Keen, poignant agonies seemed to shoot from his neck downward through every fiber of his body and limbs..How slowly it appeared to move!.He was a Federal scout..At a signal from the former the latter would step aside, the plank would tilt and the condemned man go down between two ties..Ah, that was a fine endeavor!		
With their greater infrequency the sounds increased in strength and sharpness..Its recurrence was regular, but as slow as the tolling of a death knell..Farquhar diveddived as deeply as he could..The man in the water saw the eye of the man on the bridge gazing into his own through the sights of the rifle.."They will not do that again," he thought; "the next time they will use a charge of grape.		
What a sluggish stream!.One lodged between his collar and neck; it was uncomfortably warm and he snatched it out..The arrangement commended itself to his judgement as simple and effective..He felt the ripples upon his face and heard their separate sounds as they struck...		
What he heard was the ticking of his watch..A fish slid along beneath his eyes and he heard the rush of its body parting the water..He watched them with a new interest as first one and then the other pounced upon the noose at his neck..He thought he shouted these words to his hands, for the undoing of the noose had been succeeded by the direst pang that he had yet experienced..The cord fell away; his arms parted and floated upward, the hands dimly seen on each side in the growing light.		
He looked at the forest on the bank of the stream, saw the individual trees, the leaves and the veining of each leafhe saw the very insects upon them:  the locusts, the brilliant bodied flies, the gray spiders stretching their webs from twig to twig.."Only a picket post half a mile out, on the railroad, and a single sentinel at this end of the bridge.".He opened his eyes in the darkness and saw above him a gleam of light, but how distant, how inaccessible!...Farquhar asked.		
The intellectual part of his nature was already effaced; he had power only to feel, and feeling was torment.."The Yanks are repairing the railroads," said the man, "and are getting ready for another advance..An appalling splash within two yards of him was followed by a loud, rushing sound, DIMINUENDO, which seemed to travel back through the air to the fort and died in an explosion which stirred the very river to its deeps!...Meanwhile he did what he could.		
The liberal military code makes provision for hanging many kinds of persons, and gentlemen are not excluded..The commandant has issued an order, which is posted everywhere, declaring that any civilian caught interfering with the railroad, its bridges, tunnels, or trains will be summarily hanged..The water, the banks, the forests, the now distant bridge, fort and men, all were commingled and blurred..The lady had now brought the water, which the soldier drank..They seemed like streams of pulsating fire heating him to an intolerable temperature.		
What splendid effort!what magnificent, what superhuman strength!.This plank had been held in place by the weight of the captain; it was now held by that of the sergeant..Mrs. Farquhar was only too happy to serve him with her own white hands....He wore a moustache and pointed beard, but no whiskers; his eyes were large and dark gray, and had a kindly expression which one would hardly have expected in one whose neck was in the hemp.		
"Put it back, put it back!"."Suppose a mana civilian and student of hangingshould elude the picket post and perhaps get the better of the sentinel," said Farquhar, smiling, "what could he accomplish?".While she was fetching the water her husband approached the dusty horseman and inquired eagerly for news from the front..Suddenly he felt himself whirled round and roundspinning like a top..They were in silhouette against the blue sky.		
He dug his fingers into the sand, threw it over himself in handfuls and audibly blessed it..He closed his eyes in order to fix his last thoughts upon his wife and children..The end upon which the civilian stood almost, but not quite, reached a fourth..II Peyton Farquhar was a well to do planter, of an old and highly respected Alabama family.."To be hanged and drowned," he thought, "that is not so bad; but I do not wish to be shot.		
Being a slave owner and like other slave owners a politician, he was naturally an original secessionist and ardently devoted to the Southern cause..One evening while Farquhar and his wife were sitting on a rustic bench near the entrance to his grounds, a grayclad soldier rode up to the gate and asked for a drink of water..There was something uncanny in the revelation..Attention!..		
Encompassed in a luminous cloud, of which he was now merely the fiery heart, without material substance, he swung through unthinkable arcs of oscillation, like a vast pendulum..He had come to the surface facing down the stream; in a moment the visible world seemed to wheel slowly round, himself the pivotal point, and he saw the bridge, the fort, the soldiers upon the bridge, the captain, the sergeant, the two privates, his executioners..They were, indeed, preternaturally keen and alert..Striking through the thought of his dear ones was sound which he could neither ignore nor understand, a sharp, distinct, metallic percussion like the stroke of a blacksmith's hammer upon the anvil; it had the same ringing quality..Something in the awful disturbance of his organic system had so exalted and refined them that they made record of things never before perceived.		
..To die of hanging at the bottom of a river!the idea seemed to him ludicrous....As to his head, he was conscious of nothing but a feeling of fullnessof congestion..As he shook his head free from the commotion of the smitten water he heard the deflected shot humming through the air ahead, and in an instant it was cracking and smashing the branches in the forest beyond.		
He heard a second report, and saw one of the sentinels with his rifle at his shoulder, a light cloud of blue smoke rising from the muzzle........That is a good gun."		
Circumstances of an imperious nature, which it is unnecessary to relate here, had prevented him from taking service with that gallant army which had fought the disastrous campaigns ending with the fall of Corinth, and he chafed under the inglorious restraint, longing for the release of his energies, the larger life of the soldier, the opportunity for distinction..They beat the water vigorously with quick, downward strokes, forcing him to the surface..The thought of his wife and children urged him on..His whole body was racked and wrenched with an insupportable anguish!.It is now dry and would burn like tinder."		
"I was there a month ago," he replied.."If I could free my hands," he thought, "I might throw off the noose and spring into the stream..The trees upon the bank were giant garden plants; he noted a definite order in their arrangement, inhaled the fragrance of their blooms.....		
He noted the prismatic colors in all the dewdrops upon a million blades of grass..Objects were represented by their colors only; circular horizontal streaks of colorthat was all he saw..The soldiers had almost finished reloading; the metal ramrods flashed all at once in the sunshine as they were drawn from the barrels, turned in the air, and thrust into their sockets..The Kangaroo said: "I do so enjoy that great man's censure of the ridiculousparticularly his attacks on the Proboscidae; but, alas!.how unsatisfying its rewards!		
Three of a Kind A Lawyer in whom an instinct of justice had survived the wreck of his ignorance of law was retained for the defence of a burglar whom the police had taken after a desperate struggle with someone not in custody.."Lions have a superstitious terror of my voice," answered the Cock, proudly.."So as to be there in time to get the country that he saved."."Then," said the New President, "I shall have to lock you up until you do agree.".If that kills them, you will be liable to prosecution for murder."		
"No," said the Ferryman.."Alas!"."With pleasure," said the other; "here it is.".said the King; "you wish to support those idle consumers again?".Their dishonoured representative was driving up from the railway station in a coachandfour, with music and a banner.		
"Then I decline to interfere," said the Governor, with asperity; "a man who abuses his office by making it serve a private end and purvey a personal advantage is unfit to be free.."Sir," replied the Distinguished Advocate of Republican Institutions, "a ship is expected, bearing His Majesty the King of the FlySpeck Islands, and I wish to be the first to grasp the crowned hand.".The Farmer's Friend A Great Philanthropist who had thought of himself in connection with the Presidency and had introduced a bill into Congress requiring the Government to loan every voter all the money that he needed, on his personal security, was explaining to a Sundayschool at a railway station how much he had done for the country, when an angel looked down from Heaven and wept.."Because," replied the Man, "the Baby belongs to the Orphan Asylum.".You are the Opossum of the Future, the ultimate Fittest Survivor of our species, the ripe result of progressive prehensilityall tail!"		
The Man and the Bird A Man with a Shotgun said to a Bird: "It is all nonsense, you know, about shooting being a cruel sport..Upon this assurance the people came forward with subscriptions to build a second machine.."Gentlemen," said he, "you are both right, as was to have been expected by persons so gifted with appliances for receiving instruction from the wise..Observing that the Lion gave no attention to the matter, the Skunk, keeping carefully out of reach, said: "Sir, I beg leave to point out that I have set on foot an implacable odour."."I should not so much mind that," replied the Lion, "if they would get the right one.		
It was growing late when Jamrach came to the margin of what appeared to be a lake of black ink, and there the road terminated..I am very comfortable without office.".The Victor and the Victim Two Game Cocks, having fought a battle, the defeated one skulked away and hid, but the victor mounted a wall and crowed lustily.."Knowest thou not, thou whelp of darkness and father of disordered livers," cried the Fogy, "that water will cause grass to spring up here, and trees, and possibly even flowers?."My friend," said the Office Seeker, "you see before you the wreck of an ambitious manruined by the pursuit of place and power.		
At this point in the proceedings they were interrupted by the sound of a brass band.."Will what I say make any difference?".After some years, when all but one had had judgment given against them, that one was awarded the estate, which he asked his Attorney to have appraised.."And don't you know," said the Sheik of the Outfit, "that caravans will then stop here for rest and refreshments, giving you a chance to steal the camels, the horses, and the goods?".Seeing an attendant approaching, the wise and illustrious Writer of Fables passed out of the tent and mingled with the crowd.		
If the millionaire had been let alone he would have devoured the tiger."."Ah, my deliverer," said the Snake as well as he could, "you have arrived just in time; this reptile, you see, is pitching into me without provocation.".Peasant, all hail!"."I am a Miaulopathist," said the Cat..It so happened that at that moment a Bulldog sat there sunning his teeth.		
"Well, well, well," said the Ass, shaking his head; "I should think that any animal that is afraid of your voice and doesn't mind mine must have an uncommon kind of ear.".And he smiled so pleasantly at his own wit that the provinces of Ghargaroo, M'gwana, and Scowow were affected with a blight.."Wretch!".The Snake and the Swallow A Swallow who had built her nest in a court of justice reared a fine family of young birds.."Indolence."		
"Then thou art a happy man," said the Dishonest Gain, "and thy bleeding head is but mere dissembling.."Thank you," said Jamrach, and was about to proceed.."There is nothing to appraise," said the Attorney, pocketing his last fee.."An Assassin is not in jeopardy when tried in California.".Thereupon the saurian emerged from his dream and took to the water, greatly to the surprise of the manandbrother.		
"The gentleman is excused," said the Judge, handing back the certificate to the person who had brought it, "he has a brain.".Thereupon he hastened to Police Headquarters to report progress..At this the Deputation was greatly abashed..The Farmer and the Fox A Farmer who had a deadly and implacable hatred against a certain Fox, caught him and tied some tow to his tail; then carrying him to the centre of his own grainfield, set the tow on fire and let the animal go..The Detective eagerly scanned the page, and found an official statement that the deceased was dead.		
"Madam," said Saint Peter, rising and approaching the wicket, "whence do you come?".One day he was taken in the act and condemned to die..the King asked..I like chicken better than pork, anyhow.".Then the People said: "Behold, this is an honest citizen!"		
"'Sh!.And he slipped into a hollow stump..While he looked upon the alarming spectacle an Office broke away from the Throng and took shelter in a tomb close to where he stood, the crowd being too intent upon hammering one another to observe that the cause of their contention had departed..Happy, thrice happy man!."What answer did he give you?"		
The Bumbo of Jiam The Pahdour of Patagascar and the Gookul of Madagonia were disputing about an island which both claimed..cried the King; "I told you so!he is addicted to counting syllables.."No," said the Depth of Degradation, "they have already fallen to me.".Saint and Sinner "My friend," said a distinguished officer of the Salvation Army, to a Most Wicked Sinner, "I was once a drunkard, a thief, an assassin..What if I decline to purchase?"		
"You are a detestable hypocrite and an idiot!".The Reform School Board The members of the School Board in Doosnoswair being suspected of appointing female teachers for an improper consideration, the people elected a Board composed wholly of women..Thereat the Angel of Compassion did most shamelessly and wickedly laugh..Go now to your beautiful homes and be happy."."Because," replied the Sheep, "I am a vegetarian."		
"May the wild hog defile my grave, but thou speakest wisdom!"."Thank you kindly," the Man with a Wart on His Nose replied, pocketing the money; "it is just the same to us as if you joined.."He is the Statesman who saved his country," answered the Race Horse.."I referred," said the Witch, "to the head of her good man.".He rises with the lark, passes the day in wholesome toil, and lies down at night to pleasant dreams.		
The Devoted Widow A Widow weeping on her husband's grave was approached by an Engaging Gentleman who, in a respectful manner, assured her that he had long entertained for her the most tender feelings.."And you dare to ask for mine!"."Ah, yes, I see," said the Attorney, thoughtfully, "we are making progresswe are getting on famously.".The machine immediately broke through the massive substructure upon which it was builded, and sank out of sight into the earth, the aeronaut springing out barely in time to save himself..I precede so great and illustrious a rat as you?		
Inventor."One million dollars.".CONVALESCENT..JULY FOURTH..TWO TYPES..AN AVERAGE.		
III..ARMA VIRUMQUE..A FALSE PROPHECY..THE BROTHERS..205 27.		
Jim Beckwourth's Pond..TEMPORA MUTANTUR..Juniper..AN EPITAPH..A RENDEZVOUS.		
196 25..AT THE "NATIONAL ENCAMPMENT.".THE DEATH PENALTY           I.           II..SHAPES OF CLAY THE PASSING SHOW..POLITICAL ECONOMY.		
A MORNING FANCY..LIBERTY..VISIONS OF SIN..VII..ELIXER VITAE.		
THE PSORIAD..PSYCHOGRAPHS..METEMPSYCHOSIS..TO A DEJECTED POET..AN AUGURY.		
JUSTICE..BEREAVEMENT..ONE MORNING..TWO METHODS..192 24.		
Following the Sea..OMNES VANITAS..187 23..THE PUN..AUTHORITY.		
FORESIGHT..THE DYING STATESMAN..JUDGMENT..THE TOWN OF DAE..AN INVOCATION.		
HOSPITALITY..THE NEW ENOCH..NOVUM ORGANUM..A GUEST..THE SCURRIL PRESS.		
AN INSCRIPTION A PICKBRAIN..LUSUS POLITICUS..THE WISE AND GOOD..AN ALIBI..GENESIS.		
A BUILDER..A "MUTE INGLORIOUS MILTON.".MAD..V. CIVILIZATION           I.           II..A YEAR'S CASUALTIES.		
NANINE..MY MONUMENT..Mrs. Dennison's Head..DISAVOWAL..TWO ROGUES.		
CRIME AND ITS CORRECTIVES           I.           II..A Tale of the Bosphorus..VANISHED AT COCKCROW..FOR MERIT..Snaking.		
The Following Dorg..GEOTHEOS..IMMORTALITY OPPORTUNITY CHARITY EMANCIPATED WOMAN THE OPPOSING SEX THE AMERICAN SYCOPHANT A DISSERTATION ON DOGS THE ANCESTRAL BOND THE RIGHT TO WORK THE RIGHT TO TAKE ONESELF OFF THE CYNIC'S WORD BOOK By Ambrose Bierce 1906 CONTENTS PREFACE .A .B 		
C .D .E .F .Q 		
H .I .J .K .L SHAPES OF CLAY By Ambrose Bierce 1903 CONTENTS DEDICATION.		
III..BY A DEFEATED LITIGANT..FRANCINE..THE CYNIC'S BEQUEST CORRECTED NEWS..MAGNANIMITY.		
THE WEATHER WIGHT..THE FOUNTAIN REFILLED..THE FOLLOWING PAIR..DISCRETION..THE DEBTOR ABROAD.		
