After examining these precious papers, I classified them and arranged them in order.		
Pray that I may have the courage to live; that my heart may be cleansed in your tears; that it may become a holy offering before God and that we may share it together."		
My thoughts were so confused that I had no recollection of what had happened.		
Finally Larive brought them to me, and untying the package with trembling hand, spread them before me.		
The same response from Mercanson.		
He followed me in my rambles; when I was on my horse I did not expect him to follow me, but when I saw him trudging down the valley, wiping the sweat from his brow, I bought a small horse from a peasant and gave it to him; thus we rode through the woods together.		
He began to make excuses that were as tiresome as himself for presuming to call on me without having made my acquaintance; I told him that I knew him very well as the nephew of our cure, and asked what I could do for him.		
but you are not my lover.		
While I sat there I saw her rise from time to time and whisper something to the farmer.		
The rain was falling in torrents; a heavy darkness settled over the lonely mountainside, pierced by occasional flashes of lightning.		
she asked, embracing me.		
I leaped to the ground and hastened to her side.		
I saw a bright fire burning in the lower hall; the farmer, whom I knew, was sitting near his bed; I knocked on the windowpane and called to him.		
If that man comes here this summer, she will probably see him without breaking with me.		
I did not see her for an entire week; I knew that she had summoned a physician from Paris; finally she sent for me.		
His family enjoys an excellent reputation at Paris; I used to find him with Madame Pierson whenever I called; his manners were excellent.		
She was standing near the bed, holding in her hand a cup, which she was offering the sick woman who had awakened.		
Not a word about Mercanson or her illness.		
They have called thee transitory, O thou who dost create!		
The night was superb; the moon was rising behind us; I looked at it over my left shoulder.		
Words that are as feeble as the dying breath!		
"What are you doing here, Desgenais?"		
She made a few steps toward me and I advanced to meet her.		
Was ever a more beautiful sight?		
"I am some years older than you, and ask you not to try to see me      again.		
I believe that he only comes here for the chase; he was a friend of her husband; he is said to be rich and very generous; but I know nothing about it except that" With what tortured phrases was this dull tormentor teasing me.		
They were neighbors and each owned a little domain of almost equal value.		
I wish to plant in the soil over your grave the green branch of my young life; I will water it with my tears, and the God of orphans will protect that sacred twig nourished by the grief of youth and the memory of age."		
It seemed that, once started, she had to accomplish a difficult but sacred task; she walked in front like a soldier, her arms swinging, her voice ringing through the woods in song; suddenly she would turn, come to me and kiss me.		
Why lead me before them?		
She was seated at her table and was writing in that same book that had aroused my suspicions.		
What signifies the conversation, when you listen for the heart to answer?		
I know that you love me, Brigitte, and you are safer here than a king in his palace."		
You do not know my life; you do not know that I who speak to you have had an experience as terrible as yours.		
"Yes, my friend; you know that I love you, and I often believe that you love me.		
She looked at me as if to inquire: "Why do you ask?"		
You shall be obeyed, I swear it, and that beyond your real desire, for I will sell my father's house and go abroad; but that is only on condition that I am permitted to see you once more; otherwise I remain; you need fear nothing from me, but I am resolved on that."		
With what face will you one day bury your pale and wretched creature, just as she buried the last man who protected her?		
I advanced in the darkness to see who was speaking thus, and to hear more if possible; but they passed on as soon as they spied me.		
I was about to reproach them for their ingratitude and treat them as they deserved, when Madame Pierson took one of the children in her arms and said, with a smile: "You may kiss your mother, for she is saved."		
He inspired Brigitte with the idea of flight; at this moment he may be whispering in her ear his final warning.		
This rock will make a hard bed, but we can cover it with dry leaves.		
If you knew how he has been treated, how they have mocked at all that is good, how they have taken pains to teach him all that leads to doubt, to jealousy, to despair!		
At a crossroad we would have to examine not one guidepost but five or six until the right one was found.		
I thought of questioning the servant, I stepped to the window.		
My father spent much of his time about the garden; the rest of the day was devoted to walking and study, a nice adjustment of bodily and mental exercise.		
If you but love me I am happy; let us forget what is past and let us not spoil our happiness."		
"It is yours?"		
"Oh, my love!"		
Poor devoted soul!		
They say that her reputation has been sullied, that I illtreat her, and that she ought not to submit to it.		
You have been cruel!"		
He bowed.		
God is my witness I was not born such as you see me; during my life I have been neither suspicious nor distrustful.		
"Sir, you are becoming violent!		
We set out at eleven at night, expecting to reach home some time in the morning.		
What is there sweeter than love?		
Was I distrustful or a fool?		
"Who is there at this hour?		
"Has her husband been dead long?"		
I told her of the solitary life I was leading.		
"Ah!		
"God has sent you as an angel of light to draw me from the abyss.		
"Do you still take things seriously?"		
I stepped up to her and took her hand.		
She was pale as death, her voice constrained, her throat swollen.		
Not only was she unhappy, but she was insulted in public, and the man who ought to be her support and her consolation in such an hour was the cause of all her troubles.		
As I was passing through the village on my return, I saw Mercanson; he was surrounded by a number of schoolchildren, his uncle's pupils.		
my friend, my friend," said Brigitte, "it is a pity that you must seek pastimes."		
Three weeks later my mission had been accomplished and I returned.		
I began to yield to the influence of a dream that was both sweet and profound, and in spite of the serious firmness of his character, I discovered an ineffable grace, the flower of kindness.		
Pray also for me that I may be able to love you as you deserve.		
Such a feeling is a dangerous thing, and I have done wrong in      entertaining it with you.		
I mused, "and by what right?how dared you come to this house, and lay hands on this woman?		
Brigitte!		
I was somewhat astonished myself; but who knows his own mind?		
I thought she was searching for words that would not appear too severe, and that she was anxious to avoid hurting me.		
The respect I felt for her inspired me with such joy that her face looked to me like a budding rose.		
CHAPTER V AN INTERVIEW The fever kept me in bed a week.		
Larive had no more desire to console me than to console himself.		
Around the form of my dear mistress I slipped my arm; she gently turned her head; her eyes were bathed in tears.		
It was Sunday; as we were driving down the road Brigitte ordered the carriage to stop in order to say goodevening to some friends, fresh and vigorous country girls, who were going to dance at Tilleuls.		
He brought a large trunk and busied himself with preparations for departure.		
You will tell me where you live and I will order the driver to take you home to your mother, since," she added, "you really find me ugly."		
When will all this cease?"		
I spread out on the table our map of Europe, and there in the very presence of all my hopes, in that room where I had conceived and had so nearly realized them, I abandoned myself to the most frightful presentiments.		
Brigitte was ill and obstinately remained silent.		
Before she left I asked her to embroider a purse for me.		
And this is what has been going on in this valley while I have been dining and gambling; she was probably born here, and will be buried in a corner of the cemetery, by the side of her father.		
"She loves another?		
In a word, he belonged to that small class who live quietly, and who are worth more to the world than those who do not appreciate them.		
All external sensations caused me insupportable fatigue, all wellknown objects of daily life repelled and annoyed me; if I spoke, it was in ridicule of what others thought or of what I thought myself.		
Who am I that you should doubt me?"		
It is not love alone that inspires jealousy; a favor, a kind word, a smile from a beautiful mouth, may arouse some people to jealous rage.		
Then in the midst of that factitious joy, she would turn her back and I could see her shudder until the flowers she had placed in her hair trembled.		
What would have been the result if I had started at once on our trip?		
What have I done?		
"What are you doing there?"		
I did not know.		
I am your mistress, alas!		
God has sent you as an angel of light to draw me from the abyss.		
The fool wishes to possess heaven; the sage admires it, kneels before it, but does not desire it.		
Alas!		
"Why, when I went to see him, did he throw himself into my arms, and why did he weep and beat his head with his hands?"		
She was a strange creature, as good and sincere, when you could get finery out of her head, as she was stupid when absorbed in such frivolous affairs.		
"Poor boy!"		
Her simple, good nature gave a charm even to solitude; she could see me now at all hours without resorting to any precaution.		
"Sir," I said to the physician, "please have every one retire that I may be alone here; my father had something to say to me, and he will say it."		
"Because I think, I doubt and I fear."		
At her side I perceived what I really was.		
I did not discern her motive, but it was not prudery; it seemed to me that at such times her face took on a stern aspect and a wave of feeling, even of suffering, passed over it.		
"Reflect: what drives you at this moment to despair is the idea of perfection in your mistress, the idea that has been shattered.		
"It must be," I repeated to myself.		
I began to calculate all the harm I had done; I saw my dear Brigitte walking under the lindens with her goat beside her.		
Are you going to begin life over again this year?"		
I found her alone, seated on a sofa.		
She arose.		
His first gesture froze my blood.		
If he spoke of our liaison, it was with respect and as a man who looks upon love as a sacred bond; in fact, he was a kind friend, and he inspired me with full confidence.		
She had prepared it herself and I did not drink a drop that was not first borne to her lips.		
At that thought, which had not occurred to me before, I experienced a profound feeling of discouragement.		
Did she not accept my arm, the first day I met her?		
One night, we struck out through the woods, leaving the road which led to the rock.		
"You consider that woman faithful who loves you two years; you must have an almanac that will indicate just how long it takes for an honest man's kisses to dry on a woman's lips.		
It was the Sunday dance and I asked Larive to go and see if Madame Pierson was there.		
He muttered a few words in a dazed manner and then began to sing.		
When we reached the end of the garden walk, a large young man with a pale face, clad in a kind of black cassock, suddenly appeared at the railing.		
If you find that it is a little far, let it be the occasion of an absence which shall last as long as you choose, but which must not be too short.		
Finally I persuaded myself that I had not been seen distinctly; I attempted to deny it.		
I must punish him, and I must repair the wrong I have done Brigitte.		
"Who is this M. de Dalens?"		
She spoke to me of my father, and always in the same tone I had noted when I first revealed my namethat is, cheerfully, almost gaily.		
At this very moment?"		
My anger had become furious when the idea of resorting to such trickery occurred to me.		
There were the same words, the same woman, the same caresses; and that which, fifteen days before, would have intoxicated me with love and happiness, repeated thus, filled me with horror.		
And they have said that thy passing beams have illumined their fugitive life.		
A dilapidated open wagon, flaming torches lighting up painted faces; such laugh and sing.		
I stopped in the hall; every note reached my ear distinctly; never had she sung so sadly, so divinely.		
I waited a moment, in order to conceal my astonishment.		
But tell me, is that the love of our women?		
These are the signs which led to an unfavorable opinion of Mercanson, an opinion which was unfortunately correct.		
Why has she closed her door against me, and why did she send you to tell me of it?"		
Her daily life was recorded there; what she had lost, what she had hoped, the isolation she experienced even in my presence, the barrier that was growing up between us, the cruelties I subjected her to in return for her love and her resignationall that was written down without a complaint; on the contrary, she undertook to justify me.		
"Let us go, let us go!"		
CHAPTER V ONE day, I saw a little chamber she called her oratory; there was no furniture except a priedieu and a little altar with a cross and some vases of flowers.		
"You have just offered me Cyprian wine; why do you not drink some yourself?"		
Our treaty was sealed with a kiss, and when I left her we had both forgotten that M. de Dalens ever existed.		
That is the moral of the world, that is the end of your smiles.		
"We shall go to supper at once," said he.		
"That is her secret, respect it."		
The great currents that are found in the middle of the ocean resemble certain events in life.		
We can not live here, let us go elsewhere, wherever you please, let us go and die together in some remote corner of the world.		
"You are not, my dear Octave, the only man I have loved.		
"What makes you think I am playing?"		
"But why is it that I suffer?		
The name of the young man I was going to see was Smith; he was living near by.		
What good are these remains?		
what prayers!		
"Are you ill?"		
Whatever the secret she was concealing from me, was she not going away with me?		
In the solitude of that unknown village, where an unkind fate had buried her, she was consumed with an uncontrollable passion for pleasure.		
We searched in the closet for dresses, cloaks, and artificial flowers; Brigitte as usual, was patient and cheerful.		
While thus buried in thought, I tried to invent some expedient that would lead to the truth, I recalled one of Diderot's romances in which a woman, jealous of her lover, resorted to a novel plan, for the purpose of clearing away her doubts.		
Who is dead?"		
She might employ all the seduction she pleased; you alone were in danger.		
Every one knows how bad news travels in the provinces, flying from mouth to mouth and growing as it flies; that is what happened in this case.		
Do you know that she confesses that another attracts her, and do you expect me, loving her as I do, to share my love?		
When the waltz was over I threw myself on a chair; my heart beat wildly: "Oh, heaven!"		
How could I revenge myself on a woman?		
She began to laugh, and Desgenais, who could see us from his table, joined her.		
"What sleep!"		
They spoke so often and so long that all human illusions, like the trees in autumn, fell leaf by leaf about them, and those who listened passed their hands over their foreheads as if awakening from a feverish dream.		
If your mistress is sincere and faithful, love her for that; but if she is not, if she is merely young and beautiful, love her for that; if she is agreeable and spirituelle, love her for that; if she is none of these things but merely loves you, love her for that.		
Surely, Desgenais, you are dreaming.		
I sat like a statue, making no reply and looking at her from head to foot with amazement.		
"But tell me, is that the love of our women?		
Madame," I replied, "there is nothing irrevocable except the grief that is killing me.		
The grisette, that woman so dreamy, so romantic, so tender, and so sweet in love, abandoned herself to the countinghouse and to the shop.		
That woman mocked me, it was she who first pointed her finger at me, singling me out to the idle crowd which surrounded her; it was she, it was those lips erstwhile so many times pressed to mine, it was that body, that soul of my life, my flesh and my blood, it was from that source the injury came; yea, the last pang of all, the most cowardly and the most bitter, the pitiless laugh that sneers in the face of grief.		
Who told you to dry my tears?		
The more I thought of it the more enraged I became.		
heavens!		
Since that man sleeps so soundly on his bench, why do not I sleep on mine?		
You must be very much disgusted, for she is a beautiful woman."		
"Reply to me, thou book of God!"		
Then consciousness left me, I leaned my elbows on the table and said adieu to myself.		
reasoners sublime, who have led him to this, what will you say to him if he is conquered?		
What do the astronomers think when they predict, at a given hour and place, the passage of a comet, that most eccentric of celestial travellers?		
But they were soon lost in the crowd.		
But while my vanity was thus occupied, my heart was suffering, so that ever within me were a man who laughed and a man who wept.		
All this did not please me; but Desgenais had undertaken the task of curing me of my love, and was prepared to treat my disease heroically.		
I asked.		
Perhaps they thought this was the way to achieve man's happiness, sending him out to the conquest of liberty.		
Since she loves but one at a time, what does it matter whether it is during an interval of two years or in the course of a single night?		
Is it money you want?		
Alas!		
Before the sword of Napoleon majesty made this movement, this gesture which ruins everything, not only majesty but religion, nobility, all power both human and divine.		
One night as I was seated on the bench, plunged in frightful melancholy, I saw a belated workman staggering along the street.		
Is he a dwarf or a giant?		
.		
Once he persuaded me to go out on foot with him, muffled in grotesque costumes, with masks and instruments of music.		
My dear Octave, the scene I have described took place on a certain night when the moon was shining brightly.		
A long friendship, founded on mutual services, gave him certain rights, and as his motive appeared praiseworthy I allowed him to have his way.		
"What!"		
I began to mingle with the throngs at Sevres and Chaville, and stretch myself on flowery swards in secluded groves.		
"For you and for me," I said, presenting her my glass in turn.		
There were struggles with the 'garde du corps' on the steps of the legislative assembly; at the theatre Talma wore a wig which made him resemble Caesar; every one flocked to the burial of a Liberal deputy.		
There is no resemblance between the different quarters of the same city, and the denizen of the Chaussee d'Antin has as much to learn at Marais as at Lisbon.		
I thought I was dreaming; it did not seem possible that this was the woman I had left, just fifteen minutes before, overwhelmed with grief, abased to the floor; I was as motionless as a statue.		
I am so proud and so foolish that I dare not enter a tavern, and it seems I do not understand that if unfortunates enter there, it is to come out happy.		
There is a Spanish play, familiar to all the world, in which a stone statue comes to sup with a profligate, sent thither by divine justice.		
I took with me a taciturn humor that nothing could overcome; he respected it scrupulously.		
I solemnly promised.		
Suddenly I heard my name called.		
He fixes his staring eyes on the dazzling skin of his prey.		
"But if your character is formed, if you are truly a man, sure of yourself and confident of your strength, you may taste of life without fear and without reserve; you may be sad or joyous, deceived or respected; but be sure you are loved, for what matters the rest?		
What I do know is that an inordinate desire for vengeance entered into my soul.		
I shook my head in reply; I was in such a rage that I could not pardon him, although I felt that his repentance was sincere.		
My mistress and her neighbor, on their side, were very quiet, talking but little and never looking at each other.		
She seemed neither astonished nor affected by it.		
But I had a confused idea that I was not alone in the tavern.		
"There is the great secret, my child, the key you must grasp.		
All nature appeared a beautiful stone with a thousand facets, on which was engraven the mysterious name.		
I can not.'		
he asked.		
Have you lost some relative?		
As it was past midnight some were closed; this put me in a fury.		
Finally, after walking up and down a few times, I stopped before the sleeper.		
I turned them all over, one after another, in my mind, and then, not feeling inclined to any of them, I allowed my thoughts to wander.		
Their dress indicated that they belonged to the poorer class, but were not bourgeois; in short, they belonged to that ambiguous class, the vilest of all, which has neither fortune nor occupation, which never works except at some criminal plot, a class which, neither poor nor rich, combines the vices of one with the misery of the other.		
To all this Desgenais replied: "She is unworthy; promise me that you will never see her again."		
As for me, I did not understand what else there was to do but love, and when any one spoke to me of other occupations I did not reply.		
They had not gone beyond their native towns; but had been told that through each gateway of these towns lay the road to a capital of Europe.		
when you thank God that you were born for that harvest, think of those who are no more, tell yourself that we have dearly purchased the repose which you enjoy; pity us more than all your fathers, for we have suffered the evil which entitled them to pity and we have lost that which consoled them.		
I did not reply to his questions and he dropped the subject; he was satisfied that I had forgotten my mistress.		
She turned her dark eyes on me, then turned them upward, and raising her finger with that Italian gesture which can not be imitated, she pronounced that characteristic feminine word of her country: "Forse!"		
She threw her arms around my neck, saying that she had been tempted, that my rival had intoxicated her at that fatal supper, but that she had never been his; that she had abandoned herself in a moment of forgetfulness; that she had committed a fault but not a crime; but that if I would not pardon her, she, too, would die.		
Her husband, whom she knew to be vindictive, had made threats.		
Ah!		
for me, the earth, since heaven is empty!		
But such thoughts aroused a feeling of horror, for I felt that if the body was under the clothing, the skeleton was under the body.		
Are you with me?		
he cried; "go, stanch your wound at the house of " He choked, and so did I. I was placed in a cab, where I found a physician.		
As human weakness seeks association and as men are gregarious by nature, politics became mingled with it.		
I had made of myself a great warehouse of odds and ends, so that having no more thirst after drinking of the novel and the unknown, I became an oddity myself.		
He combined an antique hospitality with modern ways.		
Youth must pass away, and if I were you I would carry off the queen of Portugal rather than study anatomy."		
What!		
[Once I was beautiful, white and rosy as a flower; but now I am not.		
