The sunlight fell for the first time on many a spot of deep woodland cleared for vinegrowing; though Denys, a lover of trees, was careful to leave a stately specimen of forest growth here and there.		
Music alone hitherto had really helped him, and taken him out of himself.		
Away with that tetchy, feverish, unworthy agitation!		
In the front garden, flowergarden and potager in one, the bees were busy among the autumn growthsmanycoloured asters, bignonias, scarletbeans, and the oldfashioned parsonage flowers.		
Here, it might seem, the thing was indeed done, and art achieved, as far as regards those final graces, and harmonies of execution, which were precisely what lay beyond the hand of the medieval workman, who for his part had largely at command a seriousness of conception lacking in the old Greek.		
Often it was a weary, deflowered face that his favourite mirrors reflected.		
Anthony Watteau is an excellent judge of literature, and I have been reading (with infinite [37] surprise!)		
One fault only Carl found in his French models, and was resolute to correct.		
The whole body of Carl's relations, saving the drowsy old grandfather, already lay buried beneath their expansive heraldries: at times the whole world almost seemed buried thusmade and remade of the deadits entire fabric of politics, of art, of custom, being essentially heraldic "achievements," dead men's mementoes such as those.		
The house has but one story, with attics in the mansard roofs, like those of a farmhouse in the country.		
The age was still fitted to evoke a generous ambition; and this son, from whose natural gifts there was so much to hope for, might play his part, at least as a diplomatist, if the present quiet continued.		
The Watteau salon was lighted up to receive them.		
Deep down, at the core of the central pile, a painful object was exposedthe skeleton of a child, placed there alive, it was rightly surmised, in the superstitious belief that, by way of vicarious substitution, its death would secure the safety of all who should pass over.		
Here, that rare artist, the susceptible painter of architecture, if he understands the value alike of line and mass of broad masses and delicate lines, has "a subject made to his hand."		
For Sebastian at least, the world and the individual alike had been divested of all effective purpose.		
And so far consistently throughout he had held that the centre of one's intellectual system must be understood to be in France.		
In [69] their presence, the Bishop of Auxerre, with vestments of deep red in honour of the relics, blessed the new shrine, according to the office De benedictione capsarum pro reliquiis.		
It looks certainly very graceful, fresh, animated, "piquant," as they love to sayyes!		
The theoretic or imaginative desire to urge Time's creeping footsteps, was felt now as the physical fatigue which leaves the book or the letter unfinished, or finishes eagerly out of hand, for mere finishing's sake, unimportant business.		
the [38] hero himself also, that dainty Chevalier des Grieux, with all his fervour, have, I think, but a halflife in them truly, from the first.		
A learned physician, moreover, endeavoured to comfort his mother by [115] remarking that in any case he must certainly have died ere many years were passed, slowly, perhaps painfully, of a disease then coming into the world; disease begotten by the fogs of that countrywaters, he observed, not in their place, "above the firmament"on people grown somewhat overdelicate in their nature by the effects of modern luxury.		
For him the light was still to seek in France, in Italy, above all in old Greece, amid the precious things which might yet be lurking there unknown, in art, in poetry, perhaps in very life, till Prince Fortunate should come.		
From the midst of the busy and busylooking house, crowded with the furniture and the pretty little toys of many generations, a long passage led the rare visitor up a winding staircase, and (again at the end of a long passage) he found himself as if shut off from the whole talkative Dutch world, and in the embrace of that wonderful quiet which is also possible in Holland at its height all around him.		
That he might in this way facilitate that muchdesired journey occurred to him almost at once as an accessory motive, and in a little while definite motives were engrossed in the dramatic interest, the pleasing gloom, the curiosity, of the thing itself.		
It was as if the disturbing of that timeworn masonry let out the dark spectres of departed times.		
And yet, in the midst of this, by mere force of contrast, comes back to me, very vividly, the true colour, ruddy with blossom and fruit, of the past summer, among the streets and gardens of some of our old towns we visited; when the thought of cold was a luxury, and the earth dry enough to sleep on.		
He hasn't yet put off, in spite of all his late intercourse with the great world, his distant and preoccupied mannera manner, it is true, the same to every one.		
NOTES 37.		
But from this time there was manifest, with no loss of power or effect, a wellassured seriousness, somewhat [71] jealous and exclusive, not so much in the selection of the material on which the arts were to work, as in the precise sort of expression that should be induced upon it.		
The strong wind changed not again for fourteen days, and its effect was a permanent one; so that people might have fancied that an enemy had indeed cut the dykes somewherea pinhole enough to wreck the ship of Holland, or at least this portion of it, which underwent an inundation of the sea the like of which had not occurred in that province for half a century.		
Time, at the court of the Grandduke of Rosenmold, at the beginning of the eighteenth century might seem to have been standing still almost since the Middle Agesince the days of the Emperor Charles the Fifth, at which period, by the marriage of the hereditary Grandduke with a princess of the Imperial house, a sudden tide of wealth, flowing through the grandducal exchequer, had left a kind of golden architectural splendour on the place, always too ample for its population.		
That revolution in the temper and manner of individuals concurred with the movement then on foot at Auxerre, as in other French towns, [61] for the liberation of the commune from its old feudal superiors.		
you might have supposed, but for a touch of grace in the construction of the thinglightly wrought timberwork, united and adorned by a multitude of brass fastenings, like the work of children for their simplicity, while the rude, stiff chair, or throne, set upon it, seemed to distinguish it as a chariot of state.		
The men stuck little shreds of his flesh, or, failing that, of his torn raiment, into their caps; the women lending their long hairpins for the purpose.		
It might have been "the wondrous vessel of the Grail."		
So genially attempered, so warm, was life become, in the land of which Pliny had spoken as scarcely dry land at all.		
Hence that discontent with himself, which keeps pace with his fame.		
It showed him, as he fixed the mental eye with more and more of selfabsorption on the phenomena of his intellectual existence, a picture or vision of the universe as actually the product, so far as he really knew it, of his own lonely thinking powerof himself, there, thinking: as being zero without him: and as possessing a perfectly homogeneous unity in that fact.		
Constant observer as he is of the lights and shadows of things, he visits [20] places of this kind at odd times.		
July 1721.		
How little peace have his great successes given him; how little of [40] that quietude of mind, without which, methinks, one fails in true dignity of character.		
Holland, just then, was reposing on its laurels after its long contest with Spain, in a short period of complete wellbeing, before troubles of another kind should set in.		
the very friends, have become to him nothing less than insupportable.		
And a certain number of weeks afterwards it was known that "the mad Duke" had reappeared, to the dismay of court marshals.		
It must long since have mouldered into dust under the stone, marked with a cross, where he buried it in a dark corner of the cathedral aisle.		
And yet in truth, since we are no longer children, we might well question the advantage of the return to us of a condition of life in which, by the nature of the case, the values of things would, so to speak, lie wholly on their surfaces, unless we could regain also the childish consciousness, or rather unconsciousness, in ourselves, to take all that adroitly and with the appropriate lightness of heart.		
The lad, with his full red lips and open blue eyes, coming as with a great cup in his hands to life's feast, revolted from the like of that, as from suffocation.		
But he finishes a large number of works, doorheads, clavecin cases, and the like.		
It was just then that Denys was seen plainly, standing, in all essential features precisely as of old, upon one of the great stones prepared for the foundation of the new building.		
He was ready to preside with all ceremony at a presentation of Marivaux's Death of Hannibal, played in the original, with such imperfect mastery of the French accent as the lovers of new light in Rosenmold had at command, in a theatre copied from that at Versailles, lined with pale yellow satin, and with a picture, amid the stucco braveries of the ceiling, of the Septentrional Apollo himself, in somewhat watery red and blue.		
Is it the depressing result of this labour, of a too exacting labour?		
The hot nights were noisy with swarming troops of dishevelled women and youths with redstained limbs and faces, carrying their lighted torches over the vineclad hills, or rushing down the streets, to the horror of timid watchers, towards the cool spaces by the river.		
One puts this and that angry spasm into it, and is delivered from it so.		
Has he failed truly to grasp the fact of his great success and the rewards that lie before him?		
perhaps of infinite littleness also.		
October 1717.		
However the matter was managed, no one doubted, when, with a blazon of ceremonious words, the court news went forth that, after a brief illness, according to the way of his race, the hereditary Grandduke was deceased.		
The antiquities, beautiful curiosities of all sortsabove all, the original drawings of those old masters Antony so greatly admiresare arranged all around one there, that the influence, the genius, of those things may imperceptibly play upon and enter into one, and form what one does.		
In truth, it was not by magic, as some said, but by a natural simplicity in his living.		
and they were too sick, or at least too serious, to carry through their parts in it.		
But that he no longer needs.		
Is it pity, then, pity only, one must feel for the brilliant one?		
Yet he reaches with wonderful sagacity the secret of an adjustment of colours, a coiffure, a toilette, setting I know not what air of real superiority on such things.		
The settle of carved oak which runs all round the wide nave is my father's own work.		
Theorem and corollary!		
Therefore, all the more exclusively, he must minister to mind, to the intellectual power, submitting himself to the sole direction of that, whithersoever it might lead him.		
I sat for it in a walkingdress, made under his directiona gown of a peculiar silken stuff, falling into an abundance of small folds, giving me "a certain air of piquancy" which pleases him, but is far enough from my true self.		
I find a certain immobility of disposition in me, to quicken or interfere with which is like physical pain.		
A little to his surprise, the young man declined the offer; not graciously, as was thought.		
All was but conscious mind.		
He did not reflect on the inconsistency of the feeling of honour (living, as it does essentially, upon the concrete and minute detail of social relationship) for one who, on principle, set so slight a value on anything whatever that is merely relative in its character.		
Obviously somewhat jealous of his intellectual interests, he loved inanimate nature, it might have been thought, better than man.		
And the Duke Carl was a sincere lover of music, himself playing melodiously on the violin to a delighted court.		
Girding up their skirts a little way, the whole body of clerics awaited their turn in silence, while the captain of the singingboys cast the ball into the air, as [58] high as he might, along the vaulted roof of the central aisle to be caught by any boy who could, and tossed again with hand or foot till it passed on to the portly chanters, the chaplains, the canons themselves, who finally played out the game with all the decorum of an ecclesiastical ceremony.		
The sergeantpainter and the deputy sergeantpainter were, indeed, conventional performers enough; as mechanical in their dispensation of wigs, fingerrings, ruffles, and simpers, as the figure of the armed knight who struck the bell in the Residence tower.		
And while, in the eyes of all around him tonight, this courtship seemed to promise him, thus early in life, a kind of quiet happiness, he was coming to an estimate of the situation, with strict regard to that ideal of a calm, intellectual indifference, of which he was [102] the sworn chevalier.		
His preference in the matter of art was, therefore, for those prospects a vol a'oiseauof the caged bird on the wing at lastof which Rubens had  the secret, and still more Philip de Koninck, four of whose choicest works occupied the four walls of his chamber; visionary escapes, north, south, east, and west, into a wideopen though, it must be confessed, a somewhat sullen land.		
Ah!		
One and another of those Northgerman towns were already aware of the youthful Sebastian Bach.		
It was his desire to test the sincerity of the people about him, and unveil flatterers, which in the first instance suggested a trick he played upon the court, upon all Europe.		
The monk Hermes sought in vain next day for any remains of the body of his friend.		
Actually proud at times of his curious, wellreasoned nihilism, he [111] could but regard what is called the business of life as no better than a trifling and wearisome delay.		
One of his acquaintance, a penurious young poet, who, having nothing in his pockets but the imaginative or otherwise barely potential gold of manuscript verses, would have grasped so eagerly, had they lain within his reach, at the elegant outsides of life, thought the fortunate Sebastian, possessed of every possible opportunity of that kind, yet bent only on dispensing with it, certainly a most puzzling and comfortless creature.		
See, for example, Plato, Protagoras 333b.		
And his education continued late; he could seldom think of marriage till the age of thirty.		
Note, however, in what way, precisely.		
60.		
.		
The process of dialectic, as represented in the Platonic Dialogues, may seem, therefore, inconsistent with itself, if you isolate this or that particular movement, in what is a very complex process, with many phases of development.		
What Christian marriage, in harmonious action with man's true nature, has done to counteract this condition, that Plato tried to do by a somewhat forced legislation, which was altogether out of harmony with the facts of man's nature.		
Justice therefore its area, the space of experience which it covers, dissolves away, literally, as the eye is fixed upon it, like Heraclitean water: it is and is not.		
As in the class of the artisans (hoi dêmiourgoi)+ some can make swords best, others pitchers, so, on the larger survey, there will be found those who can use those swords, or, again, think, teach, pray, or lead an army, a whole body of swordsmen, best, thus defining within impassable barriers three essential species of citizenshipthe productive class, the military order, the governing class thirdly, or spiritual order.		
at Sparta, where it consisted of 28."		
Labouring by system at the production of perfect swords, perfect lamps, perfect poems too, and a perfect coinage, such as we know, to enable them the more readily to exchange their produce (nomisma tês allagês heneka)+ working perhaps in guilds and under rules to insure perfection in each specific craft, refining matter to the last degree, they would constitute the beautiful body of the State, in rightful service, like the copper and iron, the bronze and the steel, they manipulate so finely, to its beautiful soulto its natural though hereditary aristocracy, its "golden" humanity, its kings, in whom Wisdom, the light, of a comprehensive Synopsis, indefectibly resides, and who, as being not merely its discursive or practical reason, but its faculty of contemplation likewise, will be also its priests, the [252] medium of its worship, of its intercourse with the gods.		
Plato, Republic 331e and 332a.		
asks Thrasymachus.		
Our pilgrimage is meant indeed to end in nothing less than the vision of what we seek.		
And in the nineteenth century, as on the one hand the philosophy of motion, of the "perpetual flux," receives its share of verification from that theory of development with which in various forms all modern science is prepossessed; so, on the other hand, the philosophy of rest also, of the perpetual lethargy, the Parmenidean assertion of the exclusive reign of "The One," receives an unlookedfor testimony from the modern physical philosopher, hinting that the phenomena he deals withmatter, organism, consciousnessbegan in a state of indeterminate, abstract indifference, with a single uneasy start in a sort of eternal sleep, a ripple on the dead, level surface.		
Plato, Symposium 212a.		
Of the industrial or productive class, the artists and artisans, Plato speaks only in outline, but is significant in what he says; and enough remains of the actual fruits [250] of Greek industry to enable us to complete his outline for ourselves, as we may also, by aid of Greek art, together with the words of Homer and Pindar, equip and realise the full character of the true Platonic "warman" or knight; and again, through some later approximate instances, discern something of those extraordinary, halfdivine, philosophic kings.		
Etext editor's translation: "We are and are not."		
Plato, Protagoras 343b.		
Plato enjoys it for its own sake, and would have been an excellent writer of fiction.		
Pater's translation: "a Dialogue of search."		
Liddell and Scott definition: "any art over which the Muses presided, esp.		
Sophistry and common sense are trying their best to apprehend, to cover or occupy, a certain space, as the exact area of Justice.		
But, he is asked, if the prospect be indeed so cheerful, at all events for the just, why is it forbidden to seize such an advantage as death must be by selfdestruction?Tois anthrôpois, mê hosion einai, autous heatous eupoiein, all' allon dei menein euergetên.+  His consistent piety straightway suggests the solution of that paradox: we are the property, slaves, of the gods.		
1, Cyrenaicism, and Vol.		
.		
to the primeval indifference, as may be understood by those who can reckon the time it will take for our wornout planet, surviving all the fret of the humanity it housed for a while, to be drawn into the sun.		
Certainly something of paradox may always be felt even in his [33] exposition of "Being," or perhaps a kind of paralysis of speechaphasia.+ Parmenides himself had borrowed the thought from another, though he made it his own.		
Hence, at once cause and effect of such "seamless" unity, his paradoxical new law of property in the City of the Perfectmandatum novum, a "new commandment," we might fairly call itta tôn philôn koina.+  "And no one said that aught of the things he possessed was his own but they had all things common."		
The wholesome vigour, the clearness and purity they maintain in matters such as air, light, water; how their presence multiplies the contrasts, the element of light and shadow, in things; the untouched perfection of the minuter ornament, flower or crystal, they permit one sparingly; their reproachful aloofness, though so close to us, keeping sensitive minds at least in a sort of moral alliance with their remoter solitudes.		
189.		
The proposition which embodies it very [190] imperfectly, may not look to him, in those dark chambers of his individuality, of himself, into which none but he can ever get, to test the matter, what it looks to me, or to you.		
Shut off landwards from the primitive sources of those many elements it was to compose anew, shut off from all the rest of the world, to [104] which it presented but one narrow entrance pierced through that rock of Tempe, so narrow that "in the opinion of the ancients it might be defended by a dozen men against all comers," it did recompose or fuse those many diverse elements into one absolutely original type.		
"An offence" to the whole tribe of Sophists, he was hated also by those who hated them, by the good old men of Athens, whose conservatism finds its representative in Aristophanes, and who saw in the Socratic challenge of first principles, in that ceaseless testing of the origin and claims of what all [90] honest people might seem to take for granted, only a further development of the pernicious function of the Sophists themselves, by the most subtly influential of them all.		
+Transliteration: ta erôtika.		
Pater's translation: "this is the path to persuasion, for truth goes along with it."		
the central business of education.		
we think it very expressive of strenuous national character.		
+Transliteration: heteron epistêmês doxa; eph' heterô ara heteron ti dynamenê hekatera autôn pephyke; ouk enchôrei gnôston kai doxaston tauton einai.		
In spirit, then, we are certainly of the Pythagorean company in that most characteristic dialogue, the Meno, in which Plato discusses the nature, the true idea, of Virtue, or rather how one may attain thereto; compelled to this subordinate and accessory question by the intellectual [61] cowardice of his disciple, though after his manner he flashes irrepressible light on that other primary and really indispensable question by the way.		
With no movement of voice or hand or foot, paraleipomenon,+ unconsidered, as Plato forbids, it was the perfect flower of their correction, of that minute patience and care which ends in a perfect expressiveness; not a note, a glance, a touch, but told obediently in the promotion of a firmly grasped mental conception, as in that perfect poetry or sculpture or painting, in which "the finger of the master is on every part of his work."		
the question Plato is asking throughout The Republic, with a touch perhaps of the narrowness, the fanaticism, or "fixed idea," of Machiavel himself, is, not how shall the state, the place we must live in, be gay or rich or populous, but strongstrong enough to remain [240] itself, to resist solvent influences within or from without, such as would deprive it not merely of the accidental notes of prosperity but of its own very being.		
Collectively of course they are the mind or brain, the mental element, in the social organism.		
CHAPTER 4: PLATO AND SOCRATES [75] "PLATO," we say habitually when we talk of our teacher in The Republic, the Phaedrus, cutting a knot; for Plato speaks to us indirectly only, in his Dialogues, by the voice of the Platonic Socrates, a figure most ambiguously compacted of the real Socrates and Plato himself; a purely dramatic invention, it might perhaps have been fancied, or, so to speak, an idolon theatriPlato's self, but presented, with the reserve appropriate to his fastidious genius, in a kind of stage disguise.		
153.		
+Transliteration: Tois anthrôpois, mê hosion einai, autous heatous eupoiein, all' allon dei menein euergetên.		
It was as if the firm plastic outlines of the delightful old Greek polytheism had found their way back after all into a repellent monotheism.		
In their origin, then, very obviously elemental deities, they were thus become almost wholly humanised, fraternised with the Lacedaemonian people, their closest friends of the whole celestial company, visitors, as fond legend told, at their very hearths, found warming themselves in the halflight at their rude firesides.		
Let me however conclude with a document of the Eleatic temper, nearer in its origin to the age of Plato: an ancient fragment of Cleanthes the Stoic, which has justly stirred the admiration of Stoical minds; though truly, so hard is it not to lapse from those austere heights, the One, the Absolute, has become in it after all, with much varied colour and detail in his relations to concrete things and persons, our father Zeus.		
What the nature of such representative terms and notions, genus and species, classword, and abstract idea or ideal, may be; what their relationship to the individual, the unit, the particulars which they include; is, as we know, one of the constant problems of logic.		
Thus, with Berkeley, its purpose is but to give a popular turn to certain very dogmatic opinions, about which there is no diffidence, there are no halflights, in the writer's own mind.		
II.		
+Transliteration: systoichiai tôn enantiôn.		
65.		
Still, not so far away, made, not in idea and by the movements of an abstract argument, the mere strokes of a philosophic pen, but solidified by constancy of character, fortified anew on emergency by heroic deeds, for itself, for the whole of Greece, though with such persistent hold throughout on an idea, or system of ideas, that it might seem actually to have come readymade from the mind of some halfdivine Lycurgus, or through him from Apollo himself, creator of that music of which it was an example:there, in the hidden valley of the Eurotas, it was to be found, as a visible centre of actual human life, the place which was alleged to have come, harsh paradox as it might sound to Athenian ears, within measurable distance of civic perfection, of the political and social ideal.		
Pater's translation: "in and by itself."		
He remains youthful and unmarried.		
He therefore indulged them in it on occasion, and you might fancy that the religion of a people so strenuous, ever so full of their dignity, must have been a religion of gloom.		
39.		
sensible experience as such is logically inconceivable.		
Aristotle adds, however, that Socrates had stopped at the point here indicated: he had not gone on, like some others, to make those universal notions or definitions "separable"separable, that is to say, from the particular and concrete instances, from which he had gathered them.		
Those tendencies combine and find their complete expression in what Plato's commentators, rather than Plato, have called the "theory of ideas," itself indeed not so much a doctrine or theory, as a way of regarding and speaking of general terms, such as Useful or Just; of abstract notions, like Equality; of ideals, such as Beauty, or The Perfect City; of all those terms or notions, in short, which represent under general forms the particular presentations of our individual experience; or, to use Plato's own frequent expression, borrowed [151] from his old Eleatic teachers, which reduce "the Many to the One."		
It is like people at supperparties he said (very Attic supper      parties!)		
In fact the surprise of Saint Paul, as a practical man, at the slightness of the reward for which a Greek spent himself, natural as it is about all pagan perfection, is especially applicable about these Lacedaemonians, who indeed had actually invented that so "corruptible" and essentially worthless parsley crown in place of the more tangible prizes of an earlier age.		
The presence, then, the ascendancy amid actual things, of the royal or philosophic nature, as Plato thus conceives itthat, and nothing else, will be the generating force, the seed, of the City of the Perfect, as he conceives it: this place, in which the great things of existence, known or divined, really fill the soul.		
See above, notes for pages 6, 14, 15, and 16.		
Is it possible, and under what conditionsthis disinterestedness on the part of those who might do what they will as with their own, this indifference, this surrender, not of one's goods and [260] time only, but of one's last resource, one's very home, for "the greatest happiness of the greatest number."		
Liddell and Scott definition: "grow[ing] quite weary."		
So it may be.		
+Transliteration: pleista eidê.		
For this in truth      is the right method of proceeding towards the doctrine of love,      or of being conducted therein by another,beginning from these      beautiful objects here below ever to be going up higher, with      that other beauty in view; using them as steps of a ladder;      mounting from the love of one fair person to the love of two;      and from the love of two to the love of all; and from the love      of beautiful persons to the love of beautiful employmentskala      epitêdeumata+ (that means being a soldier, or a priest, or a      scholar) and from the love of beautiful employments to the love      of beautiful kinds of knowledge; till he passes from degrees of      knowledge to that knowledge which is the knowledge of nothing      else save the absolute Beauty itself, and knows it at length as      in itself it really is.		
The secrecy again, that characteristic silence of which the philosopher of music was,  perhaps not inconsistently, a lover, which enveloped the entire action of the Pythagoreans, and had indeed kept Pythagoras himself, as some have thought, from committing his thoughts to writing at all, was congruous with such monkish discipline.		
Or it lapses into "eristic"into an argument for its own sake; or sinks into logomachy, a mere dispute about words.		
Conversely to that absoluteness and necessity which Plato himself supposes in all real knowledge, as "the spectacle of all time and all existence," it might seem that the only sort of truth attainable by his actual method, must be the truth of a particular time and place, for one and not for another.		
173.		
For in truth to [68] seek and to learn is wholly      Recollection.		
It was neither the playful pretence which some have supposed; nor yet an insoluble mystery; but only what happens naturally to a really diffident spirit in great and still more in small matters which at this or that taxing moment seem to usurp the determination of great issues.		
an ornament...; III.		
[74] Happy, those days, he declares,      Before I understood this place,      Appointed for my second race;      Or taught my soul to fancy ought      But a white celestial thought;      When yet I had not walked above      A mile or two from my first love;      But felt through all this fleshly dress      Bright shoots of everlastingness.		
The verb agô means "lead or drive."		
Unto Thee may all flesh speak: for we are Thy offspring.		
Apology, 38.		
.		
O!		
The seated figure, much mutilated, and worn by long exposure, yet possessing, according to the best critics, marks of the school of Praxiteles, is almost undoubtedly the image of Demeter enthroned.		
Her shadowy eyes have gazed upon the fainter colouring of the under world, and the tranquillity, born of it, has "passed into her face"; for the Greek Hades is, after all, but a quiet, twilight place, not very different from that House of Fame where Dante places the great souls of the classical world; Aidoneus himself being conceived, in the highest Greek sculpture, as but a gentler Zeus, the great innkeeper; so that when a certain Greek sculptor had failed in his portraiture of Zeus, because it had too little hilarity, too little, in the eyes and brow, of the open and cheerful sky, he only changed its title, and the thing passed excellently, with its heavy locks and shadowy eyebrows, for the god of the dead.		
It is on the butterfly wing of such an incidentthe lovesick daughter of the artist, who outlines on the wall the profile of her lover as he sleeps in the lamplight, to keep by her in absencethat the name of Butades the potter has come down to us.		
But at Pella persons of high birth took part in the exercise, and at a later period we read in Plutarch how Olympias, the mother of Alexander the Great, was devoted to this enthusiastic worship.		
Now try to conceive the image of an actual person, in whom, somehow, all those impressions of the vine and its fruit, as the highest type of the life of the green sap, had become incorporate;all the scents and colours of its flower and fruit, and [38] something of its curling foliage; the chances of its growth; the enthusiasm, the easy flow of more choice expression, as its juices mount within one; for the image is eloquent, too, in word, gesture, and glancing of the eyes, which seem to be informed by some soul of the vine within it: as Wordsworth says, Beauty born of murmuring sound Shall pass into her face so conceive an image into which the beauty, "born" of the vine, has passed; and you have the idea of Dionysus, as he appears, entirely fashioned at last by central Greek poetry and art, and is consecrated in the Oinophoria and the Anthestêria,+ the great festivals of the Winepress and the Flowers.		
The peaceful homes of men, scattered about the land, in their securityDemeter represents these fruits of the earth also, not without a suggestion of the white cities, which shine upon the hills above the waving fields of corn, seats of justice and of true kingship.		
That greater bully had laboured off on the world's highway, carrying with him the official girdle of Antiope, their queen, gift of Ares, and therewith, it would seem, the mystic secret of their strength.		
So here, in this fantastic scene our thoughts are changed in a moment by the singing of the chorus, and divert for a while to the darkhaired tresses of the wood; the breath of the riverside is upon us; beside it, a fawn escaped from the hunter's net is flying swiftly in [75] its joy; like it, the Maenad rushes along; and we see the little head thrown back upon the neck, in deep aspiration, to drink in the dew.		
Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1914.		
Where must I stand and shake my white locks?"		
Centaur and Amazon, as we see them in the fine art of Greece, represent the regret of Athenians themselves for something that could never be brought to life again, and have their pathos.		
It is an image of ancient life, its pleasure and business.		
Such a world, the world of really imaginative Greek sculpture, we still see, reflected in many a humble vase or battered coin, in Bacchante, and Centaur, and Amazon; [36] evolved out of that "vasty deep"; with most command, in the consummate fragments of the Parthenon; not, indeed, so that he who runs may read, the gifts of Greek sculpture being always delicate, and asking much of the receiver; but yet visible, and a pledge to us, of creative power, as, to the worshipper, of the presence, which, without that material pledge, had but vaguely haunted the fields and groves.		
She ventures sadly to assure him of the harsh necessities of life: "Courage, child!		
Thereupon, all the lad's wholesome vanity had centered on the fancy of the worldfamous games then lately established, as, smiling down his mother's terrors, and grateful to his celestial mother for many a hairbreadth escape, he practised day by day, fed the animals, drove them out, amused though companionless, visited them affectionately in the deserted stone stables of the ancient king.		
Liddell and Scott definition: "favour, grace ...		
somehow, she too, as powerless to help him; till he lay sick at last, battling one morning, unaware of his mother's presence, with the feverish creations of the brain; the giddy, foolish wheel, the foolish song, of Phaedra's chapel, spinning there with his heart bound thereto.		
Theogony.		
*The great Greek myths are, in truth, like abstract forces, which ally themselves to various conditions.		
But in the development of a common mythological motive the various peoples are subject to the general limitations of their life and thought; they can but work outward what is within them; and the religious conceptions and usages, ultimately derivable from one and the same rudimentary instinct, are sometimes most diverse.		
But the mortal may not behold him and live.		
The abstract poet of that first period of mythology, creating in this wholly impersonal, intensely spiritual way,the abstract spirit of poetry itself, rises before the mind; and, in speaking of this poetical age, we must take heed, before all things, in no sense to misconstrue the poets.		
So that the idea of a sort of soft dalliance mingles, in his character, so unlike that of the Christian leader, Saint George, with the idea of savage, warlike impulses; the fair, soft creature suddenly raging like a storm, to which, in its various wild incidents, war is constantly likened in Homer; the effects of delicate youth and of tempest blending, in Ares, into one expression, not without that cruelty which mingles also, like the influence of some malign fate upon him, with the finer [266] characteristics of Achilles, who is a kind of merely human double of Ares.		
The Iliad and the Odyssey, the earliest pictures of that heroic life, represent it as already delighting itself in the application of precious material and skilful handiwork to personal and domestic adornment, to the refining and beautifying of the entire outward aspect of life; above all, in the lavish application of very graceful metalwork to such purposes.		
The object placed in the hand may be, perhaps, a stiff, archaic flower, but is probably the partly consumed pomegranateone morsel gone; the most usual emblem of Persephone being this mystical fruit, which, because of the multitude of its seeds, was to the Romans a symbol of fecundity, and was sold at the doors of the temple of Ceres, that the women might offer it there, and bear numerous children; and so, to the middle age, became a symbol of the fruitful earth itself; and then of that other seed sown in the dark underworld; and at last of that whole hidden region, so thickly sown, which Dante visited, Michelino painting him, [151] in the Duomo of Florence, with this fruit in his hand, and Botticelli putting it into the childish hands of Him, who, if men "go down into hell, is there also."		
cunning."		
As regards Italian art, the sculpture and paintings of the earlier Renaissance, the aesthetic value of this naïveté is now well understood; but it has its value in Greek sculpture also.		
*Od.		
Those three phases, then, which are more or less discernible in all mythical development, and constitute a natural order in it, based on the necessary conditions of human apprehension, are fixed more plainly, perhaps, than in any other passage of Greek mythology in the story of Demeter.		
Shut within the narrow enclosure of these shadowy citadels were the palaces of the kings, with all that intimacy which we may sometimes suppose to have been alien from the openair Greek life, admitting, doubtless, below the cover of their rough walls, many of those refinements of princely life which the Middle Age found possible in such places, and of which the impression is so fascinating in Homer's description, for instance, of the house of Ulysses, or of Menelaus at Sparta.		
Its function is to give visible aesthetic expression to the constituent parts of that ideal.		
There was something of his old miraculous kindred, alien from this busy new world he came to, about the boyish driver with the fame of a scholar, in his grey fleecy cloak and hood of soft [175] white woollen stuff, as he drove in that morning.		
69.		
The antiquarian, dealing, letter by letter, with what is recorded of them, has left few certain data for the reflexion of the modern student of the Greek religion; and of this, its central solemnity, only a fragmentary picture can be made.		
The reader does not need to be reminded that the Greeks, vivid as was their consciousness of this life, cared much always for the graves of the dead; that to be cared for, to be honoured, in one's grave, to have tymbos amphipolos,+ a frequented tomb, as Pindar says, was a considerable motive with them, even among the young.		
The Homeric hymn [114] is the central monument of this second phase.		
Out in the fresh fields, she yields to the embraces of Iasion, to the extreme jealousy of Zeus, who slays her mortal lover with lightning.		
To the surprise of all he compounded his handsome prize for the old wooden image taken from the chapel at home, lurking now in an obscure shrine in the meanest quarter of the town.		
That version, embodied in a supposed Orphic poem, The Occultation of Dionysus, is represented only by the details that have passed from it into the almost endless Dionysiaca of Nonnus, a writer of the fourth century; and the imagery has to be put back into the shrine, bit by bit, and finally incomplete.		
Duly he returned to Athens, early astir, for the last time, to restore the forfeited gifts, drove back his gaily painted chariot to leave there behind him, actually enjoying the drive, going home on foot poorer than ever.		
*There were some who suspected Dionysus of a secret democratic interest; though indeed he was liberator only of men's hearts, and eleuthereus only because he never forgot Eleutherae, the little place which, in Attica, first received him.		
On the other hand, there was that limiting, controlling tendency, [35] identified with the Dorian influence in the history of the Greek mind, the spirit of a severe and wholly selfconscious intelligence; bent on impressing everywhere, in the products of the imagination, the definite, perfectly conceivable human form, as the only worthy subject of art; less in sympathy with the mystical genealogies of Hesiod, than with the heroes of Homer, ending in the entirely humanised religion of Apollo, the clearly understood humanity of the old Greek warriors in the marbles of Aegina.		
Here, in what Euripides really says, in what we actually see on the stage, as we read his play, we are dealing with a single real object, not with uncertain effects of many halffancied objects.		
Her friendly intervention at the act of birth everywhere, her claim upon the nursling, among tame and wild creatures equally, among men as among gods, nay!		
This tragedy of the Bacchanalsa sort of masque or morality, as we saya monument as central for the legend of Dionysus as the Homeric hymn for that of Demeter, is unique in Greek literature, and has also a singular interest in the life of Euripides himself.		
(Liddell and Scott.)		
Paris alone bears his dainty trappings, characteristically,a coat of golden scalework, the scales set on a lining of canvas or leather, shifting deftly over the delicate body beneath, and represented on the gable by the gilding, or perhaps by real gilt metal.		
And the Cyclopes, like all the early mythical names of artists, have this note of reality, that they are names not of individuals but of classes, the guilds or companies of workmen in which a certain craft was imparted and transmitted.		
The aesthetic critic needs always to be on his guard against the confusion of mere curiosity or antiquity with beauty in art.		
And it is just at this point that the divine child, [61] supposed to have perished at his mother's side in the flames, returns to his birthplace, grown to manhood.		
The earth and the heavenly bodies are upon this boss in the centre, like a little distant heaven hung above the broad world, and from this Homer works out, round and round, to the river Oceanus, which forms the border of the whole; the subjects answering to, or supporting each other, in a sort of heraldic orderthe city at peace set over against the city besieged spring, summer, and autumn balancing each otherquite congruously with a certain heraldic turn common in contemporary Assyrian art, which delights in [203] this sort of conventional spacing out of its various subjects, and especially with some extant metal chargers of Assyrian work, which, like some of the earliest Greek vases with their painted plants and flowers conventionally arranged, illustrate in their humble measure such heraldic grouping.		
And who, everywhere, has not felt the mystical influence of that prolonged silence, the mystic silence, from which the very word "mystery" has its origin?		
Yes!		
It was this character, suggesting the belief in an actual connexion with the interior of the earth (local tradition claiming it as the scene of the stealing of Persephone), which probably gave rise, as in other cases where the landscape presented some peculiar feature in harmony with the story, to the dedication upon it of a house and an image of Demeter, with whom were associated Kore and "the gods with Demeter" hoi theoi para Damatri+Aidoneus, and the mystical or Chthonian Dionysus.		
Their mother bade them return, and hire the woman for a great price; and they, like the hinds or young heifers leaping in the fields in spring, fulfilled with the pasture, holding up the folds of their raiment, sped along the hollow roadway, their hair, in colour like the crocus, floating about their shoulders as they went.		
If the golden images move like living creatures, and the armour of Achilles, so [205] wonderfully made, lifts him like wings, this again is because the imagination of Homer is really under the stimulus of delightful artistic objects actually seen.		
And as this period begins with the chest of Cypselus, so it ends with a work in some respects similar, also seen and described by Pausaniasthe throne, as he calls it, of the Amyclaean Apollo.		
In Cyprus her worship is connected with an architecture, not colossal, but full of dainty splendourthe art of the shrinemaker, the maker of reliquaries; the art of the toilet, the toilet of Aphrodite; the Homeric hymn to Aphrodite is full of all that; delight in which we have seen to be characteristic of the true Homer.		
The body of man, indeed, was for the Greeks, still the genuine work of Prometheus; its connexion with earth and air asserted in many a legend, not shaded down, as with us, through innumerable stages of descent, but direct and immediate; in precise contrast to our physical theory of our life, which never seems to fade, dream over it as we will, out of the light of common day.		
'Lead me,' answered the goddess; 'you have found out the secret of moving me;' and she arose from the stone, and followed the old man; and as they went he told her of the sick child at homehow he is restless with pain, and cannot sleep.		
The Aegean, with its islands, is, then, a bond of union, not a barrier; and we must think of Greece, as has been rightly said, as its whole continuous shore.		
Then one of them lifted the child from the earth, and wrapped it in her bosom, and another hastened to her mother's chamber to awake her: they came round the child, and washed away the flecks of the fire from its panting body, and kissed it tenderly all about: but the anguish of the child ceased not; the arms of other and different nurses were about to enfold it.		
Some time before the twentyninth Olympiad, Butades of Sicyon, the potter, settled there.		
The youthful god has nowhere said decisively that he will have none but young men in his sacred dance.		
A giddy sonorous scene of portents and surprises followsa distant, exaggerated, dramatic reflex of that old thundering tumult of the festival in the vineyardin which Dionysus reappears, miraculously set free from his bonds.		
141.		
+Transliteration: deisidaimones.		
But the sisters, hearing its piteous cries, leapt from their beds and ran to it.		
So it must needs be in a world where, even hand in hand with a godassisted hero, Justice goes blindfold.		
But nowhere in all this various and exquisite world of design is there as yet any adequate sense of man himself, nowhere is there an insight into or power over human form as the expression of human soul.		
She is the most definite embodiment of all those fluctuating mystical instincts, of which Gaia,* the mother of the earth's gloomier offspring, is a vaguer and mistier one.		
These strange personsDemeter and Persephonethese marvellous incidents the translation into Hades, the seeking [93] of Demeter, the return of Persephone to her,lend themselves to the elevation and correction of the sentiments of sorrow and awe, by the presentment to the senses and the imagination of an ideal expression of them.		
Effects of this we may note in that sculpture [268] of Aegina, not merely in the simplicity, or monotony even, of the whole composition, and in the exact and formal correspondence of one gable to the other, but in the simple readiness with which the designer makes the two second spearmen kneel, against the probability of the thing, so as just to fill the space he has to compose in.		
Afterwards, and it is now that her most characteristic attributes begin to concentrate themselves, [103] she separates herself from these confused relationships, as specially the goddess of agriculture, of the fertility of the earth when furthered by human skill.		
Meantime Phaedra's young children draw from the seemingly unconscious finger the marriagering, set it spinning on the floor at his feet, and the staid youth places it for a moment on his own finger for safety.		
Some ingenious attempts have been made to restore the grouping of the scenes, with a certain formal expansion or balancing of subjects, their figures and dimensions, in true Assyrian manner, on the front and sides.		
The masks suspended on base or cornice, so familiar an ornament in later Greek architecture, are the little faces hanging from the vines, and moving in the wind, to scare the birds.		
That Zeus is, in earliest, original, primitive intention, the open sky, across which the thunder sometimes sounds, and from which the rain descendsis a fact which not only explains the various stories related concerning him, but determines also the expression which he retained in the work of Pheidias, so far as it is possible to recall it, long after the growth of those later stories had obscured, for the minds of his worshippers, his primary signification.		
There are touches of reality, for instance, in Homer's incidental notices of its instruments and processes; especially as regards the working of metal.		
Shift not thy body so vehemently.		
244.		
But neither man nor god would tell her the truth; nor did any bird come to her as a sure messenger.		
