Fraulein Rottenmeier took the seat beside her and made a sign to Heidi to take the one opposite.		
Then she let the child go, and Heidi ran into the next room, and bid Peter come quickly, for it had now grown quite dark.		
Heidi climbed up the steep path from Dorfli as quickly as she could; she was obliged, however, to pause now and again to take breath, for the basket she carried was rather heavy, and the way got steeper as she drew nearer the top.		
During the first few days that this happened every room and corner was searched in great alarm, to see if anything had been stolen, for the general idea was that a thief had been hiding in the house and had gone off in the night with the stolen goods; but not a thing in the house had been touched, everything was safe in its place.		
Clara immediately screamed out that she could not remain another minute alone, her father must come home, and Fraulein Rottenmeier must sleep in her room at night, and Heidi too must not be left by herself, for the ghost might do something to her.		
They started talking again.		
"Here's a state of things!"		
Heidi ran back quickly and gave Peter her hand, promising to go with him, and then making her way through the goats she once more clasped Snowflake round the neck, saying in a gentle soothing voice, "Sleep well, Snowflake, and remember that I shall be with you again tomorrow, so you must not bleat so sadly any more."		
So the autumn and winter passed, and again the sun came shining down on the white walls of the opposite houses, and Heidi would think to herself that now the time had come for Peter to go out again with the goats, to where the golden flowers of the cistus were glowing in the sunlight, and all the rocks around turned to fire at sunset.		
"No, she always gives it back to Peter, telling him it is too hard, for I have seen her do it myself," affirmed Heidi.		
Brigitta went with her to the door, and there said in rather a mysterious voice, "You might have kept on your dress, he would have known you all right; but you must be careful, for Peter tells me that AlmUncle is always now in a bad temper and never speaks."		
"Did you see any other?"		
Peter now understood the drift of the old man's questions and that he was the boy who behaved like the unruly goats, and he looked somewhat fearfully towards the corner to see if anything happened to be there such as he used himself on such occasions for the punishment of his animals.		
"Who is the old goat?"		
Peter looked towards the cupboard where the bread and cheese were kept and said crossly, "I never said that I should forget the X."		
Tinette disappeared, but soon came back and called down again to Dete, "Come up, she is expecting you."		
He thought his eyes must deceive him, and yet there she was and no mistake about it.		
Then Herr Sesemann returned to Clara, and begged her to have no more fear, as he would soon find out all about the ghost and put an end to it.		
"Child, what does this mean?"		
"Do what, Peter?"		
You must milk two bowlfuls for her when she has her dinner, for she is going with you and will remain with you till you return this evening; but take care she does not fall over any of the rocks, do you hear?"		
In the large space between the stove and the wall four planks had been put together as if to make a large receptacle for apples; there were no apples, however, inside, but something Heidi had no difficulty in recognising, for it was her very own bed, with its hay mattress and sheets, and sack for a coverlid, just as she had it up at the hut.		
"I will begin by explaining to you how you are to conduct yourself at table," and she went on to give Heidi minute instructions as to all she was to do.		
She would run away repeatedly from whatever she might be doing, to listen to them, for nothing seemed so strange and wonderful to her as the deep mysterious sound in the tops of the trees.		
"Grandfather, you will be able to do something, won't you, so that it need not be as Clara says, and so that she is not obliged to go home?"		
"No, I would rather not," replied Heidi firmly.		
And Heidi took the rolls from the basket and piled the whole twelve up on grandmother's lap.		
"What is the matter?"		
"Oh, no, grandfather, we can go back, for grandmamma told me so, and so it was in the beautiful tale in my bookbut you have not heard that yet; but we shall be home directly now, and then I will read it you, and you will see how beautiful it is."		
She had quite expected a long and private account of some terrible ghostly experience of his during the night, which she would have enjoyed hearing about in the broad daylight.		
Am I not right, General?"		
exclaimed the grandmother in surprise.		
the sun is up!		
This foe was indeed the prospect of the arrival of the Frankfurt visitors, the thought of whom filled him with exasperation.		
Peter remarked scornfully, "I dare say, when no one knows even where such people live."		
"Sesemann," replied the doctor, "consider what you are doing!		
He was as well versed also in the ways of the animals, great and small, and had many amusing anecdotes to tell of these dwellers in caves and holes and in the tops of the fir trees.		
He went like lightning, and when he reached Dorfli, which stood on the direct road to Mayenfeld, he made up his mind to go on further, for he was sure he could not stop his rapid descent without hurting himself and the sleigh too.		
Then came the picture where he was seen far away from his father's house, obliged to look after the swine, and he had grown pale and thin from the husks which were all he had to eat.		
The old woman gave a little sigh.		
The grandfather carried the cakes and the shawl and the large sausage, and the doctor took Heidi's hand, so they all three started down the mountain.		
"You must put your arm out in the shape of a ring, and Clara must put hers through it and lean her weight upon you, and whatever you do, don't let your arm give way; like that.		
But Heidi gave her grandfather no peace till he consented to do what she wanted; she slept a great deal better, she said, on her bed of hay than on her fine pillowed bed in Frankfurt.		
"That's right, eat what you can!"		
When at last she saw that Heidi was growing calmer, she said, "Now I want you to tell me something.		
"Go along now and get into your bath while I go and get some milk; when we are together at supper I will tell you all about it."		
"When grandmother goes away, I shall want you to stay on with me."		
The grandmother took the child's hand in hers and held it closely.		
And Clara found a strange new pleasure in sitting all alone like this on the mountain side, her only companion a little goat that looked to her for protection.		
Then Heidi went on to give him an account of the whole day, and of how delightful it had all been, and particularly described the fire that had burst out everywhere in the evening.		
"Yes, sir," replied Sebastian, "I will see to the matter as you wish."		
And then this one gets into trouble, and cries, 'Save me, God, for there is none other to help me,' and God says, 'Why did you go from Me; I could not help you when you ran away.'		
"Twopence."		
As long ago as when his son Tobias was a child AlmUncle had rented the tumble down old place.		
The two men could not help laughing, and the doctor answered that he should never have thought it.		
At last, after a great deal of persuasion from Fraulein Rottenmeier, Sebastian and John plucked up courage and agreed to sit up one night in the room next to the large councilchamber and to watch and see what would happen.		
She was not allowed, however, a very long interval of time for consideration, for suddenly the sound of a frightful crash was heard in the study, followed by frantic cries for Sebastian.		
The boy said nothing but pointed his finger at Heidi.		
You keep up your courage!		
But now we must have a little talk together, so dry your tears and come and stand in front of me, so that I may see you wellthere, now we are happy again."		
The door was doubly locked at night, and for further security the wooden bar was fastened across it; but it was no goodnext morning the door again stood open.		
All of a sudden, before Heidi expected it, a voice called out, "Mayenfeld."		
"Don't you want to hear more about it?"		
Meanwhile it had been growing dark, and he had hardly come down from the roof and dragged the sleigh out from behind the goatshed when Heidi appeared outside.		
At last she found voice to call loudly, "Tinette!		
It was not a feeding place of theirs, for they did not care to graze on flowers.		
A handsome bookcase with glass doors explained why it was called the study, and here evidently the little girl was accustomed to have her lessons.		
After a few minutes' silence, Heidi asked, "What could I take back to her?"		
He gave a little laugh.		
"Yes I did; it is quite fresh.		
"I assure you, Peter," replied Heidi, "grandfather knows all about them.		
Grandmamma being now seated on her sturdy animal, Uncle took the bridle to lead her down the steep mountain path; she begged him not to come far with her, but he insisted on seeing her safely as far as Dorfli, for the way was precipitous and not without danger for the rider, he said.		
The doctor found great pleasure in his companion's conversation, and was astonished at his knowledge of the plants that grew on the mountain: he knew the uses of them all, from the aromatic fir trees and the dark pines with their scented needles, to the curly moss that sprang up everywhere about the roots of the trees and the smallest plant and tiniest flower.		
The old woman had detected that Heidi was frightened and was anxious to set her mind at ease.		
here is some one," exclaimed Herr Sesemann, "who will help to clear up matters for me.		
"But if it is God Himself who has sent the trouble, what can we say to Him then?"		
Then Heidi told him of the mountain with the great snowfield, and how it had been on fire, and had turned rosyred and then all of a sudden had grown quite pale again and all the color had disappeared.		
"Why, you don't know anything about it, I see," laughed Herr Sesemann.		
So he might take his time about returning, which he did, and reached Dorfli just as Heidi had got home from school and was sitting at dinner with her grandfather.		
THE WINTER CONTINUES Peter arrived punctually at school the following day.		
Heidi then described to him the rocky mountain with the two high peaks so exactly that the grandfather was delighted.		
said Clara hesitatingly, but she followed Heidi's advice and ventured one firm step on the ground and then another; she called out a little as she did it; then she lifted her foot again and went on, "Oh, that was less painful already," she exclaimed joyfully.		
Why have you left off praying?"		
It was already dark, when Elsbeth finally came to herself and could think of her child.		
"I think I will go to the pastor, who has already given me advice," said his mother, delighted to have found a way out of the difficulty.		
So they hurried back to the house, took a little bread and milk and started on their way again.		
But then he ran right away in order to get back without being wet, and did not trouble himself further about the boy.		
"Yes, yes, I saw it, Toni," replied his mother with a sigh, "but did you hear what the woodcarver said?"		
Then the man took the wooden jug, swung the milkpail on his back and went out.		
For five years the family lived in harmony and undisturbed peace.		
The herdsman turned off to the left with the big herd, and the man went with Toni up towards the right, followed by the smaller herd, which consisted of fewer cows but many young cattle, for not many cows could be kept on the small mountain pasture, because the milk had to be carried across to the big one where the herdsman's hut stood.		
He received no answer.		
Toni was so alarmed he could hardly breathe.		
Toni followed him.		
The mother ran to her Toni and tried to seize his hand.		
It was not long before the work was finished.		
"Oh, my God!"		
The last rays of the setting sun fell across the meadows and the sound of the evening bells came up from Kandergrund.		
His mother too began to consider.		
The wrestlers would often call to him: "Come and play!"		
He can go up to the small mountain with the cows.		
"Now I will try one thing more," he said one morning to his wife.		
He quickly tried to draw them, too, with his pencil and at home continued drawing the animals again and again as long as he had a bit of paper.		
The farmer harnessed immediately, glad that further responsibility was taken from him and he had only to carry Toni as far as the railway.		
repeated the doctor over and over again.		
She had had only the one child and could so well understand the mother's trouble.		
But all around both pastures great dark masses of mountains looked down, some rocky, gray and jagged, others covered with snow, all reaching up to the sky, so high and mighty and with such different peaks and horns and some with such broad backs, that it almost seemed to Toni as if they were enormous giants, each one having his own face and looking down at him.		
She forgot everything around her.		
Thus the years passed by.		
Then suddenly the thought came to him that if they were of wood they could stand.		
Now we are going for Father!"		
The farmer was very friendly, and thought her goat was now by far one of the finest, because she had had good fodder so long.		
"Don't go to the farmer!		
Has he no taste for some other occupation?		
Then she started down to Interlaken.		
But when Elsbeth asked after her Toni, he broke off abruptly and said he had so much to do, she must go to the Pastor, for he would have the best knowledge about the boy.		
Don't you know your mother any more?"		
"Can't you speak?		
Many days of thunder storms followed, one after another and if the sun came out between, it burned unbearably, and new storms followed so unceasingly and violent, that the herdsman, on the other mountain often said that he had not known such a summer for years, and if it didn't change he wouldn't make half so much butter as in former summers, because the cows gave no milk, as they didn't like the fodder.		
So the time passed.		
But that really cannot be.		
The man came and went.		
It was very hard for him to leave his mother and remain away from her so much.		
Near the hut in the little shed was the goat, the milk of which supplied food for the mother and child, while the father received his board through the week on the farms where he worked from morning until night.		
Then lively little Marie jumped down from her chair and came to Toni with a large piece of bread and butter.		
Then the pastor sat down, wrote a letter and said to the herdsman's boy: "Go back to the Matten farm and tell the farmer to harness his little carriage and send it to me, and then I will see that Toni goes today to Bern.		
Toneli repeated the prayer.		
Soon the doctor appeared, and after he had prepared the mother not to expect Toni to speak at the first moment, he brought him in.		
He had no greater wish than to see his mother happy and contented.		
There stood a little hut.		
Toni was never so content as when he was sitting in the little stone hut with his carving and his mother came in and out happily employed, always saying a kindly word to him and finally sat down beside him at her spinningwheel.		
The child obeyed.		
The pastor received her very cordially, had her sit down beside him and enquired with interest about her affairs, for he knew Elsbeth and how bravely she had helped herself through all the hard times.		
He was not accustomed to the ways of the other boys since he had been constantly alone with his quietly working mother and used to performing definite tasks continually without any noise.		
Don't forget to pray, when the day begins, and when it ends, and the dear Lord will not forget you, and His protection is better than that of men."		
He called up to the boy, but received no answer.		
"I must go to him; I must help him and see about bringing him home."		
When his mother finished speaking, the woodcarver said it seemed to him as if she thought the affair would half go of itself, but it was not so.		
"Oh, my Lord," exclaimed Elsbeth, "many hundred times I have repeated it beside his little bed, when he was very small, often with many tears, and he would weep too, when he didn't know why."		
Toni and the man stepped inside.		
The necessary expense of board and instruction was beyond anything that she could manage, so much so that it was quite out of the question.		
She spoke kindly to him and invited him to come to the table and eat something with her children.		
The mother put on her shawl, tied on her best apron and stepped out of the house.		
A king couldn't have anything better."		
When he had been four weeks in the sanitarium all hope disappeared, for the doctor had exhausted every means.		
He still clung to her with the same love, helped her in every way as well as he could and spent his life beside her, entirely at his quiet occupation, in which he gradually acquired a quite gratifying skill.		
It is wholly inconceivable, quite incomprehensible!"		
"I have written to my friend, the Pastor, and asked him if the boy was very much attached to his mother, and if so, to send for her right away.		
They had become perfectly quiet.		
If you will only let me be a woodcarver, I will work so hard, that I will earn enough, and you will not have to do so much, and then I can stay at home with you.		
The one he had with him was a strong, sturdy fellow of sixteen years.		
Toni had long since fled into the hut, but the lightning showed him the frightful forms and it seemed every minute as if the rolling thunder would overthrow the hut to the ground.		
Elsbeth stepped up to him.		
Then he came out again, sat down on the ground and carved on a piece of wood he had in his pocket, for although he no longer dared to cherish the hope of becoming a woodcarver, yet he could not help carving for himself as well as he could.		
"Then we will go too," replied Toneli, starting "Yes, yes, we shall go there too," promised his mother, "but now we must first go home to the stone hut," and without a word she went with the little one back to the silent cottage.		
The herd had already been climbing the mountain for several hours.		
Toneli remained unmoved.		
He thought of his mother, where she was now and how she was in the habit of standing with him at this time in front of the little cottage and talking so pleasantly.		
In the first week of September the last guests left the hotel in Interlaken where Elsbeth had spent the summer.		
"See, you must do so," and the little girl bit a good piece from the bread and held it to him, then again a little nearer, so he only needed to bite into it.		
On the other rock stood a hunter, his gun hanging by his side, and his hat, with even a feather in it, sat on his head, all so finely carved, that one would think it must be a real hat and a real little feather, and yet all was of wood.		
"Now I understand how he was aroused by these words.		
Here lived the honest daylaborer Toni, who conducted himself well in every farmhouse, where he went to work, for he was quiet and industrious, punctual at his tasks, and reliable in every way.		
"That is fortunate," continued the farmer.		
He drew back and pressed into the corner staring into vacancy.		
The little one was still sitting beside her on the ground, with both hands pressed to his eyes, and sobbing pitifully.		
The mother found them at last; she had suspected that they had taken refuge in Paula's room.		
"Do tell me, doctor, will her arm be lame?		
Dora!		
and Wili and Lili jumped about more than ever, crying out, "Yes, yes, Rolf wrote it, but we planned it all out and he made the verses, and Jule put up the poles and then we fetched the fir twigs."		
"Well, then try this one, try hard.		
then you are as old as Paula;" said Lili regretfully, who had hoped that Dora would belong to her in every respect, even in age.		
Aunt Ninette was much gratified by this courtesy, and accepted it with pleasure; quite forgetting the noise of the children, which had been so great a bugbear to her.		
"There is just such a dwelling as you describe, now ready for lodgers.		
I had such an experience myself, and the memory of that happy time is dear to me even now!"		
If they had only moved away at once!		
Then Wili repeated after his mother a short prayer, and never had he prayed so earnestly as now, with his heart full of dread for the results of his naughty conduct.		
It was arranged that directly after dinner Dora should go over into the garden, and stay there till late in the evening.		
"I will make you a proposal, my son," said Uncle Titus, as he rose from his seat, and prepared to return to the cottage; "Come to me here every evening, and bring me the fresh set.		
asked the father, when they were at last all busy over their plates.		
"So the years passed, and no thought of coming sorrow and separation crossed our young lives, until one day, when we were nearly twelve years old, my father told meI remember the very spot in the garden where we were standing at that momentthat Mr. Blank, Lili's father, was about to give up his factory and return to Germany.		
But his mother would not admit the resemblance.		
"Now see, mine can," said the little boy, who did not like to be called stupid, and he tied his handkerchief round the neck of the long suffering nutcracker and dragged it after him up and down the room, lifting it up now and then at regular intervals.		
have you quite forgotten your father's verses?"		
"Oh Aunty, look!		
To lose Lili, and to have her lose all her property, were two things which made my life unhappy for a long, long time.		
And from these heavenly messengers the lonely child gained nightly comfort when she climbed to her little chamber in the roof, with her feeble candle for her only companion.		
"Something is amiss," said the man to himself; and taking a long beanpole on his shoulder, in case it should be needed, he followed Schnurri to the washhouse.		
me higher still!"		
The mother was silent; a very sad expression rested upon her face.		
But never again did she dare even to speak of music, no matter how eagerly she had listened to the piano, during her long sewing lessons.		
She came back at once at the sound of her aunt's voice, and took her appointed place at the window where she was to sit and sew all day.		
They carried the bow back to its place in silence.		
We promised to be always true to each other, and to use every effort to meet again; and then we sat down together and composed a last poem, for we had often written verses together.		
But it was a long time before the impression was effaced from the child's imagination.		
He assured her that the wound was doing perfectly well, and that there was not the slightest danger of any permanent stiffness of the arm; though he laughingly owned that he had made the worst of it to Dora, in order to impress her with caution for the future.		
Poor little Dora!		
"No; Miss Hanenwinkel will not teach me another till I have learned my exercises better; but I know what I will do, Dora, just wait till tomorrow, and then I will give you music lessons, and we will learn ever so many tunes.		
"No, Rolf" she said quickly, "thank you very much, but no more tonight.		
"I combine the agreeable with the useful," said Julius gaily, returning his father's embrace.		
Stop!		
"Yes, decidedly;" replied Mrs. Ehrenreich, "we shall move on Monday."		
"I am fully convinced of the absolute necessity of our immediate departure," said Aunt Ninette, with emphasis.		
Dora sprang up hastily when she noticed how dark it had grown, and recollected that her aunt would be expecting her.		
Then followed a long, long winter with its cold and darkness; such cold that Dora often thought that even the hot summer days were better, for she no longer dared to open the window to look for her friends the stars, and often she could hardly get to sleep, it was so cold in the little room, under the roof.		
The consequences may be very serious, and the matter must not be lightly treated.		
The sound of the family coming back from church, added to their embarrassment.		
It looks like an enchanted spot, and now for my favorite appletree."		
But gonocome here to the water.		
The doctor came as quickly as possible.		
You can never sew any more, nor do anything else!		
The idea of this coming freedom almost overcame her with its bewildering delight, after all those long, long days in the seamstress' little, stifling room.		
For I had no such outfit for my dolls as you children have now, no sofas and chairs and other furniture.		
"Why, it can coverwellthe shell covers it."		
He defended himself to the best of his ability.		
He went on down stairs still laughing, and just at the front door met his mother.		
They gathered up their work and books, and returned slowly to the house under the triumphal arch that still spanned the gardendoor of the house.		
But what will be the end if this is the beginning?		
cried his mother, now thoroughly alarmed, for she instantly recalled having seen the doctor hurry by to the cottage when they were at dinner.		
A FRIGHTFUL DEED.		
However, perhaps there would be less noise over the hedge after this, and the windows could be opened!		
and before Dora could protest, the indefatigable riddlemaker declaimed:     "My fickle first is said to be      England's highroad of industry;      But Germany denies the same      And with a Key she makes her claim.		
and he read it aloud.		
Meantime, Schnurri, all drippingwet, ran to the shed where Battiste was shaping beanpoles for the kitchen garden.		
"There, there, I hope I did not hurt you," he said, tapping the frightened child upon the shoulder.		
Lately I have not thought of it at all, but telling you the story of my early friendship, brought it again to my mind.		
Don't go too high up, but stay there six weeks at least.		
"I believe we have a riddlefever, and one catches it from another.		
Her father had told her that God would always help those who trusted him and prayed to him, and she had no fear.		
cried Aunt Ninette in her most plaintive tone, running down the stairs to overtake him.		
Going down stairs, he met Miss Hanenwinkel.		
If your choice falls on the twins, you will be torn in two, and as to little Hunne; if you go with him he will talk you deaf!"		
Those visits seemed to me like prolonged festivals.		
Hunne carefully divided each kernel, giving one half to Jule, while he popped the other into his own little mouth.		
Her timidity came back again, at seeing the parents, for she had expected to see only the children.		
said Uncle Titus tapping the lad kindly on the shoulder.		
Then she explained to Lili that when they had enough water, they could push the spout away from the log, and when they wanted it again, they could lift it up and put it into the log themselves.		
Before she knew it, the time had come, and her aunt said, "Now, Dora, you can go!"		
He rushed back to the house, calling out, "Jule, Paula, did you know that the twins shot a child yesterday?"		
When the widow had talked herself out, Mrs. Birkenfeld asked if she could speak to the lady, and to the little girl who had been hurt.		
Mrs. Ehrenreich wrote immediately, setting forth her wishes at full length and in great detail.		
Here Lili found him, and she planted herself before him with her hands behind her back, just as she had seen her papa stand, when giving orders.		
Her aunt cast a rapid glance from the window, and saw that this was true; everything was dark, even the last lantern extinguished.		
At this moment the big bell rang for supper.		
Early the next day, as Julius was clattering along the passage with his big ridingboots and spurs, he heard the sounds of practising in the schoolroom, and knowing that Miss Hanenwinkel did not give lessons at this hour, he pushed open the door to see what was going on.		
Stop playing with the nuts and I will crack some more for you bye and bye.		
Suddenly a new fear seized them.		
But she did not wake up, except to find that her plate had been loaded with good things, so very real, that all anxiety passed away, and she realized that she was living, and living remarkably well, into the bargain.		
They looked at each other in great fright.		
