Alwa had been in his hut, but he heard the words and came out.		
He fell, as a dead man falls.		
He'd feel them running over him, even when he'd spent an hour picking the bed clean of them by the light of the carbide lantern.		
There was the marigee who would shriek "All is lost!" He had shot at it a hundred times with his needle gun, but always it flew away unharmed.		
Voices in and of the night.		
The gleam of firelight upon their bodies, and the waiting drummer.		
But the gun was in his hand when, at dusk, he strode into the compound.		
"All Earthlings come from the sky.		
Now there were a dozen marigees that screamed that all was lost.		
He retreated a step to keep beyond their front rank.		
Those sounds, and those alone.		
The race of trees, the pure race of trees that never interbred, that stood firm always.		
They were astonishingly like the ants of Terra.		
I am no longer Number One.		
In the doorway, he turned and said, "We pray for you."		
Number One, hail!"		
"He sought the sea and the beach.		
He grew to hate them, and the very misery of his nights made his days more tolerable by giving them an increasing purpose.		
Click of heels and a salute that once greeted the Caesars, and later the pseudoAryan of the 20th Century, and, but yesterday, he who was now known as the last of the dictators.		
In spite of everything; in spite of his score of ultravicious secret weapons and the last desperate efforts of his weakened armies, most of whose men were under twenty or over forty.		
Utter silence, and at last he was strong enough to let go his grip on the tree and stand erect again, to look about to get his bearings.		
Rocket ships raining hell from the sky, havoc and chaos and the end of hope.		
That had been at the public school meet in the New Los Angeles.		
He could see one edge of the column, and it was a neat, orderly edge.		
But he staggered on, almost blindly, running, writhing, tearing off his clothes as he ran.		
"He is an Earthling, but there have been such before on Venus, many many of them who came long and long ago from the skies.		
But they kept coming back.		
But always there were as many left.		
But stark fear and the memory of unendurable pain drove him on.		
*       *       *       *       * Mr. Smith, a black dot on the dazzling white sand, watched the lifeboat disappear up into the blue, finally into the haze of the upper atmosphere of Venus.		
Screaming with pain, he whirled about and ran, beating with his hands at the burning spots on his body.		
Almost, Mr. Smith forgot people and the solar system and what had been.		
"I am Number One," said Mr. Smith, "and Lord of all the planets.		
But for days and nights he lay without moving and without speaking or opening his eyes, and they did not know whether he would live or die.		
*       *       *       *       * The long days, and the marigees' screams, the slithering swish of the surf, the ghostquiet movements of the baroons in the trees and the raucousness of their shrill voices.		
But they got into his bed, into his clothes, into his food.		
They kept him sane, by giving him something tangible, something inferior, to hate.		
He wet his lips when he read that.		
In some you may receive humane treatment.		
He stood there, swaying, and the incredulous eyes of the natives widened as they saw the condition of his body, and the blankness of his eyes.		
Leagues back of the battered lines, you could feel that hate and vengeance as a tangible thing, a thing that thickened the air, that made breathing difficult and talking futile.		
For the times of silence were louder.		
Nrana listened, but he shook his head.		
He must have killed millions of kifs.		
They bothered his sleep.		
There was a shrill screaming in his ears that must have been the sound of his own voice.		
They seldom went far from their villages; the spaceradar operator who had once occupied the shack reported that he had never seen one of them.		
Bushes and the rough bark of trees tore his flesh.		
He said, "I will serve you, yes.		
And then, he could run no longer, and he clutched a tree to keep from falling, his arms trembling about it, and his face pressed against the impersonal roughness of the bark.		
And the rains came and went away again.		
The presence of others would have forced recognition of his miserably changed status.		
And there was discipline, for the ones on the outside were larger than those in the center.		
Nights he walked the beach, and that night was one of the noisy nights.		
Conrad's voice in his ear, as it had sounded that day when Conrad had walked into the palace, whitefaced, and forgotten the salute.		
He said, "I am Number One, the Lord of all the Solar System, and your ruler.		
He talked on, hoping the Earthling would talk too, and he did not recognize the danger of his silence.		
Others started toward him.		
His throat raw from the screaming invective of his hate.		
"Number One ..." "Silence!"		
His old eyes misted.		
The eyes of the dictator closed.		
Not the bitterness of regret, but of defeat.		
And then came Alwa, the aged chieftain, and Nrana, his son.		
There was no wind, but the tree swayed back and forth and his body with it.		
The man in the greatcoat shrugged.		
Sometimes, fantastic thoughts went through his head.		
Theirs was the passive resistance of a vast productivity that bred kifs ceaselessly, overwhelmingly, billions to replace millions.		
The captain's voice, too, was rigid with unemotion.		
And then, while the women began wailing for the dead, the men made council.		
Drums.		
He looked about with dull eyes that seemed to see nothing and understand nothing.		
Just drums, many miles away, throbbing rhythm for native dances or exorcising, perhaps, the forestnight demons.		
He had foreseen thatthe need for solitude.		
That is all?"		
When, with several of them, he returned to the village, the Earthling was gone.		
And, Captain, your running of the blockade, your securing of fuel en route, have constituted a deed of high valor.		
A pogrom against the kifs.		
He retreated another stepand then, quite suddenly, his body was afire in several spreading places.		
Nrana did not know the words for delirium and paranoia, but he could distinguish between them.		
And the soundit was like the sound of the surf, but it was continuous.		
And then he knew that he had been hearing another sound, hearing it often and long at a time.		
Ahead of the rank that ate away the grass.		
Section  2.		
If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.		
1.E.6.		
Sentry He was wet and muddy and hungry and cold, and he was fifty thousand lightyears from home.		
"I had not thought of it, and it will be interesting to try.		
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenbergtm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERGtm concept and trademark.		
Section 3.		
And then he saw one of them crawling toward him.		
1.F.6.		
Like this damned planet of a star he'd never heard of until they'd landed him there.		
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenbergtm work.		
INDEMNITY  You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenbergtm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenbergtm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenbergtm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenbergtm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.		
1.E.5.		
1.F.1.		
 You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by email) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenbergtm      License.		
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.		
Fifty thousand lightyears from home, fighting on a strange world and wondering if he'd ever live to see home again.		
The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenbergtm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.		
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenbergtm's goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenbergtm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.		
can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.		
"How can you place it there, then?"		
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenbergtm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.		
He was wet and muddy and hungry and cold, and the day was raw with a high wind that hurt his eyes.		
I shall now activate the mechanismby placing the cube on the platformat exactly three o'clock.		
Section 1.		
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.		
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.		
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.		
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.		
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenbergtm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.		
"But," he said, "what if, now that it has already appeared five minutes before you place it there, you should change your mind about doing so and not place it there at three o'clock?		
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenbergtm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenbergtm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.		
It appeared on the platform of the time machine.		
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy.		
When the chips are down, though, it was still the foot soldier, the infantry, that had to take the ground and hold it, foot by bloody foot.		
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.		
But the entire rest of the Universe, professors and all, vanished.		
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.		
1.F.4.		
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.		
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenbergtm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.		
1.E.7.		
You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenbergtm works.		
He drew a bead and fired.		
1.E.8.		
They may be modified and printed and given awayyou may do practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.		
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.		
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.		
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)		
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.		
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenbergtm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenbergtm electronic works.		
He shuddered at the sound and sight of the alien lying there.		
1.F.2.		
A strange blue sun gave light and the gravity, twice what he was used to, made every movement difficult.		
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenbergtm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.		
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.		
If an individual Project Gutenbergtm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.		
asked one of his colleagues.		
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenbergtm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.		
The cube vanished from his hand.		
Very well, I shall not ..." There was no paradox at all.		
1.C.		
Now, planet by bitter planet, it was being fought out.		
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.		
1.F.5.		
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenbergtm collection.		
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenbergtm electronic works.		
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.		
Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that the U.S.     copyright on this publication was renewed.		
But in tens of thousands of years this part of war hadn't changed.		
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenbergtm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.		
Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 5961887, email business@pglaf.org.		
"It will, as my hand approaches, vanish from the platform and appear in my hand to be placed there.		
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.		
If an individual Project Gutenbergtm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.		
Such repulsive creatures they were, with only two arms and two legs, ghastly white skins and no scales.		
"It is six minutes before three o'clock.		
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenbergtm and future generations.		
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenbergtm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.		
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenbergtm electronic works in your possession.		
See paragraph 1.C below.		
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenbergtm Project Gutenbergtm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middleaged and new computers.		
 You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenbergtm works.		
