Even her frugality, her love of order and cleanliness, and the readiness with which she could speak on any subject and ward off anything that irritated her pride, delighted him.		
One angry voice, towering above the rest, shouted: "Mitry Nikolayitchdon't you throw my words back at me!"		
Is it thou, bold madcap.		
I thought you wereonly such a one asand you areforgive me dear!"		
When Ilya returned to the house of Petrusha Filimonov, he discovered with pleasure that he had grown considerably during the time he had spent in the shop.		
cried Lunev angrily.		
Then we will celebrate out misfortune!		
"Here one must reckon in a special way."		
His intimacy with Olympiada, so unexpectedly begun from a woman's whim, rendered Ilya at first quite arrogant.		
Every now and then a whisper was audible.		
Be still my friend and don't complain,     But stuff your mouth with bread again."		
And, if you have a soul, how did it get inside you?		
"Ilya," he shouted, "come and look here on the floor, if you can't find a tenrouble piece!"		
asked Ilya, thoughtfully.		
He hung a white muslin curtain before the window.		
cried Avtonomov as he kissed his wife, and she laughed.		
"Because of that?		
"I'm so sorry to be late," murmured Ilya.		
"Oh, I don't know for whom, for you or for herself, it's all the same!		
"He'll understand up there.		
"What?"		
But the shopman tore it out of his hand, tweaked his nose, and said crossly: "Who said you could do that, fool!"		
Some one ran against him.		
Above all he was the sworn foe of all little girls, and could seldom resist the temptation to pinch them or push them, or pull their hair, and generally make their lives a burden.		
His shoulders twitched, his fingers involuntarily clenched, and a daring boldness awakened in his heart and banished his fear.		
She looked at him, sighed, and went on: "And who desires much, from him also much shall be desired."		
This step is labelled: "Household duties."		
"They'll have you out, or else you yourself will give it up."		
O God!		
Tell us!"		
"Why?"		
"Yes," said Ilya, defiantly.		
"Why do you never come to see us?"		
"He knows that I'm grown up, and can look after myself," answered Masha.		
He went about halfclothed and barefoot, and his beloved old harmonica was always under his arm.		
"She's two children, not three."		
Oh yes."		
But Gratschev maintained his statement.		
His dirty shirt used to slip up on to his hump and leave his naked loins visible.		
was his thought.		
And then Jakov starts in all of a sudden: 'Let me go too,' he says."		
He used not to pray, but would simply stand in some corner and look, without any definite thought, at the worshipping crowd and listen to the singing of the choir.		
"Early next year I'm done."		
I will entertain himshall I?"		
The lad stayed a moment before answering, then went up to Ilya and asked, looking suspiciously round the little room: "What do you want?"		
He felt hot and sick, his face was full of blood, his eyes were strained with the tenseness of their gaze.		
The sound of this conversation seemed to send new strength and courage streaming through him.		
You'll pull me out of the pit.		
Near the door stood a Dutch stove, and along the wall, with its head against the stove a wide bed; opposite the bed a table and two chairs; a third chair stood in front of the window that appeared as a dark spot in the grey wall.		
A lamp burned on the bar, lighting up the bulging teapots and the bottles in the cupboards against the wall.		
Stay a little."		
While mother was alive, he did not drink much."		
What can you say against it?"		
No, don't think that!		
asked Ilya sternly.		
"No need for that; it's coming down in bucketsful.		
answered Kirik lazily.		
His hands moved slackly, his face was despairing, and he spoke slowly in a dull voice.		
"That's to say, you bargained with Him?"		
I shall give up the police altogether, and start as agent or manager in a big business.		
"Why?"		
"Forgive me, brother," said Lunev slowly and heavily, lowering his eyes.		
Ilya had an unpleasant feeling, as though something were crawling over his face.		
"But how did you learn things there?"		
With downcast eyes he sat on his bed and had no inclination to dress.		
through the windows came the sound of lively appeals and applause from Gromov's house.		
Ilya disliked the silence.		
He was ashamed now of his anxiety, and the precaution of the scrap of down seemed foolish and ridiculous.		
Ilya looked at her, and again felt a painful discomfort; but almost immediately the sensation vanished under the influence of new impressions and cares.		
"Goodday!		
See, what a life!"		
Silly boy!		
"He said to me: 'As the chisel needs the stone to gain its sharpness, so man heeds sin, to wear away his soul, and bring it to the dust at the feet of allmerciful God.'"		
Terenti looked hard at him, sighed and said nothing, Jakov met him in Masha's room, and said with a terrified face: "Last night the Ward Superintendent was here; he asked father all about you.		
I'm with you, Vassili is in Siberia in a telegraph office, Sonyka gives lessons.		
it's hot!		
"Can't you really give up brandy?"		
His thoughts flew far away from his own sins.		
Jakov looked once like an anxious nurse at Masha, and turned the lamp down.		
Quick, be quick!"		
A proud selfconfident feeling awakened in him, healing the little wounds that life had dealt his heart.		
"His wife," said Ilya.		
"I don't understand; God help you!"		
"The accordionplayer.		
That's mutiny, brother!...		
"Yes, and we'll all come up here together; and we'll help you to disinfect with a vengeance ... we'll make a bonfire!"		
He was licking his lips, which meant that he was thirsty, and wanted a drink.		
cried Vassili, crushing her in his arms.		
But just remember this, I never got in your way."		
And now it seemed to him that his father was in his way, although he was far away out there, on a stretch of sand, almost lost to view.... Then it seemed to him that Malva was afraid of his father; if she had not been afraid, their conversation would have been quite different Now he seemed to want her, though this morning he had not been thinking about her.		
Jakoff did not want to give twenty kopecks, but he had been warned that he must look out where Sereja was concerned, and must put up with some of his fancies.		
I can see for myself that I am not their equal....		
In the middle of the room the doctor began to dance the Russian national dance with Matrona, whilst Grischka himself played on the accordion and laughed lightheartedly, for the doctor's long legs were quite stiff at the joints, and he stepped in a dignified way like a heron on a bog, by the side of Matrona.		
Already two months!		
In the corridor outside, the attendants' footsteps could be heard hurrying backwards and forwards, and Grigori tried to guess, from the sound of the steps, who was passing.		
He was still watching in the hopes of seeing the boat, when the surface of the sea began to darken.		
he asked, with a frown.		
So that we may be able to work.... And so life goes round in a circle without sense or meaning....		
Well, that's all right.... Just listen now, my friends."		
it doesn't matter!		
The Orloffs sat on in silence.		
Now, be off!"		
At the cape, the halfawakened fishermen were moving about arranging the nets in the boats.		
Unconsciously his thoughts travelled to Matronafor he could talk over everything with her.		
"Not at mine, but at Jakoff's."		
"Let me go, Jakoff," she said quietly, trying to loosen his throbbing arms.		
"You don't say so?and" "About a dozen are getting better, they can already walk about; but they are quite yellow and thin."		
"Get away, or something will happen!"		
Oh, she is nothing to me now!...		
"What a lot of foolish people you are, all of you!		
"You are either drunk, or mad!"		
Can't I take a decision for myself?"		
Ah!...		
cried some one.		
"You can speak openly; don't fear to give trouble.		
that's right!"		
And then, notwithstanding all this, for you to reproach me with not bearing you a child!..."		
Grigori drummed with his fingers on his knee, whilst Matrona watched him and sighed softly.		
And they fell asleep in the middle of the conversation.		
"I am citizen," replied Sereja with pride.		
He was still holding in his hand the twenty kopecks.		
It's enough to drive one mad to think about it!"		
don't I?"		
What is the reason?...		
he cried to himself; and he tried to think only of Sereja.... "What a poisonous lad it was though!...		
What sort of business is this?"		
"Well, as a final word of caution, my friends, use plenty of chloride of lime!"		
"My breasts, they are like Two white swans ..." Her voice rang out over the sea.		
She was silent Jakoff's blue eyes were searching the distance, far out over the sea.		
"Have you quarrelled with Vassili?		
He mocks me, and now you are doing the same ... and you are the two who are the nearest to me.		
The policeofficer moved on one side, and, with a rapid step, a medical student in a white coat entered the Orloffs' dwelling, holding his cap in his hand.		
But do you know yourself what you are doing?		
asked Orloff.		
Sereja had mischievously misled him.		
And he rose and left her.		
The heavy door of the vodkashop, where Orloff and I sat talking, swung backwards and forwards from time to time with a creaking, suggestive sound.		
He swallowed with a look of discontent the vodka which his son had poured out for him, and taking his beard in his hand he tugged at it so hard that his head shook.		
"I have come in to say goodbye to you, my dear friends," said the cook.		
"He bums like a clear fire," she said delighted.		
he exclaimed, in his still youthful ringing alto voice.		
Heaven itself shall rejoice at it!		
What will happen next?"		
We had to repair the house; and there was the sister's marriage.		
He felt himself in the wrong, and pitied her; but recalling the words she had used at first, and which had roused his anger, he replied gruffly "My son has nothing to do in the matter.... And if I have beaten you it was because you deserved it: why did you nag at me?"		
As far as you are concerned it does you no harmquite the reverse.... Have you not been better off since we had cholera in the town?"		
"So this was what was in your mind!"		
"Well, what is it?"		
When Grigori returned it was already dark.		
Wouldn't it be a queer sight?...		
Then he kissed her mouth slowly, and with the sort of noise that he would have made when eating a warm thick soup.		
She could tell by the way he walked that he was in a good temper.		
"She has always been mad.		
The waves moaned.		
no fear!"		
you merry little bird!		
"Yes, my lad," continued Malva, without looking at Jakoff; "I may be tempting, but not for you.... And let me tell you, no one has bought me, I am not the property of your father.		
I shan't be so badly off there; I shall get twenty roubles a month, besides tips, and my keep.		
said Matrona with contrition.		
"Wait a few minutes longer; the moon will soon be up...." "What do I want with the moon?		
cried Jakoff.		
Do you think I can't live without your forgiveness?		
"Tell him what you like," cried Jakoff.		
Struck by this thought, Grigori continued sullenly "The most simple thing would be for you to remain here.		
she said, still laughing.		
Grischka asked his wife, in a hoarse voice.		
When he shouted, the hawk was scared, swept upwards, swung away, and disappeared.		
They called us to come to dinner.		
If he did not want to answer, he would always say "That's another thing."		
XII The illness dried him up still more, burnt something out of him.		
The old magician stands before me, alien to all, a solitary traveller through all the deserts of thought in search of an allembracing truth which he has not foundI look at him and, although I feel sorrow for the loss, I feel pride at having seen the man, and that pride alleviates my pain and grief.		
But you must clearly have read a great deal: now look here, it's dangerous.		
The French have three writers, Stendhal, Balzac, Flaubert; and, well, perhaps Maupassant, though Tchekhov is better than he.		
But God took him away to the life of paradise on the night     Friday to Saturday in Passion week ...' and something like that...." He was silent, and then, nodding his head and smiling faintly, added: "In human stupidity when it is not malicious, there is something very touching, even beautiful....		
But with your peasants in every story everything is revealed: it's a universal council of wisdom.		
I should think you don't understand women; they don't come off with you.		
no."		
Once, when Anton Pavlovitch was walking on the lawn with Alexandra Lvovna, Tolstoi, who at the time was still ill and was sitting in a chair on the terrace, seemed to stretch towards them, saying in a whisper: "Ah, what a beautiful, magnificent man: modest and quiet like a girl!		
Why should not Nature make an exception to her law, give to one man physical immortalitywhy not?		
I said that probably all writers are to some extent inventors, describing people as they would like to see them in life; I also said that I liked active people who desire to resist the evil of life by every means, even violence.		
You are evidently not much of a lady's man.		
Someone, always stolidly stupid as a flatiron, asked: "What do you say?"		
He is like that: if he did something bad, it would be out of pity for someone."		
He gave us the Gospels in order that we might forget the contradictions in Christ; he simplified Christ's image, smoothing away the militant elements and bringing into the foreground the humble "will of Him that sent Him."		
All his life he feared and hated death, all his life there throbbed in his soul the "Arsamaxian terror" must he die?		
Look at lovers, they are all talented."		
X "Friedrich of Prussia said very truly: 'Everyone must save himself in his own way.'		
But to return to Shestov.		
He had in him, I think, the inquisitive, mischievous wildness of a Vaska Buslayev, and also something of the stubbornness of soul of the Protopop Avvakum, while above or at his side lay hidden the scepticism of a Tchaadayev.		
That is a sample of Muscovite Russian, simple and hearty, and here is another, but "freethinkerish": "Leo Nicolayevitch, though I disagree with your religiousphilosophical views, I deeply respect in your person the greatest of artists."		
For the Tiulin above look at the year 1905, and for the Oblomov below look at Count A. N. Tolstoi, I. Bunin, look at everything round about you.		
Saying this, he smiled triumphantly: at times he has the broad, calm smile of a man who has overcome something extremely difficult or from whom some sharp, longgnawing pain has lifted suddenly.		
Surely he has some thoughts of which he is afraid.		
The groom is there, isn't he?		
At last, by God's grace, I am face to face with the greatest son of our native land.		
I once saw him as, perhaps, no one has ever seen him.		
For he realizes that that preaching is not sufficiently convincing; in his diary you will, some day, read good instances of scepticism applied by him to his own preaching and personality.		
"Blue blood," he said, wiping the tears from his eyes, "that's itblue blood.		
Then I walked on tiptoe away in order that the pebbles might not scrunch under my feet, not wishing to distract his thoughts.		
Holiness is attained by flirting with sin, by subduing the will to live.		
I remember my first meeting with him and his talk about "Varienka Oliessova" and "Twentysix and One."		
"That's terrible.		
Not only by the labour of peasant men and women, not only by the taxes they pay, but in the literal sense by their blood.		
[Footnote 1: In Kreutzer Sonata.] [Footnote 2: Words used by quack vets, for the diseases of horses.]		
They had studied life from books written by inventors like themselves, and they thought it a serious business; but it was of no use to a soul."		
... No, not that ..." He began to laugh, and, rolling up the book into a tube, he put it into the big pocket of his blouse.		
She is a filthy girl, and her breasts like pancakes, and all that.		
And the other, the weary one, the moneyloving founder of the familythat's true too.		
XIV Someone sent him an excellent version of the story of Christ's godson.		
Well, now he is probably making his last assault in order to give to his ideas the highest possible significance.		
In his two eyes Leo Nicolayevitch possessed a thousand eyes.		
And when she lies, she does not believe herself; but Rousseau lied and believed his lies."		
XXX How strange that he is so fond of playing cards.		
He, too, seemed to me like an old stone come to life, who knows all the beginnings and the ends of things, who considers when and what will be the end of the stones, the grasses of the earth, of the waters of the sea, and of the whole universe from the pebble to the sun.		
and a doctor of medicine: "The words 'giltchak,' 'potchetchny,' bloodletting,'[2] are they not precisely the same as nerves, rheumatism, organisms, etc.?"		
He is too rational for that and knows life and people too well.		
Then, after a pause, he said seriously: "It was generous in you to strike her like that; any other man would have struck her on the head for that.		
It's written swaggeringly, but it's all right and interesting.		
Suddenly I noticed that there were tears in Tolstoi's eyes, and this confused me and I stopped.		
To a Frenchman woman is everything.		
Sulerzhizky and I wrote down many things which Tolstoi said, but Suler lost his notes when he came to me at Arsamas: he was habitually careless, and although he loved Leo Nicolayevitch like a woman, he behaved towards him rather strangely, almost like a superior.		
"That's politics; that's another thing."		
He's severe ...		
He patted me on the shoulder.		
Here are some more of his words: "The Kaliph Abdurahman had during his life fourteen happy days, but I am sure I have not had so many.		
You remember that Andersen says: 'The gilt will come off and the pigskin will remain'; just as our peasants say: 'Everything will pass away, the truth alone will remain.'		
But I believe it.		
He spoke musingly, as though asking himself questions.		
"Well now!		
"But you yourself often speak in aphorisms."		
I had many long conversations with him; when he was living at Gaspra in the Crimea, I often went to him and he liked coming to me; I have studied his books lovingly; it seems to me that I have the right to say what I think of him, even if it be bold and differ widely from the general opinion.		
That upset my idea of him, an idea which was deeply rooted and had become dear to me.		
Someone remarked that Shestov was a Jew.		
He sat down on the sofa, and, after a moment's silence, suddenly said, swaying his body a little, rubbing the palm of his hand on his knee, and wrinkling up his face: "Still that is not allnot all."		
He knew Balzac.		
But, undeniably, Russia as a whole isTiulin above and Oblomov below.		
My letter was bitter, and in the end I did not send it to him.		
Very generous!		
He laughed heartily at the scene in the court of the Kazan magistrate, Konovalov, where I had first seen the man whom I described under the name of Kuvalda.		
He listens attentively as though recalling something which he has forgotten or as though waiting for something new and unknown.		
Everything is national in him, and all his preaching is a reaction from the past, an atavism which we had already begun to shake off and overcome.		
XIII If he were a fish, he would certainly swim only in the ocean, never coming to the narrow seas, and particularly not to the flat waters of earthly rivers.		
He laughed, and then, probably noticing that I was a little hurt by his distrust of me: "Are you hurt because I thought your dreams bookish?		
In such cases I am ready to bless wine."		
I remarked that as long as we live in the narrow sphere of our anthropomorphous and unavoidable "travelling companions," we build everything on quicksands and in a hostile medium.		
He was suspicious without reason, ambitious, heavy and unfortunate.		
Old Romans, eh, Liovushka?		
He cannot be insincere, but, if this be sincere, then it makes it worse.		
The one who is going to be a monk and pray for the whole family it's wonderful.		
