I was half frightened to death, but I just shut my eyes and jumped clean over the footlights and landed in the flageolet’s lap and then pelted right up the middle aisle.		
He was sure that some one of Tom’s relatives had done it.		
The word sheriff” seemed likely, but I couldn’t understand that about requests.” Then I thought to read the first letters of each word, like the acrostics Daddy and I used to work out together in the Youth’s Companion, and there it was, easy.		
Don’t I strike you for as good a little Y. M. C. A.’ser as there is in the business?” She looked me over as though she were wondering if I was somebody’s darling, and said in a serious way: My mother and I have supper at home.		
Now, if I only had the other half of the paper I’d know who the second man was, and settle him, too.		
From this time on, I had the horrors every time he left me.		
She pointed to it, and gave me a general idea of the direction, then put her arms on my shoulders and held up her great thick lips to be kissed.		
So I waited and waited in the hut, dying by inches.		
Then, too, that stealin’ was preyin’ on my mind, and I couldn’t help harpin’ on it.		
I touched off a musicbox to accompany her for a skirtdance with her robes.		
Then she dropped darn to Bottle Myer’s an’ did serios in tights.		
Then, one Christmas when we were riding fences—keeping the line up against the snow, and running the cattle back if they broke the wires and got across—I got to thinking of the holiday dances at Striped Rock, and says I: Here’s for a Christmas as near home as I can get, and a sight of Susie.” The boss let me off, and I made it in on Christmas Eve.		
He began to watch with a roving eye the crossings and alleys, from which some form might come upon him unawares, and he cast sharp glances over his shoulder for the appearance of the spirit that had cowed him.		
All I had to do was to hang around watching for sicklooking strays from the country.		
It was here, all right, a genuine Flemish quartersawed oak diningtable, all set, and me going to have my first square meal for ten days.		
He could drive me off the waterfront if he cared.		
The thumping paddlewheels, the phosphorescent waves, and the fey obscurity of the night wrought heavily upon Vango’s emotion, and the fumes of alcohol mingled in his brain.		
In about a minute she put two and two together and saw pretty clearly through the whole scheme.		
I thought it was the end, sure, this time, and I was ready to die game.		
And I got bluer than the light on the snow.		
He felt as though she were always round the next corner.		
Yer knew I was on’y foolin’, didn’t yer?		
We sat most of the afternoon drinking cognac, and I got more and more pleased at having squared myself with them both.		
Kate will wait for me, the same way she waited for Flora Donovan.		
I was saved.		
Well, it was funny to see the way she acted.		
I hate the smell of brown Windsor soap to this day.		
There were all sorts of rumours afloat, and nobody knew which way the cat would jump.		
I on the bronco breaking through the crust, feeling mighty good both of us.		
About halfpast eight he woke Tom, gave him some dinner with a cold bottle to get him started again, and spun him a yarn about finding him drunk and robbed.		
The car was plum crazy, and nothin’ seemed to satisfy the critter.		
His eye ranged over a group sitting up in towel robes, chatting drowsily, over a drunken satyr thrusting his heavy limbs from under the covers and singing a sleepy tune, over two others sunk in stupor.		
He had on a wig with a long queue, and a gold embroidered costume, and his face was painted in a hideous fashion, with his nose all white and streaks under his eyes.		
What’s that?		
I didn’t hardly dare to go to sleep at night for fear I’d miss him, and I was listening everywhere I went, meals and all.		
Besides, Kip being the principal whiteface” actor or comedian, the manager didn’t let him leave the theatre much, for fear he’d be kidnapped by highbinders and held for ransom.		
Right here, Mrs. Schreiber shook her head, indicatin’ that I was travellin’ in a dangerous direction.		
So, with jest and story, the night wore on, and James Wiswell Coffin 3d pulled steadily at his cigars.		
Come on,” I said, we’re going to borrow dogs, and sled north to the Katakoolanat country for sure!” She never said a word, but packed up and followed, the way she was trained to do.		
While we were together on our trips on the launch, I didn’t care so much, for the excitement kept up my spirits, but as soon as I was left alone I burned punks in front of his little joss, just like I was a heathen myself.		
There was not a soul in sight, but I imagined there was a boloman behind every tree.		
Here was hitched a pitifully dirty white horse harnessed to a disreputable covered laundrywagon, spattered with adobe mud.		
You are good enough for me.		
When he looked in the glass he must have nearly fell dead.		
I tried to settle down and get into some quiet business, where I wouldn’t have no more trickery to do than maybe put a little terra alba in the sugar and peanuts in the coffee.		
I hardly think I ever talked to a child till I was grown up.		
But Lord!		
She done it after a joint readin’ we give for the benefit of the Astral Seers’ Protective Union.		
His new companion regarded him with a watery blue eye.		
Bryce up, gents!” he exclaimed.		
But ’e watches me fyce sharp, too, as I seen in the lookinglarss.		
My eyes stuck out like a fifer’s thumb when I recognised what it was.		
The Filipinos were getting more insulting every day, and I suppose it was only a question of a week or so at latest.		
As he sat down, the curtain rose and two comedians entered, to go through a dreary specialty turn of the coarsest knockabout” description.		
She soon perceived him, and came forward a few steps, while he retreated as far away, putting her off with futile gestures.		
It won’t do for the police to see it, or any of the neighbours.		
I reckon she had a new one every day.		
I don’t know what ever became of Aguilar, for I just stood up in the window and cheered as the boys came on.		
She was myde puffickly at ’ome everyw’eres, an’ flashed ’er sparklers an’ ’er silk garns with the best o’ ’em.		
*       *       *       *       * The little medium broke off with a tremor that made the glasses shake.		
It was too late then, and I couldn’t go back to Striped Rock and take all the glory that was coming to me and face Susie knowing that I was a fake.		
The game was up.		
Heavier than the atmosphere of steam and steamed humanity rose the fumes of liquor.		
Outside, she had a little scrub pony waiting.		
Come Fourth of July, they set me up alongside of Lincoln.		
Everybody seemed to see me except Susie.		
But it wa’n’t long before No.		
I want to be white and have a thin nose and a little waist like an American woman.		
Perhaps I ain’t got no call to boast, but I flatter myself I found out what was lackin’ as soon as most would have done.		
I didn’t care.		
If we have the luck to get into a fight, he’ll be the hero in my piece in the paper, and the man that gives away the snap ain’t square with Company N. Here’s three cheers for Admeh Drake, the hero of Company N!” he said.		
It looked a heap more like stealin’ than it did before, but it was rather easier.		
Sometimes I just felt like murdering him to get him out of the way.		
Gee!		
I ain’t ashamed of it.		
I was afraid to leave town because I wanted to keep an eye on the Leader, which was coming regularly to the Public Library, and afraid to get a regular daylight job for fear that somebody from Striped Rock would come along and see me.		
Bromoseltzer wouldn’t have cleared my head the way the sight of him did.		
They had luminous forms and nonduplicated faces, that convinced even the most sceptical.		
Give me my medicine stones,” she said to me.		
Next day, we received a message that she was undisposed.		
Is your name—” here he hesitated, and the man’s face showed abject fear—Maidslow?”—and the mouth relaxed its tensity.		
Right away I began to like him.		
I couldn’t turn, I couldn’t run, I could just hang tight onto the doorknob and study the floor.		
So Bildad would not     share his toys Or lend them to     the other boys.		
In spite of this,     if you'll believe, He wiped his nose     upon his sleeve!		
[Illustration: Selfish with Toys] PERCY BINGG Percy Bingg,     when he's at play, Is almost always     in the way; In the room,     or in the street, Always under     people's feet!		
He was a Goop;     and so are you If you are ever     selfish, too!		
[Illustration: Obeying Slowly] GWENDOLYN De V. De WITT Miss Gwendolyn     De Vere De Witt Is having such     a sulky fit!		
[Illustration: Acting Uncleanly] SUSIE SMALT "Oh," says little     Susie Smalt, "It is someone     else's fault!"		
Hear her moan!     Hear her howl!		
Now isn't "won't"     the naughtiest word That anyone     has ever heard?		
[Illustration: Not Wiping Nose] ELIAS E. McGUFF Elias Ethelbert     McGuff, Oh, he was rude     and he was rough!		
Letting water     flood the sink?		
Now isn't that     the rudest way A Goop could answer?		
When spoken to,     she turns her eyes, And never answers     or replies.		
I should say!		
Nobody but a Goop     would do it; His mother'd scold him,     if she knew it.		
[Illustration: Not Minding Mother] M. AND B. HOPPER Mother always     is distressed If you fidget     when you're dressed.		
She hangs her head     and sucks her thumb You'd think that she     was deaf and dumb!		
Hear her groan!		
Hear her sniffle!		
'Tisn't nice.		
[Illustration: Whining] ROBERTO LEES How thoughtless was     Roberto Lees!		
I think he was     a Goopdon't you?		
Goops like that     annoy me much!		
[Illustration: Restless while Dressing] AMANDA M. JAMES Amanda Minnesinger     James She called her sister     horrid names!		
She liked to walk     through puddles; so, She always had     a cold, you know.		
Oh, no!		
Always pinching,     always poking, Alwyas feeling,     always stroking Things she has     no right to touch!		
(For only thoughtless     children tease).		
He orders     someone to, With "Get my hat!"		
[Illustration: Not Eating Crusts] EZRA HECHT What in the world     would you expect Of a Goop whose name     was Ezra Hecht?		
He used to pinch,     he used to poke, And called his rudeness     just a joke.		
Always playing     with the books, Never caring     how she looks!		
[Illustration: Handling Things] PERCIVAL B. SLOOP Just look at     Percival B. Sloop, A most unpleasant     sort of Goop; He pokes his fingers     in his nose And wipes his hands     upon his clothes; He does a lot     of things that you, I know, would never,     never do!		
He teased the little     pussy cat, He teased the puppy!		
He was a Goop     and didn't know!		
But as you aren't     a Goop, you try To keep your tootsies     warm and dry.		
Hear her growl!		
Andrew was     a Goop, I think; Otherwise he     would have known He should let     such things alone!		
A sulky Goop     I really call As bad as those     who cry and bawl.		
She acts so sluggish     and so sickly!		
Goops like that     annoy me so!		
Do you put     away your hat, And your coat,     and things like that?		
Of course he would     refuse to heed Or mind his mother     yes indeed!		
You keep out     the way, I know!		
[Illustration: Sulking] ADOLPHUS ELFINSTONE Adolphus Elfinstone,     of Nachez, Thought it was fun     to play with matches Until the little Goop     had learned It hurt a lot     when he got burned!		
[Illustration: Throwing away Things] MASTER BILDAD A puppy, when he     gets a bone, Will keep it for     himself alone.		
They have no manners,     that's a fact.		
or, "Tie my shoe!"		
Never knowing     Goops like her Ought to neither     talk nor stir!		
Mandy Fish?		
Or, are you     like Esau Pound?		
Hear her snuff! See herwell,     I've said enough.		
But you must do     what you are bid.		
Though Jumbo loves     to fuss and fight, You know, of course,     it isn't right.		
[Illustration: Teasing Animals] ANNIE A. LeGRAND The queerest Goop     in all the land Was Annie Annabelle     LeGrand; She often said     what wasn't true Which is an awful     thing to do!		
[Illustration: In the Way] BETSY BIRCH Look at little     Betsy Birch, Always whispering     in church!		
If you     don't speak right out, You are a Goop,     without a doubt!		
He makes them drag     along the floor As if they weighed     a ton or more.		
He can't be careful,     I suppose!		
He never looks     where he is going; He's always bumping     into chairs, And stumbling, when     he goes upstairs; He tips things over,     bumps his nose.		
Only a Goop     would act that way And be dishonest     in her play.		
Because she couldn't     have her way With other children     at their play.		
Think of that!		
[Illustration: Not Answering] ISABEL McCLUNG Do you ever     stick your tongue Out, like     Isabel McClung?		
[Illustration: Crying Continually] LITTLE CORALIE Though Coralie     was small and sweet, She always, always     had wet feet.		
A little fire     is queer and curious; But soon it grows     quite big and furious.		
[Illustration: Lying and Fibbing] MISS MACKADOO This is a Goop     Miss Mackadoo; She never speaks     when spoken to.		
[Illustration: Scuffing Feet] JOHN D. PELL When John D. Pell     wants something done, D'you think he asks     of anyone?		
[Illustration: Ordering People] ESAU POUND When you're finished     with your play, Do you put     your toys away?		
[Illustration: Snuffling and Sniffling] FELICIA ROPPS Funny, how     Felicia Ropps Always handles     things in shops!		
[Illustration: Going Carelessly] MARY C. C. CALL Mary Carey     Cory Call Hear her cry and     hear her bawl!		
[Illustration: Stealing Sweets] FREDERICK FISHER Freddie Fisher     fairly fussed When he came     to eat his crust!		
says young     Amelia Pratt; "I won't do this!"		
[Illustration: Playing with Faucet] ANNABELLA DAY How slow is     Annabella Day!		
She's the goopiest     Goop of all, Mary Carey     Cory Call!		
Oh, Anna, do be     prompt, and then, No one will call     you "Goop" again!		
"She began it!"		
Just think of     Solomon McKim, And don't be slovenly     like him!		
[Illustration: Getting Feet Wet] ANDREW CROSSETT Have you heard how     Andrew Crossett Meddled with the     waterfaucet?		
For he will snatch     and grab the toys Of all the little     girls and boys.		
But we are honest,     you and I, We think it's wrong     to tell a lie!		
If you fidget     like Miss Midget, Hopper, or her     sister Bridget.		
[Illustration: Rough and Rude] SOLOMON McKIM I wonder if     you ever meet The Goop who always     scuffs his feet?		
[Illustration: Calling Names] SUSIE KLEIN When e'er I hear     a puppy whine, I always think     of Susie Klein; I think of how     she hangs her head, She doesn't speak     she whines, instead!		
Do you go the shortest way,   Never stopping once to play?		
Willy, he owned up to it,     And didn't tell a lie!		
The children point and stare.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Borrowing] BORROWING   Whose doll is that on the table?		
She said "I have no doubt!"		
[Illustration] [Illustration: George Adolphus] GEORGE ADOLPHUS   Oh, think what George Adolphus did!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Disfiguration] DISFIGURATION       Have you ever seen the scrawls       On the fences and the walls,   All the horrid little pictures and the horrid little names?		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Courtesy] COURTESY   I wonder why it is polite   In shaking hands, to give your right.		
Perhaps the reason is because   The Goops, they never have such laws!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Clothes] CLOTHES   When you are playing in the dirt,   You should wear clothes you cannot hurt;   It will not matter, when they're worn,   If they are just a little torn.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Bravery] BRAVERY       It's terrible brave       To try to save   A girl on a runaway horse;   You could do that, of course!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Memory] MEMORY   My teacher taught me, yesterday,   A very pretty piece to say;   But when I try to think of it,   I can't remember it a bit!		
I hope they'll not neglect you!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Politeness] POLITENESS   I think it would be lots of fun   To be polite to every one;   A boy would doff his little hat,   A girl would curtsey, just like that!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Curiosity] CURIOSITY   I think that it would help you much   If you'd remember not to touch.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: "Why?"]		
But if you were dirty, you'd wash, wouldn't you?		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Honesty] HONESTY   The boy who plays at marbles and doesn't try to cheat,   Who always keeps his temper, no matter if he's beat,   Is sure to be a favorite with all upon the street.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Caution] CAUTION   When you travel in the street,   Are you cautious and discreet?		
So study your best   Till it's time for a rest,     The clock will go fast, if you let it!		
When father said to go to bed,   Then "Why?" was all Josephus said.		
He went where mother had forbid,     And said he "didn't care!"   Oh, think what George Adolphus did!		
Don't you think it is a shame?		
When you pay a visit, never grumble or complain,   Try to be so affable they'll want you there again;   Don't forget the older ones, your hostess least of all,   When you're leaving tell her you have had a pleasant call!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Teasing] TEASING   Tease to linger longer when your mother bids you go;   Tease to have a penny when your father answers, "No!"		
The Goops are all dirty, and what do they do?		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Order] ORDER   Make your soldiers march away,   When you're finished with your play.		
He made his mother cry!		
But sometimes mother's head will ache   With all the jolly noise you make,   And sometimes other people, too,   Can't spend the time to play with you!		
If you needed a bath, you would say so!		
Can you blame your mother     If she looks severe.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Tidiness] TIDINESS   Little scraps of paper,     Little crumbs of food,   Make a room untidy,     Everywhere they're strewed.		
When little brother stubs his toe,     Do you look on and laugh?		
Are the Goops the ones to blame?		
Do you look about for horses   When your little brother crosses?		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Miss Manners] MISS MANNERS   No matter how you wish   For the last one on the dish,   Miss Manners has a right to it, not you;   And the largest one of all,   Or the nicest, big or small   Well, I think you'd better leave her that one too!		
When bedtime comes, it's time for you   To stop, for when you're yawning,   You should be dreaming what you'll do   When it's tomorrow morning.		
Tease to have a story when your uncle doesn't please;   That's the way to be a Gooptease, tease, tease!   Hint about the carriage when there's only room for three;   Hint about the toys you like and every doll you see;   Hint about the candy, say you're fond of peppermint;   That's the way to be a Goophint, hint, hint! [Illustration] [Illustration: Interruption] INTERRUPTION   Don't interrupt your father when he's telling funny jokes;   Don't interrupt your mother when she's entertaining folks;   Don't interrupt the visitors when they have come to call,   In fact, it's generally wiser not to interrupt at all.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: CryBaby] CRYBABY   I'm sure that I would rather die   Than have my playmates see me cry;       It twists your face       And knots your forehead,   And makes you look all cross and horrid;   And every one who sees you cries   "What is the matter with your eyes?"		
Did his mother punish him?		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Pets] PETS   Almost every Goop forgets   When it's time to feed his pets,     'Cause his memory fails;     Listen to his wails!		
for your father is reading.		
'Twas never anything but "WHY?"		
Fie!		
But somehow I imagine you are better,   And you try to go, and cry to go, in fact!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Fortitude] FORTITUDE   When you have been a naughty child,     Or taken more than was your share,   When you've been sulky, cross or wild,     You must not say, "Oh, I don't care!"		
No!		
But when you hate to see it rain,     And when it's time to comb your hair,   And when you have a little pain,     Then you can say, "Oh, I don't care!"		
My teacher told me yesterday   "Work when you work; Play when you play!"   When I am playing with my toys   I am the busiest of boys;   But when I study or I work   I'm 'fraid I am inclined to shirk!		
When mother bade him stop his play,   Then "Why?" Josephus used to say.		
I wonder why it is wellbred,   If you must sneeze, to turn your head.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Books] BOOKS   I have a notion     The Books on the shelves   Are just as much persons     As we are, ourselves.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Gentleness] GENTLENESS   When you are playing with the girls,   You must not pull their pretty curls;   If you are gentle when you play,   You will be glad of it some day.		
Hush!		
My head's so full of toys and such,   I can't remember very much!		
The girl who counts her hundreds very fairly, when she's "it"   Who doesn't peep or listen, nor turn around a bit,   I'm sure she's not a Goop, in fact, she's quite the opposite!		
for your mother is ill.     Hush!		
Willy spilled the ink,   Willy left the waterpipe     Running in the sink!		
He always made the same reply.		
Do you sharpen pencils,     Ever, on the floor?		
Did you ever catch them playing at their horrid little games?		
If you lent your playthings, I think you would say things     If no one returned them to you!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Consideration] CONSIDERATION   When you're old, and get to be   Thirtyfour or fortythree,   Don't you hope that you will see     Children all respect you?		
When she says, "It looks to me   As if the Goops were here"?		
When you are older,     You'll find this is true;   You'd better be careful     To make Books like you!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Tardiness] TARDINESS   Goodness gracious sakes alive!		
Mother said, "Come home at five!"		
The greediest Goop would give away     The things he didn't need   To share the toys with which you play,     That's generous, indeed!		
I wonder why it is refined   In passing one, to go behind.		
They open bottles of cologne,   And feel of parcels not their own!		
Will they, without being told,   Wait on you, when you are old,   Or be heedless, selfish, cold?		
But think of trying       To keep from crying,   When you're hungry and tired and cross   You couldn't do that, of course!		
The children whoop "You are a Goop!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Willy] WILLY   Willy broke the windowpane.		
The Goops do this, and they do more,   They peep and listen at the door!		
All your playthings and your toys   Must be trained like girls and boys!		
But when you're really nicely dressed,   Be careful of your Sunday Best!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: BedTime] BEDTIME   The night is different from the day   It's darker in the night;   How can you ever hope to play   When it's no longer light?		
for the baby     Is sleeping, and may be   He'll catch a nice dream if you're still.		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Neatness] NEATNESS   Goops leave traces everywhere   Gum stuck underneath the chair,   Muddy footprints in the hall,   Show that Goops have been to call;   Shoes and stockings on the floor   Show where Goops have been before!		
[Illustration] [Illustration: Helpfulness] HELPFULNESS   I never knew a Goop to help his mother,   I never knew a Goop to help his dad,   And they never do a thing for one another;   They are actually, absolutely bad!		
And both would use such words as these:   "Excuse me, Sir," and "If you please;"   Not only just at home, you know,   But everywhere that they should go.		
But there are many stupid folks   Who do not care for children's jokes.		
