lest some disaster we should meet 'Twere better to be married at the Fleet.		
Conquest of Granada. ]		
Come, go on.		
What's that you say, minx?		
Yes, my lord, that would do very well amongst people of quality who don't want money.		
If I was, madam, it would be no crime, Money.		
It is this disposition which inspires the empty Cacus to deny his acquaintance, and overlook men of merit in distress; and the little silly, pretty Phillida, or Foolida, to stare at the strange creatures round her.		
Merl.		
What, you are in love, I suppose?		
Good Ignorance will still believe it all.		
Mrs M.		
Toll, loll, loll.But I shall have her begin with her passion immediately; and I had rather be the object of her rage for a year than of her love for half an hour.		
for a new one.		
Give me a guinea, and I'll give you a crown a night as long as it runs.		
Luck.		
No, sir, she is in a ridinghood, and says she has brought you a clean shirt.		
All nature wears one universal grin.		
Methinks I hear   The sound of feet:   No; 'twas the wind that shook yon cypress boughs. ]		
You might as well have talked Latin or Greek to him.		
Oh!		
Hunc.		
vile murderess, beware.		
Well, colonel, I see you are setting out for life, and so I wish you a good journey.		
If it was not for these cursed hisses and catcalls Mar.		
by the sun, moon, and stars, I will enjoy it, though it be in thought!		
Oh!		
Mar.		
Fust.		
Fust.		
ACT II.		
Fust.		
Here seated let us view the dancers' sports; Bid 'em advance.		
This is the end of the first act, sir.		
Q.		
I am ashamed of so ignorant a carper, who doth not know that an epithet in tragedy is very often no other than an expletive.		
Book.		
Now, pray, no more interruption; for this scene is one continual joke, and if you open your lips in it you will break the thread of the jest.		
Mrs M.		
ACT II.		
[Footnote 1: "A cobling poet indeed," says Mr D.; and yet I believe we may find as monstrous images in the tragick authors: I'll put down one: Untie your folded thoughts, and let them dangle loose as a bride's hair.Injured Love.		
To hell then, like a rebel as you are, And give my service to the rebels there.		
See here.		
Sneer.		
Odzooks!		
Q.		
What, is Sir Harry going to change sides then, that he is to have all this interest?		
GRIZ.		
Mrs M.		
Though the taste and humour of the visitor is to be chiefly considered, yet is some regard likewise to be had to that of the master of the house; for otherwise your company will be rather a penance than a pleasure.		
it may beseem me ill T' appear her murderer.		
Fust.		
Nay, it is in vain to deny it to me.		
Pray, sir, who are these characters?		
Promp.		
Mrs M.		
There ends act the fourth.		
This I take to be a lively assurance of that fierce spirit of liberty which remains among us, and which Mr Dryden, in his essay on Dramatick Poetry, hath observed: "Whether custom," says he, "hath so insinuated itself into our countrymen, or nature hath so formed them to fierceness, I know not; but they will scarcely suffer combats and other objects of horror to be taken from them."		
O, there's a magickmusick in that sound, Enough to turn me into beef indeed!		
.		
Scare.		
.		
'Gad, that's true; I had forgot her education, faith, when I writ that speech; it's a fault I sometimes fall intoa man ought to have the memory of a devil to remember every little thing; but come, go on, go onI'll alter it by and by.		
Book.		
Avert these omens, ye auspicious stars!		
May.		
You'll be of another opinion before the play is over; at present his hands are too full of business; and you may remember, sir, I before told you this is none of your plays wherein much is said and nothing done.		
[Aside.]		
My lord, I would have my girl act like other young ladies; but she does not know any men of quality, who shall introduce her to 'em?		
Who's there? Enter Maid of Honour.		
Huncamunca, well I know that you A princess are, and a king's daughter, too; But love no meanness scorns, no grandeur fears; Love often lords into the cellar bears, And bids the sturdy porter come up stairs.		
Here fix our standard; what is this place called?		
So, when two dogs are fighting in the streets, With a third dog one of the two dogs meets, With angry teeth he bites him to the bone, And this dog smarts for what that dog has done.		
there are many of these courtiers who have six starved footmen behind a coach, and not half a hogshead of wine in their house; why, how do you think all the money is spent?		
[Footnote 1: These floods are very frequent in the tragick authors:   Near to some murmuring brook I'll lay me down,   Whose waters, if they should too shallow flow,   My tears shall swell them up till I will drown.		
I see thou art.		
Why dost thou leave me in the [1] dark alone, When well thou know'st I am afraid of sprites?		
[Shaking their heads.		
Again, in a sixth:   I find myself divided from myself.		
very fine, sir!		
But, by the stars and glory!		
Bravely done, my boys, bravely done; faith, our party has got the day.		
Faith, sir, that's more than I could.		
SCENE II.MARPLAY, senior, MARPLAY, junior.		
He answered me at first with procrastinations, declaring, from time to time, he would mention it to my father; and still excusing himself for not doing it.		
In this manner he ran on almost a quarter of an hour before he would suffer me to speak.		
The reader may easily believe she was on no account pleased with Amelia's presence; indeed, she expected from her some of those insults of which virtuous women are generally so liberal to a frail sister: but she was mistaken; Amelia was not one      Who thought the nation ne'er would thrive,      Till all the whores were burnt alive.		
Booth here made a low bow, and cried, "O dear madam, how ignorant was I of my own happiness!"		
Vanity is always contemptible; but when joined with dishonesty, it becomes odious and detestable.		
How can she, then, be otherwise than surprized at your present demand?		
However, the mirth of the rest, and a pretty liberal quantity of punch, which he swallowed after dinner (for Miss Matthews had ordered a very large bowl at her own expense to entertain the good company at her farewell), so far exhilarated his spirits, that when the young lady and he retired to their tea he had all the marks of gayety in his countenance, and his eyes sparkled with good humour.		
"Tace, madam," answered Murphy, "is Latin for a candle: I commend your prudence.		
Here they fell immediately to commenting on the foregoing discourse; but, as their comments were, I believe, the same with what most readers have made on the same occasion, we shall omit them.		
Spite, therefore, was the only motive to this cruel depredation; and indeed her behaviour on the occasion sufficiently convinced us both of the justice of our suspicion, though we neither of us durst accuse her; and she herself had the assurance to insist very strongly (though she could not prevail) with Amelia to turn away her innocent maid, saying, she would not live in the house with a thief."		
She would then repeat the compliments which others had made to her own beauty, and could not forbear once crying out, "Upon my soul, my dear Billy, I believe the chief disadvantage on my side is my superior fondness; for love, in the minds of men, hath one quality, at least, of a fever, which is to prefer coldness in the object.		
"About a month after the accident, when Amelia began to see company in a mask, I had the honour to drink tea with her.		
The man assured Booth that he had made no mistake; saying, "If your name is Booth, sir, I am positive you are the gentleman to whom the parcel I gave you belongs."		
"Oh!		
"No, my dear child," said the mother; "he is the best man in the world, and therefore they hate him."		
I shook the major by the hand, and told him I not only forgave him, but was extremely obliged to his friendship; and then, going to the fryar, I found that he was Bagillard's confessor, from whom he came to me, with an earnest desire of seeing me, that he might ask my pardon and receive my forgiveness before he died for the injury he had intended me.		
"'Who calls the wretched thing that was Alphonso?'		
That look of yours frightens me to death.'		
After a short pause of a few moments, he answered, with great solemnity, as follows: "Young man, I am entirely unconcerned at your groundless suspicion.		
Come, madam, do not be discouraged; a bit of manslaughter and cold iron, I hope, will be the worst: or perhaps we may come off better with a slice of chancemedley, or se defendendo" "I am very ignorant of the law, sir," cries the lady.		
"To confess the truth, I am afraid we often compliment what we call upper life, with too much injustice, at the expense of the lower.		
there is no true tenderness but in a woman of spirit.		
to hear this, and at the same time to see the poor delirious creature deriving the greatest horrors from my sight, and mistaking me for a highwayman who had a little before robbed her.		
He then asked me if I had any prospect of going again into the army; if not, what scheme of life I proposed to myself?		
answered the governor, as soon as he had recovered his breath, for it almost forsook him at the sight of the black word hundred"No, no; there might be people indeedbut I am not one of those.		
Such rises we often see in life, without being able to give any satisfactory account of the means, and therefore ascribe them to the good fortune of the person.		
To this the other answered (I am sure I repeat her words, though I cannot mimic either the voice or air with which they were spoken)'Pray, Miss Emily, which is to be the judge, yourself or that gentleman?		
And this experiments he thought, would confirm him either in a good or evil opinion of that gentleman.		
"When the major was drest his sister seemed to possess his whole thoughts, and all his care was to relieve her grief.		
However, I will tell you this: the lawyer and Mr. Robinson have been laying their heads together about you above half an hour this afternoon.		
"Fy, sir," answered Murphy; "you know I hate all this; but, if the lady will trust me with her cause, I will do the best in my power.		
However, I now revived this in my mind, which I artificially worked up into so high an injury, that I assure you it afforded me no little comfort.		
"I now, for many days, endured the greatest torments which the human mind is, I believe, capable of feeling; and I can honestly say I tried all the means, and applied every argument which I could raise, to cure me of my love.		
As to perjuries in civil matters, they are not so very criminal."		
To say the truth, if all which unwittingly dropt from Miss Matthews was put together, some conclusions might, it seems, be drawn from the whole, which could not convey a very agreeable idea to a constant husband.		
Tenderness for women is so far from lessening, that it proves a true manly character.		
"Well, madam, after a lecture of about a quarter of an hour's duration from Mrs. Harris, I suffered her to conduct me to the outward gate of her courtyard, whence I set forward in a disconsolate condition of mind towards my lodgings.		
I was highly pleased with this answer, in which I thought I could discover both sense and spirit.		
Is this a time for me to mention a thing of this kind to your father?'		
"After a restless and sleepless night, when I rose the next morning I had the comfort to receive a visit from the woman of the house, who, after a very short introduction, asked me when I had heard from the captain, and when I expected to see him?		
do I say?		
I do assure you I would offer him no less was it my own case."		
if I die, will you not have escaped the horrors of a parting ten thousand times more dreadful than this?		
replied the child, "for I am sure he is very good."		
Booth told her he had heard some such thing himself, and then continued his story as in the next chapter.		
I had just taken a lodging in the verge of the court, and had writ my dear Amelia word where she might find me, when she had settled her affairs in the best manner she could.		
Indeed, women cannot be cautioned too much against such lovers; for though I have heard, and perhaps truly, of some of our sex, of a virtue so exalted, that it is proof against every temptation; yet the generality, I am afraid, are too much in the power of a man to whom they have owned an affection.		
She then forced the poor, trembling, fainting Amelia out of the room; which when she had done, she began very coolly to reason with me on the folly, as well as iniquity, which I had been guilty of; and repeated to me almost every word I had before urged to her daughter.		
And so well bred was the good woman, that we could scarce get her out of the room the whole night.		
[Illustration: She then gave a loose to her passions] "What do you hear?"		
Amelia turned pale as death at these words; indeed, I feared she would have fainted, if I could be said to fear, who had scarce any of my senses left, and was in a condition little better than my angel's.		
Booth was then satisfied that Mr. Robinson, whom he did not yet know by name, was the gamester who had won his money at play.		
There was time, however, for the boat to pass and repass; so that, when we came to call over names, three only, of all that remained in the ship after the loss of her own boat, were missing.		
These fatigues, added to the uneasiness of her mind, overpowered her weak spirits, and threw her into one of the worst disorders that can possibly attend a woman; a disorder very common among the ladies, and our physicians have not agreed upon its name.		
He is indeed one of the worthiest men the world ever produced.		
She then put a bankbill of a hundred pounds into Mr. Booth's hands, and asked him with a smile if he did not think she had reason to be offended with so much insolence?		
"Pardon me, madam," answered Booth; "I hope you do not agree with Mandevil neither, who hath represented human nature in a picture of the highest deformity.		
I hope I am not to take up my lodging with these creatures."		
"Fellow!"		
This faithful creature came into the hall with the footman who had driven the cart.		
Well, whoever writ it is a matter very immaterial; yet, as it seemed so odd and unaccountable an incident, I could not help mentioning it.		
Thus did this generous colonel (for generous he really was to the highest degree) restore peace and comfort to this little family; and by this act of beneficence make two of the worthiest people two of the happiest that evening.		
are glory and fame, and not his Amelia, the happiness of my husband?		
What this was the reader shall know in the next chapter.		
To triumph over the widow, for whom I had in a very short time contracted a most inveterate hatred, was a pride not to be described.		
"Oh!		
it would be so stillwhy can't my Billy think so?		
"After a scene," continued he, "too tender to be conceived by many, Amelia informed me that she had received a letter from an unknown hand, acquainting her with my misfortune, and advising her, if she ever desired to see me more, to come directly to Gibraltar.		
When Amelia therefore perceived the visible confusion in Miss Matthews she presently called to remembrance some stories which she had imperfectly heard; for, as she was not naturally attentive to scandal, and had kept very little company since her return to England, she was far from being a mistress of the lady's whole history.		
She therefore sent a kind note to her the moment of our arrival, giving her her option, whether she would come to us at the inn, or whether we should that evening wait on her.		
did you not even get drunk in the time of your wife's delivery?		
Abroad I scarce ever went, lest I should meet any of my former acquaintance; for their sight would have plunged a thousand daggers in my soul.		
"Indeed I do," answered she briskly.		
"Amelia received the news with the highest transports of joy; she said that her greatest fear had always been of my entring again into the army.		
"Well, well," said she, "and how much will it cost?"		
"These words were accompanied with a sigh, and a look inexpressibly tender, the tears at the same time overflowing all her lovely cheeks.		
"Why don't they love papa then?"		
This letter threw him back into his fit of dejection, in which he had not continued long when a packet from the country brought him the following from his friend Dr Harrison: "Sir,                           Lyons, January 21, N. S. "Though I am now on my return home, I have taken up my pen to communicate to you some news I have heard from England, which gives me much uneasiness, and concerning which I can indeed deliver my sentiments with much more ease this way than any other.		
I lost my former bedfellow, my sister, and you may, I think, guess the restthe villain found means to steal to my chamber, and I was undone.		
"Our amour had already been buzzed all over the town; and it came at last to the ears of Mrs. Harris: I had, indeed, observed of late a great alteration in that lady's behaviour towards me whenever I visited at the house; nor could I, for a long time before this evening, ever obtain a private interview with Amelia; and now, it seems, I owed it to her mother's intention of overhearing all that passed between us.		
So many tender ideas crowded at once into my mind, that, if I may use the expression, they almost dissolved my heart.		
I knocked softly at the door, and being bid to open it, I found the major in his sister's antechamber warming her posset.		
"We went hence to pay a visit to Miss Harris, whose reception of us was, I think, truly ridiculous; and, as you know the lady, I will endeavour to describe it particularly.		
Hence, my worthy reader, console thyself, that however few of the other good things of life are thy lot, the best of all things, which is innocence, is always within thy own power; and, though Fortune may make thee often unhappy, she can never make thee completely and irreparably miserable without thy own consent.		
His mind was formed of those firm materials of which nature formerly hammered out the Stoic, and upon which the sorrows of no man living could make an impression.		
I really think Mrs. Ellison hath chosen very well.		
I cannot conceive for what reason.		
At length he arrived at the bailiff's mansion, and was ushered into a room in which were several persons.		
The girl protested in the solemnest manner that she knew not the person; but as to some circumstances she began to vary a little from her first account, particularly as to the pistols, concerning which, being strictly examined by Booth, she at last cried"To be sure, sir, he must have had pistols about him."		
"Consider, dear madam, to what a wretched condition we were now reduced.		
What the villain gave me I know not; but, besides being intoxicated, I perceived effects from it which are not to be described.		
said Amelia."O, very well," answered the serjeant.		
"Under these circumstances, how agreeable to poor Mr. Bennet must have been the behaviour of Mrs. Ellison, who, when he carried her her rent on the usual day, told him, with a benevolent smile, that he needed not to give himself the trouble of such exact punctuality.		
She now burst forth into some very satirical invectives against that lady, and declared she had the art, as well as the wickedness, of the devil himself.		
"I am glad you are pleased to confirm that," cries Booth; "for I protest it was an entire secret to me till this day.		
Chapter VIII.		
Heaven knows what may hereafter be their fate!"		
But if Booth was now pleased with Mrs. Bennet, Amelia was still more pleased with her than ever.		
Whom then should this happy man envy?		
"And a member of parliament?"		
"Ay, indeed!		
can I," says James; "for the devil take me if I know a more lovely woman in the world."		
"I thank you, madam," cries Amelia, "for relieving me from my fears on your account; I trembled at the consequence of this second acquaintance with such a man, and in such a situation."		
Booth at length, wondering that the serjeant did not speak, asked him, What his business was?		
The charms of liberty, against his will, rushed on his mind; and he could not avoid suggesting to himself how much more happy was the poorest wretch who, without controul, could repair to his homely habitation and to his family, compared to him, who was thus violently, and yet lawfully, torn away from the company of his wife and children.		
Chapter ix.		
The mention of this translation a little surprized Booth; not only as the author had just declared his intentions to forsake the tuneful muses; but, for some other reasons which he had collected from his conversation with our author, he little expected to hear of a proposal to translate any of the Latin poets.		
Neither Miss Bellamy nor Mrs. Gibber were ever in a greater consternation on the stage than now appeared in the countenance of Mrs. James.		
Some rascal, envious of his friendship for me, hath belyed me to him; and the only resentment I desire is, to convince him of his mistake."		
And since you force the confession from me, I declare, I think such beauty, such sense, and such goodness united, might aspire without vanity to the arms of any monarch in Europe."		
As I was entirely void of all suspicion, my mind threw off all reserve, and pleasure only filled my thoughts.		
However, as our readers may likewise be glad to recover their spirits also, we shall here put an end to this chapter.		
He then took a bankbill of fifty pounds from his pocketbook, and said, "You will pardon me, dear madam, if I chuse to impute your refusal of my house rather to a dislike of my wife, who I will not pretend to be the most agreeable of women (all men," said he, sighing, "have not Captain Booth's fortune), than to any aversion or anger to me.		
The maid, concluding that her mistress was not yet returned to her senses, answered, "Why, 'tis my master, madam.		
Containing, among many matters, the exemplary behaviour of Colonel James. When Mrs. Ellison was departed, Mrs. Atkinson began to apply all her art to soothe and comfort Amelia, but was presently prevented by her.		
I protest, madam, I begin to grow ashamed of this husband of yours.		
"Pardon me, madam," said Amelia; "I will not suppose Mr. Booth's inclinations ever can be unreasonable.		
The footman was presently summoned, and Mrs. James delivered him his message, which was to countermand the orders which she had given that very morning to make her up a new suit of brocade.		
By propagating the subscriptions of such fellows, people are tired out and withhold their contributions to men of real merit; and, at the same time, you are contributing to fill the world, not only with nonsense, but with all the scurrility, indecency, and profaneness with which the age abounds, and with which all bad writers supply the defect of genius."		
My husband returned at the appointed time; and I met him with an agitation of mind not to be described.		
Booth then acquainted the colonel with the promises he had received from the noble lord, upon which James shook him by the hand, and heartily wished him joy, crying, "I do assure you, if you have his interest, you will need no other; I did not know you was acquainted with him."		
She was indeed a woman of most profuse generosity, and could not bear a thought which she deemed vulgar or sneaking.		
Now this is a love, child, which cannot produce that rational happiness which a woman of sense ought to expect.'		
He is, indeed, very much of a gentleman, and spends his money like one.		
These were on his weddingday, and on the birthday of each of his little family; on these occasions he used to invite two or three neighbours to his house, and to indulge himself, as he said, in great excess; for so he called drinking a pint of very small punch; and, indeed, it might appear excess to one who on other days rarely tasted any liquor stronger than small beer.		
"I am very sorry, sir," cries Booth very gravely, and turning as pale as death, "you should entertain a thought of this kind; a thought which hath almost frozen up my blood.		
Booth embraced his friend, and, weeping over him, paid his acknowledgment with tears for all his goodness.		
The colonel, when he found he could not prevail with Amelia to accept his invitation, desisted from any farther solicitations.		
"I assure you, madam, I was in no danger," returned Mrs. Bennet; "for, besides that I think I could have pretty well relied on my own resolution, I have heard since, at St Edmundsbury, from an intimate acquaintance of my lord's, who was an entire stranger to my affairs, that the highest degree of inconstancy is his character; and that few of his numberless mistresses have ever received a second visit from him.		
But for my part, I promise you, I like her beyond all other women; and, whilst that is the case, my boy, if her mind was as full of iniquity as Pandora's box was of diseases, I'd hug her close in my arms, and only take as much care as possible to keep the lid down for fear of mischief.		
"I own it is," cries Mrs. Bennet, recovering her spirits, "and since you have not shewn it to that woman I am satisfied.		
"Upon my word, madam," said the colonel, "you now do me more than justice.		
Being the last chapter of the fifth book. We shall now return to Colonel James and Mr. Booth, who walked together from Colonel Bath's lodging with much more peaceable intention than that gentleman had conjectured, who dreamt of nothing but swords and guns and implements of wars.		
At length Mrs. Ellison arrived, and entered the room with an air of gaiety rather misbecoming the occasion.		
"How cruelly do you mistake me!"		
When they had been gone therefore about half an hour, he rang his bell to enquire if there was any news of his brother; a question which he repeated every ten minutes for the space of two hours, when, having heard nothing of him, he began to conclude that both were killed on the spot.		
He then discovered to meO Mrs. Booth!		
He had hitherto deferred paying a visit to the lord whom I mentioned to have been formerly his fellow collegiate, and was now his neighbour, till he could put himself in decent rigging.		
But, though the reader should entertain the same curiosity, we must be excused from satisfying it till we have first accounted for an incident which we have related in this very chapter, and which, we think, deserves some solution.		
Upon my word, though, to be serious, it is a strange story, and, as the girl tells it, I know not what to make of it.		
I look upon you, and always shall look upon you, as my preserver from the brink of a precipice, from which I was falling into the same ruin which you have so generously, so kindly, and so nobly disclosed for my sake."		
I own, I have often thought, if Statius had ventured no farther than Ovid or Claudian, he would have succeeded better; for his Sylvae are, in my opinion, much better than his Thebais."		
To be sincere with you, I have not liked her behaviour for some time.		
"If I have offended you, madam," said Amelia, "I am very sorry, and ask your pardon; but, besides what I heard from yourself, Mr. Booth told me" "O yes!"		
"What can all this mean, Atkinson?"		
That, as he had loved me passionately from his first seeing me, and had thought of nothing from that time but of throwing himself at my feet, he saw no way so open to propitiate my aunt as that which he had taken by commending my beauty, a perfection to which she had long resigned all claim, at the expense of my understanding, in which he lamented my deficiency to a degree almost of ridicule.		
for of a very good family am I come, I assure you, madam, though I now let lodgings.		
"It is but three hundred pounds, indeed, sir," cries the serjeant; "if you can raise three hundred pounds, you are a free man this moment."		
The serjeant was immediately called in, paid his respects to the colonel, and was acknowledged by him.		
Of the defect of her beauty she was, perhaps, sensible; her vanity, therefore, retreated into her mind, where there is no lookingglass, and consequently where we can flatter ourselves with discovering almost whatever beauties we please.		
He thenO!		
How!		
"Good Heavens!"		
Some women now, in my situation, would be angry that you had not made confidantes of them; but I never desire to know more of the secrets of others than they are pleased to intrust me with.		
No English poet, as I remember, hath come up to it; nor am I myself equal to the undertaking.		
"I should scarce, however, have been so sanguine as to draw this conclusion, had I not received some hints that I had not unhappily placed my affections on a man who made me no return; for, though he had scarce addressed a dozen sentences to me (for, indeed, he had no opportunity), yet his eyes had revealed certain secrets to mine with which I was not displeased.		
To say truth, I believe it was not in his power: for he had so long accustomed himself to one and the same strut, that as a horse, used always to trotting, can scarce be forced into a gallop, so could no passion force the colonel to alter his pace.		
"Why, there now," cries Mrs. Ellison, "while you will indulge these extravagant passions, how can you be capable of listening to the voice of reason?		
This envy I had long ago discovered, and had taken great pains to smother it, carefully avoiding ever to mention a Latin word in her presence, and always submitting to her authority; for indeed I despised her ignorance too much to dispute with her.		
Booth's countenance greatly cleared up at this declaration, and he answered with a smile, that he hoped he need not give the colonel any assurances on that head.		
Booth at last perceived her to be so uneasy, that, as he saw no hopes of contriving any fiction to satisfy her, he thought himself obliged to tell her the truth, or at least part of the truth, and confessed that he had had a little skirmish with Colonel Bath, in which, he said, the colonel had received a slight wound, not at all dangerous; "and this," says he, "is all the whole matter."		
"Guilty!"		
"And why not in his rank?"		
In truth, the romancewriting is the only branch of our business now that is worth following.		
Heaven preserve your senses, madam!Lord, sir, my mistress must be very bad not to know you!"		
It is a long time since I read him.		
