HENRY You would really be surprised at the number of things that Henry knows just a shade more about than anybody else does.		
In more time than it takes to tell it, Charlie will keep you right abreast with themsketch in for you how they are, and what they are doing, and what their last words to him were.		
Of course I ought to have known.		
Some can, and some can’t.		
I asked her which court she wanted and she said it didn’t matter; she played equally rottenly on both sides.		
All day long he is bubbling over with fun.		
The letter was addressed with a For” preceding my name, instead of City” or the name of the town, Flo had written Local.” Even a professional detective should have known then.		
On the contrary, as the French so well put it.		
Then he has a repertory of song numbers, too.		
She was a darb.		
He will stroll over to a tennis court, and stand on the side lines, at what I am sure must be great personal inconvenience, calling words of advice and suggestion for sets at a stretch.		
She wrote the best letters I ever read.		
She served, and called Ready?” before each service.		
Two ‘n’s’ really.		
And after a conversation like that I would go home and lie awake and think, If two persons can be in such harmony about the weather, a fundamental thing, a thing that prehistoric religions actually were based upon, what possible discord ever could be between us?		
To me, too.		
No Dead Sea pickled pears I eat;       I never touch a drop of rue;     I toast, and drink my pleasure neat,       The women I’m not married to!		
OLIVER Oliver had a way of dragging his mouth to one side, by means of an inserted forefinger, explaining to you, meanwhile, in necessarily obscured tones, the work which his dentist had just accomplished on his generously displayed back teeth.		
A. M. S.no, wait a minuteA. S. M. Hutchinson, not Hutchison.		
He’s a riot, that’s what he ismore fun than a circus.		
Not mine the sighs for Long Ago;       Not mine to mourn the obsolete;     With Burns and Shelley, Keats and Poe       I have no yearning to compete.		
It is as good as a play to see the hostess’ face.		
He is particularly good at doing Dixie” with one hand and Home, Sweet Home” with the other, and Josef Hofmann himself can’t tie Freddie when it comes to giving an imitation of a fifeanddrum corps approaching, passing, and fading away in the distance.		
Nor was that, I found it, overstating things.		
Charlie has never laid eyes on the young man from that day to this.		
ALBERT Albert sprinkled powdered sugar on his sliced tomatoes.		
Golf?” she echoed.		
She was pretty, but the older I get the fewer girls I see that aren’t.		
She was, I might add, kind of pretty.		
It is pretty elaborate for everyday use.		
There may be many more accomplished musicians, but nobody can touch him as far as being ready to oblige goes.		
I have often thought that Henry must be the boy who got up the idea of leaving the world a little better than he found it.		
I have known him to hold entire dinner parties spellbound, from cocktails to finger bowls, with his monologue.		
Then he tucks his napkin into his collar, and sits there just as solemnly as if he thought that were the thing to do; or perhaps he will vary that one by folding the napkin into a little square and putting it carefully in his pocket, as if he thought it was a handkerchief.		
It seems he had taken a pretty solemn oath to supply Charlie, as a personal favour, with a case of real Gordon, which he said he was able to get through his high social connections on the other side.		
It is right there, really, that they put their finger on the big trouble with him.		
But I mean an ‘n’ between the ‘i’ and the ‘s.’ I mean it’s Hutchinson, and not Hutchison.		
And she was deeply interested in me, which was natural enough, as I had no reservations, no reticences from her.		
But it is when the refreshments are served that Freddie reaches the top of his form.		
If, for instance, Henry happens to drop in while four of his friends are struggling along through a game of bridge he does not cut in and take a hand, thereby showing up their playing in comparison to his.		
And never a selection that every member of the family couldn’t listen to, eitherjust healthy fun.		
RAYMOND So long as you keep him well inland Raymond will never give any trouble.		
One day I telephoned her and asked her what she had been doing that morning.		
Candescent is not far off.		
Relate to him tales of unusual places where you have heard that you can get it or of grotesque sums that you have been told have been exchanged for it, and he will hang on your every word, leading you on, asking intelligent questions, encouraging you by references to like experiences of his own.		
Just tell him about any little formula you may have picked up for making it at home, and you will find the most sympathetic of audiences, and one who will even go to the flattering length of taking notes on your discourse.		
WOMEN                           I’M NOT MARRIED TO                                  WOMEN                           I’M NOT MARRIED TO                                   BY                            FRANKLIN P. ADAMS                        [Illustration: colophon]                        GARDEN CITY      NEW YORK                        DOUBLEDAY, PAGE & COMPANY                                  1922                           COPYRIGHT, 1922, BY                        DOUBLEDAY, PAGE & COMPANY                 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED, INCLUDING THAT OF                   TRANSLATION INTO FOREIGN LANGUAGES,                       INCLUDING THE SCANDINAVIAN            COPYRIGHT, 1922, BY THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY                 IN THE UNITED STATES AND GREAT BRITAIN                      PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES                                   AT               THE COUNTRY LIFE PRESS, GARDEN CITY, N. Y.		
Frequently, after a card has been played, he will lean over and in a goodhumoured way tell the player what he should have done instead, and how he might just as well throw his hand down then and there, but he always refuses to take any more active part in the game.		
And the remarks he makes about the foodI do wish I could remember how they go.		
There’s an ‘n’ in it.		
Yet he never crashes in on his friends’ affairs.		
And that was her policy, too, though now and then she carried it too far.		
It needs no careful leading around of the subject, no tactful questions, no welltimed allusions, to get him nicely loosened up.		
After you have signed the lease for the new apartment Henry tells you where you could have got one cheaper and sunnier; after you are all tied up with the new firm Henry explains to you where you made your big mistake in leaving the old one.		
He just makes them live.		
Anne is now the wife of a golfing banker.		
ANNE     In winter, when the ground was white,     I thought that Anne would be all right;     In summer, quite the other way,     I knew she’d never be O. K. She liked to go to the theatre, but what she went for was to be amused, as there was enough sadness in real life without going to the theatre for it.		
She was glad I was a tennis player, and we’d have some exciting sets in the summer.		
When he really wants to extend himself he calls up in the middle of the night, and says that he is the wire tester.		
Lots of them.		
Then there are several along the general lines of Casey Jones, two or three about negroes who specialized on the banjo, and a few in which the lyric of the chorus consists of the syllables ha, ha, ha.” The idea is that the audience will get laughing along with the singer.		
I had dinner with her that night at a restaurant.		
She told me that I was just a great big boy; that all men, in fact, were just little boys grown up.		
There is never any of this hanging back waiting to be coaxed or protesting that he hasn’t touched a key in months.		
He is never at a loss for a screaming crack.		
No, Henry draws up a chair and sits looking on with a kindly smile.		
But that, now I think of it, would probably be the very idea you would have in mind.		
Among his new friends he numbers a conductor on a train that runs down from Montreal, and a young man who owns his own truck, and a group of chaps who work in drug stores, and I don’t know how many proprietors of homey little restaurants in the basements of brownstone houses.		
But for the most part his new friends are just the truest pals a man ever had.		
L’ENVOI     My dears whom gracefully I greet,       Gaze at these lucky ladies who     Are ofto make this thing concrete       The women I’m not married to.		
Hutchison is the author.		
There haven’t been.		
For I have known families to be rent by disagreements as to meteorological conditions.		
Who wrote it?		
He uses that one only on special occasions, though.		
S.” she wrote.		
And that is the way Henry is about everything.		
He is never without a new story of what Pat said to Mike as they were walking down the street, or how Abie tried to cheat Ikie, or what old Aunt Jemima answered when she was asked why she had married for the fifth time.		
She did.		
Some of them have turned out to be but fairweather friends, unfortunately.		
So you see it wasn’t just the weather, though at that time I thought that would be enough.		
Sorry to have kept you waiting,” she said.		
Some folks can drink it and not notice it, but take me; I’m funny that way, and if I took a cup now I wouldn’t close an eye all night.		
He is never without a new story of what Pat said to Mike as they were walking down the street, or how Abie tried to cheat Ikie, or what old Aunt Jemima answered when she was asked why she had married for the fifth time.		
I have known him to hold entire dinner parties spellbound, from cocktails to finger bowls, with his monologue.		
Now I would be well down among the last when it came to wanting to give you the impression that Charlie has been picked for the AllAmerican alcoholic team.		
All you have to do is say good evening to him, ask him how everybody over at his house is getting along, and give him a chairthough this last is not essentialand silvertongued Charlie is good for three hours straight on where he is getting it, how much he has to pay for it, and what the chances are of his getting hold of a couple of cases of genuine pinchbottle, along around the middle of next week.		
Of course there must have been a lot of unsatisfactory weather even then, and I don’t doubt that he slipped in a word or two when the talk got around to the insanity of the thencurrent styles of women’s dress.		
It is as good as a play to see the hostess’ face.		
You gather from his conversation that he comes into daily contact with any number of picturesque people.		
But Freddie is not one of those humourists who perform only when out in society.		
On wading into the sea ankledeep he leans over and carefully applies handfuls of water to his wrists and forehead.		
Frequently, after a card has been played, he will lean over and in a goodhumoured way tell the player what he should have done instead, and how he might just as well throw his hand down then and there, but he always refuses to take any more active part in the game.		
There may be many more accomplished musicians, but nobody can touch him as far as being ready to oblige goes.		
He always leaves with a few cheery words to the players, urging them to keep at it and not let themselves get discouraged.		
But you just ought to meet Freddie sometime.		
He is funniest, though, it seems to me, when he is pretending that the lemonade is intoxicating, and that he feels its effects pretty strongly.		
To a fault, I have even heard people go so far as to say.		
He is particularly good at doing Dixie” with one hand and Home, Sweet Home” with the other, and Josef Hofmann himself can’t tie Freddie when it comes to giving an imitation of a fifeanddrum corps approaching, passing, and fading away in the distance.		
When it comes to giving his time and his energy there is nobody who could not admit that Henry is generous.		
The party will be just about plucking at the coverlet when in will breeze Freddie, and from that moment on the evening is little short of a whirlwind.		
He smashes the ice all to nothing the moment he is introduced to the other guests by pretending to misunderstand their names, and calling them something entirely different, keeping a perfectly straight face all the time as if he never realized there was anything wrong.		
He can come right into a room full of strangers, and be just as much at home as if he had gone through grammar school with them.		
That is the way he always is, just laughing it off when he is told that people are using his best lines without even so much as word of acknowledgment.		
But don’t let yourself get carried away with success and attempt to branch out into other topics.		
And, of course, it gets me laughing so that I can’t say another word about it.		
It is pretty elaborate for everyday use.		
As he saysand quite rightly, tooit was the principle of the thing.		
It is the next best thing to knowing these people yourself to hear Charlie tell about them.		
I don’t believe any one will ever know how much fun Freddie and his friends get out of Freddie’s calling them up and making them guess who he is.		
He just makes them live.		
It needs no careful leading around of the subject, no tactful questions, no welltimed allusions, to get him nicely loosened up.		
You just ought to see him making believe that he has swallowed an olive pit.		
When you have seen him do this it will be small surprise to you that Freddie is in such demand for social functions.		
When what the young man called a nominal sum was paid, and the case was delivered, its bottles were found to contain a nameless liquor, though those of Charlie’s friends who gave it a fair trial suggested Storm King as a good name for the brand.		
On the contrary, as the French so well put it.		
Then he has a repertory of song numbers, too.		
Just tell him about any little formula you may have picked up for making it at home, and you will find the most sympathetic of audiences, and one who will even go to the flattering length of taking notes on your discourse.		
He will stroll over to a tennis court, and stand on the side lines, at what I am sure must be great personal inconvenience, calling words of advice and suggestion for sets at a stretch.		
But day in and day out, you can depend upon it that he is putting over some uproarious trick with a dribble glass or a loaded cigar or a pencil with a rubber point; and you can feel completely sure that no matter where he is or how unexpectedly you may come upon him, Freddie will be right there with a funny line or a comparatively new story for you.		
Some of them have turned out to be but fairweather friends, unfortunately.		
Charlie has no end of anecdotes about the interesting women he meets, too.		
But though I have taken up the thing in a serious way, and have gone about among his friends making inquiries, I cannot seem to find that he could ever have got any farther than that in the line of conversation.		
He always insists on helping to pass plates and glasses, and when he gets a big armful of them he pretends to stumble.		
Those who have not seen him for several years would be in a position to be knocked flat with a feather if they could see what a regular little Chatterbox Charlie has become.		
He never requires his audience to do any feeding for him.		
He will say something one day, and the next it will be as good as all over the city.		
But for the most part his new friends are just the truest pals a man ever had.		
He gives them without accompaniment, and every song has a virtually unlimited number of verses, after each one of which Freddie goes conscientiously through the chorus.		
In more time than it takes to tell it, Charlie will keep you right abreast with themsketch in for you how they are, and what they are doing, and what their last words to him were.		
He is still unable to talk about it without a break in his voice.		
I suppose there is everything in the way he says things.		
No, Henry draws up a chair and sits looking on with a kindly smile.		
If there is a piano in the house Freddie can tear things even wider open.		
Occasionally, when a uniquely poisonous play is made, I have seen Henry thrust his chair aside and pace about in speechless excitement, but for the most part he is admirably selfcontrolled.		
If, for instance, Henry happens to drop in while four of his friends are struggling along through a game of bridge he does not cut in and take a hand, thereby showing up their playing in comparison to his.		
And there you have, really, one of Freddie’s greatest crosses.		
Despite the wetness of his conversation he is just a nice, normal, conscientious drinker, willing to take it or let it alone, in the order named.		
I never hear any one say There is such a thing as being too goodnatured” but that I think of Freddie.		
There is one girl he often dwells on, who, if you only give her time, can get you little bottles of chartreuse, each containing an individual drink.		
But it is when the refreshments are served that Freddie reaches the top of his form.		
MORTIMER Mortimer had his photograph taken in his dress suit.		
CHARLIE It’s curious, but no one seems to be able to recall what Charlie used to talk about before the country went what may be called, with screaming effect, dry.		
RAYMOND So long as you keep him well inland Raymond will never give any trouble.		
Freddie does them in dialect, and I have often thought it is a wonder that we don’t all split our sides.		
But that, now I think of it, would probably be the very idea you would have in mind.		
People steal his stuff right and left.		
Then he tucks his napkin into his collar, and sits there just as solemnly as if he thought that were the thing to do; or perhaps he will vary that one by folding the napkin into a little square and putting it carefully in his pocket, as if he thought it was a handkerchief.		
Time after time I have gone to him and told him that I have heard lots of vaudeville acts using his comedy, but he just puts on the most killing expression, and says, Oh, say not suchly!” in that way of his.		
That is what people marvel over when they are talking about himhow he is always just the same.		
I don’t think I ever saw any one who could get as much fun as Charlie can out of splitting the Eighteenth Amendment with a friend.		
Naturally he can’t help realizing this about himself, but you mustn’t think for a minute that he has let it spoil him.		
If he isn’t sending long telegrams, collect, to his friends, then he is sending them packages of useless groceries, C. O. D. A telephone is just so much meat to him.		
Say what you will about prohibitionand who has a better right?you would have to admit, if you knew Charlie, that it has been the making of him as a conversationalist.		
Satirethat is his dish.		
Among his new friends he numbers a conductor on a train that runs down from Montreal, and a young man who owns his own truck, and a group of chaps who work in drug stores, and I don’t know how many proprietors of homey little restaurants in the basements of brownstone houses.		
He tells about a friend of his who owns three untouched bottles of the last absinth to come into the country; or a lawyer he knows, one of whose grateful clients sent him six cases of champagne in addition to his fee; or a man he met who had to move to the country in order to have room for his Scotch.		
And the beauty of it is that he is not a mere theorist, as a joker; practicalthat’s Freddie all over.		
If the hostess asks him to have a chair Freddie comes right back at her with No, thanks; we have chairs at home.” If the host offers him a cigar he will say just like a flash, What’s the matter with it?” If one of the men borrows a cigarette and a light from him Freddie will say in that dry voice of his, Do you want the coupons too?” Of course his wit is pretty fairly caustic, but no one ever seems to take offense at it.		
Of course, now and then he cannot restrain a look of pain or an exclamation of surprise or even a burst of laughter as he listens to the bidding, but he never interferes.		
In fact, he must have been one of those strong silent men in the old days.		
Often and often I have heard him called the life of the party, and I have always felt that there is not the least bit of exaggeration in the expression.		
All day long he is bubbling over with fun.		
When he really wants to extend himself he calls up in the middle of the night, and says that he is the wire tester.		
But Charlie can be the best of listeners, too.		
And the remarks he makes about the foodI do wish I could remember how they go.		
THE THEATRE BORE To end a day of perfect boredom, it is only necessary to go to the theatre with a person who has seen the play before and tells the plot to all those within earshot.		
[Illustration] THE MUSICAL HOSTESS The hostess who is so musical is one of those blessings that we could all get along without.		
He doesn’t even have to be near herif she just knows he’s back from patrol duty in a distant land, and on the telephone, the cosmic urge will make her break all existing running broad jump records, in order to get to the telephone.		
He is here shown at the conclusion of his affair with Mirabel, a debutante with every qualification of the Perfect Helpmate.		
A familiar and, alas, incurable type.		
[Illustration] [Illustration] THE ATTACK ON BOHEMIA The Higgingbothams have not, on the whole, been very successful in their attacks on the smart set, so they are at present engaged in entertaining Bohemia.		
No more breakfast in bed for Milly.		
They wanted to break into society, but, alas, a fondness for eating and a fortune of twenty millions were all that they had to do it with.		
They never seem so, of course, when you read their stuff, but my experience has been that they are susceptible to little kindnesses.		
Weekends are wonderful, but, wasn’t Tennyson clever when he said that parting is such sweet sorrow!		
Reverting to habits, this little housebreaker rifles her hostess’s bureau and chiffonier with the avowed intention of wearing each garment which the hostess has not had the foresight to put on.		
Can’t you imagine how it bores Dorothy Dobbee, whose nearest approach to carownership is a pair of yellow goggles, to be told of the six RollsRoyces which Mrs. Appledorn has bought for her children?		
But is Mrs. O.J.		
Despite persistent complaintsby husbandsagainst wives of this model, the demand for them continues to be brisk.		
She always invites the One Person you want to spend the weekend with, and then lets nature take its course.		
Unfortunately, Algy became much less interested in the mechanism of his car than in the personality of its daily occupantMiss Annabelle Ashurst who simply doted on ignitions, and everything connected with speed, including the chauffeur.		
It was millions of miles from home, that little rosecolored paradise, and there wasn’t to be any telephone, and letters were not to be forwarded, and mother couldn’t annoy you, and you were going to pick heartsease in the garden,and then you found you couldn’t afford it, and so you settled in a suburban villa in solitary exile.		
Observe how intent they are upon the thrilling scenes reeling out before their very eyes.		
They are taking their honeymoon in little slices, between drills, as it were; not a bad system, as it prevents the happy young warriors from becoming fed up with the sweetness of love.		
The accompanying picture graphically portrays the new footman in actionplaying the part of a movable human coatroom.		
Here you see a section of it let loose in the Verocchio diningroom.		
[Illustration] ANOTHER BLOW By turning your head just a trifle to the left, you will got a rather good idea of Dolores, the next to crash in our hero’s youthful affections.		
And now, reader, here is our first exhibit in wives, a very terrible kind, to be sure.		
Like an inspiration came his last and best idea, to capitalize his nimble feet and become a dancing instructor.		
Give her a cigarette, a glass of chartreuse, on improving little French novel, a pet dog or two and she won’t ask for another thing during an entire afternoonuntil the gentlemen callers begin to arrive.		
In the meantime, below stairs, the pommessoufflés have collapsed andwhich is a great deal more importantthe cook is getting ready to do likewise.		
[Illustration] WATER, WATER, EVERYWHERE The yachting honeymoon is always a mistake.		
In spite of an abundance of wines, Lucullan dishes, triple extract of mocha, and an orchestra of twelve saxophones, the party was dying on its feet, until Madame S. escorted the guests to the ballroom where a ring greeted their eyes.		
HAIL, THE CONQUERING HERO!		
Have you noticed that they always wear clinging robes and are very rude to their maids?		
The pen, though mighty, is hardly to be compared in efficacy with the three great aids to wooing: the capacious sofa, the softshaded lamp, and the smouldering fire.		
Always be kind to the critics.” [Illustration] THE BEAUTY OF MODERATION And now, I have only one more word to say.		
[Illustration] [Illustration] HE’S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW Mr. Higgingbotham has at last been permitted to join an ancient social club.		
VISITORSINLAW There is something about family relationships that always wrecks the ententecordiale which should exist between guest and host.		
Moderation always paysin the long run.” Sports for the Summer The Increasingly Feminine Tone of Outdoor Diversions [Illustration] MOTORING It has been a busy Summer for our lusty young athletes.		
She is often a blonde, but always a deceiver.		
After a girl has once been married, a second, third or even a fourth husband are simple matters.		
[Illustration] THE BABY BORE In ancient times, Spartans used to expose their infants on the mountains to test their toughness.		
The Brute does not understand herand never has, since she was a little, sensitive, misunderstood girl.		
The Duke might overlook this, but the footmannever.		
And then they chanced to drop in at an informal little sparring match, and he caught a glimpse of Phyllis’ inner nature (Phyllis is here pictured in action).		
[Illustration] THE GREAT UNKNOWN Marian Holworthy’s righthand dinner neighbor is the guest of honor and a tremendous genius of some sort, but, for the life of her, Marian cannot think what his specialty is.		
You just take these little things as all in the day’s work, after you’ve had a few years’ experience with them.		
No soul!		
Having owned cars all his life, Algy naturally spoke the language perfectly and found no difficulty in landing a job with Abraham Ashurst, the Mattress King.		
Then there was also motoring, canoodling, dancing, and working at the office in order to pay income taxes.		
If anybody offers you a yacht for your honeymoon don’t accept it.		
This wonderkiddie, as her pressagent so affectionately calls her, never had a lesson in her life; it’s a gift.		
Any kind of dance goes (whether in Rome, Madrid, New York, Paris or London) from the intricacies of the Russian ballet on the stage of the opera, to the simple little fox trot in the privacy of your own home.		
Such trifles as diamond tiaras, Russian sables, chintzlined limousines, and ropes of pearls help Love’s young dream along considerably.		
SUCCESS AT LAST Hurrah for Algy!		
The male half of the bout is plainly coveringup.		
The noble antique has dropped forty years from his age, and is dancing with all the abandon of a chorus man.		
Note the attendant chauffeur and footmanMr. and Mrs. Smith wouldn’t dream of going out without two men on the box.		
MORNINGIN THE PARK Somebody once got all worked up about dancing and called it the poetry of motion; if you want to go right along with the idea, you might speak of barefoot dancing as the vers libre of motion.		
The people at Mrs. Willoughby’s tea are wishing that this test had been tried on little Gladys, who has been exhibited by her enthusiastic mother and made to recite La Fontaine’s Maître Corbeau” in the original Ollendorf.		
In the future, they will only patronize domestic products.		
So girls this is my parting word to you all: Be Moderate; be Regular; be Good.		
THE SOULFUL TEMPERAMENT Always devoted to calla lilies, rhythmic (or selfexpression) dancing, and loosefitting Greek robes.		
Dangerous to a man in his first season.		
No inspired moments!		
He wants to HURT her!		
Nini Latouche, of the Opera.		
Who more completely spoils a déjeuner than the hideous male shown above who absolutely refuses to pick up his cues in the sweet little matutinal dialogue?		
Any male dancer wearing trick red boots, and any female dancer whose costumes are designed by Bakst, instantly becomes a star of the Imperial Theatre of Moscow.		
to two lovely nymphs.		
And then, just as everything was going nicely, the world had to get mixed up in that dreadful war, so that poor Mr. Smith now has to adjust his jewelry without a corps of specially trained liveried attendants.		
We cannot see why this pretty idea of lending literati to other lands should not be taken up by America.		
But, did the brave lad falter?		
BEWARE THE MODERNIST POET There is a time in every girl’s lifeusually around Springwhen she falls in love with the Professional Poet.		
She usually passes for a lady, so that violent reprisals, however desirable, are not always possible.		
Fortunately marriagewhich is at best but a primitive substitute for friendshipis becoming less and less fashionable, so that every year fewer of our young society leaders are sacrificed on the wedding pyre.		
[Illustration] THE SUIT AND THE SUITOR Helen de Peyster’s favorite fear complex is the fatal number Thirteen!		
[Illustration] [Illustration] THE WAYS OF A MAID The maids are at last coming around to the modern way of thinkingthat in unions there is strength.		
And so, at last, Algy is able to witness the triumph, in his unhappy life, of Romance, Laughter, and Love.		
[Illustration] Dreadful Moments in Society Embarrassing Little Episodes Which Might Happen to Even the Best of Us [Illustration] ART FOR THE ARTLESS If Algy Appleton’s fiancée had shown him something easy to understand in the way of artlike an insurance calendar or the cover of a seed cataloguehe might have been able to murmur something intelligent, but when, in the presence of the sculptor, she led him up to a portrait of herself done in the most modern manner, the poor boy’s mental motor went absolutely dead.		
What pretty, girlish dreams are hers as she goes out into the great world in search of a minister, so that she can start things all over again.		
For weeks before the eventful evening, their parents, grandparents, aunts, and uncles go about suffering intensely saying what a fearful bore it is going to be and how they dread it, but they really must go through with itit means so much to the kiddies.		
An artist!		
Note the almost amorous gentleness with which the sentimental porters are caring for the slippered luggage.		
By way of a start in the right direction, he has purchasedat 10 per cent discount for cashan ancestral estate equipped with all the modern conveniences, including builtin butlers, hot and cold running footmen at all hours, and a resident bishop.		
We are very comfortable.		
It requires very few properties.		
