He used some striking illustrations of the effect of light and the position of the eye upon colors.		
We see how Lilly, an opponent of the king, made his socalled prophecy of the disaster of the king and his army.		
There is reason to believe, however, that while Roberval's discovery was made before Torricelli's, the latter reached his conclusions independently.		
Possibly the dying away of ripples in water may have furnished, by analogy, an explanation of the gradual dying out of the impulse which propels the stone.		
To refute this theory, and to show instances to the contrary, Boyle, among other things, shows that various colorsblue, red, yellowmay be produced upon tempered steel, and yet the metal within "a hair'sbreadth of its surface" have none of these colors.		
These studies were associated with observations on projectiles, regarding which Galileo was the first to entertain correct notions.		
These discoveries very naturally aroused all manner of doubt and criticism, which in turn helped in the development of independent thought.		
He was led to this demonstration through considering the orbital motion of the moon.		
"I did," he says, "embrace at the beginning these doctrines, as my adversaries (followers of Galen) have done, but since I saw that from their procedures nothing resulted but death, murder, stranglings, anchylosed limbs, paralysis, and so forth, that they held most diseases incurable.... therefore have I quitted this wretched art, and sought for truth in any other direction.		
All his writings aim to promote progress in medicine, and to hold before the physician a grand ideal of his profession.		
Encouraged by these offers, a certain carpenter named Harrison turned his attention to the subject of watchmaking, and, after many years of labor, in 1758 produced a spring timekeeper which, during a seavoyage occupying one hundred and sixtyone days, varied only one minute and five seconds.		
And although Musschenbroek is sometimes credited with being the discoverer, there can be no doubt that Von Kleist's discovery antedated his by a few months at least.		
But, without all doubt, the nature of gravity towards the planets is the same as towards the earth.		
"(4) This conclusive demonstration that the veins return the blood to the heart must have been most impressive to Harvey, who had been taught to believe that the blood current in the veins pursued an opposite course, and must have tended to shake his faith in all existing doctrines of the day.		
Bacon, as the earliest pathbreaker, showed the way, theoretically at least, in which the sciences should be studied; Descartes, pursuing the methods pointed out by Bacon, carried the same line of abstract reason into practice as well; while Leibnitz, coming some years later, and having the advantage of the wisdom of his two great predecessors, was naturally influenced by both in his views of abstract scientific principles.		
A person born when the Sun is in any of the latter degrees of Taurus, say the twentyfifth degree, will have a small, sharp, weak chin, curved up towards Gemini, the two vertical lines on the upper lip.		
We shall see presently, however, that some twenty years later an English scientist dispelled this illusion by producing both positive (or vitreous) and negative (or resinous) electricity on the same tube of glass at the same time.		
Here again, however, the point of view of each individual plays the governing part in determining the importance of such a document.		
There is reason to believe that he based his generalizations on the experiment of Snell, though he did not openly acknowledge his indebtedness.		
wilt thou say.		
These deductions seem the more wonderful because at the time he made them the dip had just been discovered, and had not been studied except at London.		
After the death of Charles I., Lilly admitted that the monarch had given him a thousand pounds to cast his horoscope.		
The disputed nationality of Copernicus strongly suggests that he came of a mixed racial lineage, and we are reminded again of the influences of those ethnical minglings to which we have previously more than once referred.		
Gold was looked upon as the most perfect metal, and all other metals imperfect, because not yet "purified."		
If I had said that the universe does not move on account of the impotence of its ruler, I should have been wrong and your rebuke would have been in order.		
In this interpretation, not in his mere observations, lay the secret of his success.		
He had shown the fallibility of many of the teachings of the hitherto standard methods of treating diseases, and had demonstrated the advantages of independent reasoning based on observation.		
It was, therefore, a reckless alchemist indeed who dared boast that he had made the coveted discovery.		
WILLIAM GILBERT AND THE STUDY OF MAGNETISM It will be observed that the studies of Galileo and Stevinus were chiefly concerned with the force of gravitation.		
He reintroduced the use of the ligature in controlling hemorrhage, introduced the "figure of eight" suture in the operation for harelip, improved many of the medicolegal doctrines, and advanced the practice of surgery generally.		
"O all you Emperors, Kings, Princes, Rulers and Magistrates of Europe, this unaccustomed Apparition is like the Handwriting in Daniel to some of you; it premonisheth you, above all other people, to make your peace with God in time.		
As illustrating the accuracy of Tycho's observations, it may be noted that he rediscovered a third inequality of the moon's motion at its variation, he, in common with other European astronomers, being then quite unaware that this inequality had been observed by an Arabian astronomer.		
The greater the sphere is in such a case, so much longer is the time required for its revolution; the smaller the sphere the shorter the time.		
To satisfy all these doubts I have contrived the following experiment to demonstrate how truly the air does support these bodies; for I have found, when one of these bodies which floats when placed lightly on the water is thoroughly bathed and sunk to the bottom, that by carrying down to it a little air without otherwise touching it in the least, I am able to raise and carry it back to the top, where it floats as before.		
However, the little flaw in the otherwise complete demonstration of Harvey detracts nothing from the main issue at stake.		
To make such a statement today seems not unlike the sober announcement that the earth is round or that the sun does not revolve about it.		
The squares of the distance of the various planets from the sun are proportional to the cubes of their periods of revolution about the sun.		
The arguments contained in these pamphlets are very much the same as those of the astrologers three hundred years ago, except that they lack the quaint form of wording which is one of the features that lends interest to the older documents.		
Such an estimate, however, is a manifest exaggeration of the facts, although there is probably a grain of truth in it withal.		
Although Huygens's report was received last, he was anticipated by such a brief space of time, and his views are so clearly statedon the whole rather more so than those of the other twothat we give them in part here: "1.		
For example, it was useless to give the stomach of an ox in gastric diseases when the indication in such cases was really for the stomach of a rat.		
These exhibitions aroused the interest of the kings and noblemen, so that electricity no longer remained a "plaything of the philosophers" alone, but of kings as well.		
Even in the best quadrant with a plain sight, therefore, the altitude must be uncertain by that quantity.		
And it should be recalled that Antony von Leeuwenhoek, whose death took place shortly before Newton's, had discovered such microorganisms as bacteria, had seen the blood corpuscles in circulation, and examined and described other microscopic structures of the body.		
With the aid of his telescope, Galileo saw that Venus, for example, passes through phases precisely similar to those of the moon, due, of course, to the same cause.		
The sum of the products arising from multiplying the mass of any hard body into the squares of its velocity is the same both before and after the stroke.		
Two forms of pseudoscience were peculiarly prevalentalchemy and astrology.		
But while the medical science of the Mohammedans greatly overshadowed that of the Christians during this period, it did not completely obliterate it.		
But this fact, which is expressed in what we now term the first law of motion, was extremely difficult to grasp.		
In this experiment Watson discovered the superiority of wire over chain as a conductor, rightly ascribing this superiority to the continuity of the metal.		
These laws of planetary motion were vastly important as corroborating the Copernican theory of the universe, though their position in this regard was not immediately recognized by contemporary thinkers.		
Even if the astronomer himself did not believe this, some of his superstitious admirers would; for to the unscientific mind predictions of earthly events would surely seem no more miraculous than correct predictions as to the future movements of the sun, moon, and stars.		
The regular list of studies that came to be adopted everywhere comprised seven nominal branches, divided into two groupsthe socalled quadrivium, comprising music, arithmetic, geometry, and astronomy; and the trivium comprising grammar, rhetoric, and logic.		
He believed the whole body to be controlled by an archaeus influus, the soul by the archaei insiti, and these in turn controlled by the central archeus.		
He also introduced a thermometer which he advocated as valuable in cases of fever, but the instrument was probably not his own invention, but borrowed from his friend Galileo.		
When this communication was made public, it proved to be an explanation of the discovery of the composition of white light.		
In these experiments, however, Leonardo seems to have advanced little beyond Hero of Alexandria and his steam toy.		
In short, everyday experience gives us illustrations of what might be called compound motion, which makes it seem altogether plausible that, if the earth is in motion, objects at its surface will partake of that motion in a way that does not interfere with any other movements to which they may be subjected.		
"'I regret,' replied the astrologer, in answer to this inquiry, 'to be the herald of ill, though TRUE, fortune; your sojourn on earth will be short.'		
There, as every one knows, he disavowed any intention to oppose the teachings of Scripture, and formally renounced the heretical doctrine of the earth's motion.		
Boyle's notions of the exact chemical action in these phenomena were of course vague and indefinite, but he had observed that some part was played by the air, and he was right in supposing that the air "may have a great share in varying the salts obtainable from calcined vitriol.		
Unfortunately, however, there are good grounds for doubting that he was particularly influential in reintroducing these medicines.		
But now, of course, a much more simple mechanism sufficed to explain the planetary motions, since the orbits were correctly referred to the central sun and not to the earth.		
"The astrologer complied with the request of the mysterious visitor, drew forth his tables, consulted his ephemeris, and cast the horoscope or celestial map for the hour and the moment of the inquiry, according to the established rules of his art.		
Those stars, namely, which were at the equator two thousand years ago, and hence described great circles in their revolutions, must today move more slowly and in smaller circles, because they are many degrees removed from it.		
According to the familiar story, which has become one of the classic myths of science, Newton was led to take up the problem through observing the fall of an apple.		
During the three years he became more and more convinced that science was not being studied in a profitable manner, until at last, at the end of his college course, he made ready to renounce the old Aristotelian methods of study and advance his theory of inductive study.		
This principle very naturally explains why the ends of threads of silk or wool recede from each other, in the form of pencil or broom, when they have acquired an electric quality.		
And, indeed, if here and there a man might have risen to such an appreciation, there were abundant reasons for the repression of the impulse, for there was nothing humorous about the response with which the authorities of the time were wont to meet the expression of iconoclastic opinions.		
For it should be remembered that the return of the blood by the veins was unknown, and nothing like a "circulation" more than vaguely conceived even by Harvey himself.		
One of the most bitter of these contests was over the question of "revulsion," and "derivation"that is, whether in cases of pleurisy treated by bleeding, the venesection should be made at a point distant from the seat of the disease, as held by the "revulsionists," or at a point nearer and on the same side of the body, as practised by the "derivationists."		
They were supposed by him to be percipient, selfacting beings, not under arbitrary control of the deity, and yet God himself was the original monad from which all the rest are generated.		
Some little consolation was found in the thought that in case all the baser metals were converted into gold iron would then become the "precious metal," and would remain so until some new philosopher's stone was found to convert gold back into irona much more difficult feat, it was thought.		
The improved method of generating electricity that had come into general use made several of the scientists again turn their attention more particularly to attempt putting it to some practical account.		
He also ascertained that air existed in a state of mechanical mixture with liquids, "existing between their particles in a state of condensation."		
Taking his cue from this, he examined the lung of a turtle, and was able to see in it the passage of the corpuscles through these minute vessels, making their way along these previously unknown channels from the arteries into the veins on their journey back to the heart.		
It is not necessary to go into details as to the cosmological system which Copernicus advocated, since it is familiar to every one.		
ROGER BACON Bacon was born in 1214 and died in 1292.		
"Having three small, round glass bubbles, blown at the flame of a lamp, about the size of hazelnuts," he says, "each of them with a short, slender stem, by means whereof they were so exactly poised in water that a very small change of weight would make them either emerge or sink; at a time when the atmosphere was of convenient weight, I put them into a widemouthed glass of common water, and leaving them in a quiet place, where they were frequently in my eye, I observed that sometimes they would be at the top of the water, and remain there for several days, or perhaps weeks, together, and sometimes fall to the bottom, and after having continued there for some time rise again.		
At one time he even went so far as to declare that, once he was "free of this business," he would renounce scientific research forever, at least in a public way.		
Probably they did, each according to his own mental bias; but, if so, they seldom committed themselves to writing, confining their discourses largely to speculations as to the properties of this illusive substance.		
The elaborate experiments of Galileo regarding the former subject were made by measuring the velocity of a ball rolling down a plane inclined at various angles.		
One of the most important of these was the Lyncean Society, founded about the year 1611, Galileo himself being a member.		
The rocks that are of still older formation than those studied by Murchison and Sedgwick (corresponding in location to the "primary" rocks of Werner's conception) are the surface feature of vast areas in Canada, and were first prominently studied there by William I. Logan, of the Canadian Government Survey, as early as 1846, and later on by Sir William Dawson.		
This brought the matter once more to the attention of De Charpentier, who now felt that there might be something in it worth investigation.		
Ampere's distinguished countryman, Arago, a few months later, gave the finishing touches to Oersted's and Ampere's discoveries, by demonstrating conclusively that electricity not only influenced a magnet, but actually produced magnetism under proper circumstancesa complemental fact most essential in practical mechanics.		
"It is not improbable that the colors of the integuments of some insects, and of some other natural bodies, exhibiting in different lights the most beautiful versatility, may be found to be of this description, and not to be derived from thin plates.		
"The immense time necessarily required for the total destruction of the land must not be opposed to that view of future events which is indicated by the surest facts and most approved principles.		
It is known, for example, that the familiar cluster of the Pleiades is not merely an optical grouping, as was formerly supposed, but an actual federation of associated stars, some two thousand five hundred in number, only a few of which are visible to the unaided eve.		
More recently such intermediate forms had been discovered over and over; so that, to name but one example, Owen had been able, with the aid of extinct species, to "dissolve by gradations the apparently wide interval between the pig and the camel."		
As this simple little experiment led eventually to the discovery of galvanic electricity and the invention of the galvanic battery, it may be regarded as the beginning of modern electricity.		
That they occur associated with the remains of land, freshwater, and marine testacea, of species now living, and most of them still common in the same neighborhood, and also with the remains of various mammaliaa few species now living, but more of extinct forms.		
Kirchhoff himself led the way, and Donati and Father Secchi in Italy, Huggins and Miller in England, and Rutherfurd in America, were the chief of his immediate followers.		
MODERN THEORIES OF HEAT AND LIGHT THE eighteenthcentury philosopher made great strides in his studies of the physical properties of matter and the application of these properties in mechanics, as the steamengine, the balloon, the optic telegraph, the spinningjenny, the cottongin, the chronometer, the perfected compass, the Leyden jar, the lightningrod, and a host of minor inventions testify.		
Before we take up the details of the assault made by Young upon the old doctrine of the materiality of light, we must pause to consider the personality of Young himself.		
Should it be continued LONG ENOUGH!		
But if one of them were powerful enough to reunite successively by its attraction all the others around its centre of gravity, the ring of vapor would be thus transformed into a single spheroidical mass of vapor revolving around the sun with a rotation in the direction of its revolution.		
Supposing the ring to consist, not of a single row of large satellites, but a cloud of evenly distributed unconnected particles, we found that such a cloud must have a very small density in order to be permanent, and that this is inconsistent with its outer and inner parts moving with the same angular velocity.		
But here there is a tendency to dissipation rather than to concentration of energy, hence, considered as a stormgenerator, the anticyclone is of relative insignificance.		
There is still another kind, thermoelectricity, that may be generated in a most simple manner.		
M. de Perthes invited me to visit Abbeville, in order to examine his antediluvian collection, fossil and geological, gleaned from the valley of the Somme.		
It is true the sun also contains some seeming elements that are unknown on the earth, but this is no matter for surprise.		
Not all the strange beasts which have left their remains in our "bad lands" are represented by living descendants.		
Hence the ease with which the comet may be dismembered and its particles strung out into streaming swarms.		
Thus also the "miracle" of the falling stone, against which the scientific scepticism of yesterday presented "an evil heart of unbelief," turns out to be the most natural phenomena, inasmuch as it is repeated in our atmosphere some millions of times each day.		
If the views which I have taken are just, there will be no difficulty in explaining why the habitations of so many species are now restrained within exceeding narrow limits.		
Continuing his studies, particularly with material gathered from gypsum beds near Paris, he had accumulated, by the beginning of the nineteenth century, bones of about twentyfive species of animals that he believed to be different from any now living on the globe.		
But if H + O becomes HO, heat, cal., makes its appearance as well as water; this heat must likewise have a cause, x, and we have therefore H + O + X = HO + cal.		
And such restriction of the monsoon is likely to result when there has been an unusually deep or very late snowfall on the Himalayas, because of the lowering of spring temperature by the melting snow.		
He became an enthusiastic supporter of the idea that the Alps had once been imbedded in a mass of ice, and in 1836 he brought the notion to the attention of Louis Agassiz, who was spending the summer in the Alps.		
He saw a great truth without fully realizing its import; it was left for others, approaching the same truth along another path, to point out its full significance.		
Until the paleontologist found out the key to the earth's chronology, no onenot even Huttoncould have any definite idea as to the true story of the earth's past.		
Indeed, we live on the border of the last glacial epoch, for with the closing of this period the long geologic past merges into the present.		
"Let us consider now the zones of vapor successively left behind.		
I may remark that lateral and terminal moraines alone enable us to recognize with certainty the limits of glacial extension, because they can be easily distinguished from the dikes and irregularly distributed stones carried down by the Alpine torrents, The lateral moraines deposited upon the sides of valleys are rarely affected by the larger torrents, but they are, however, often cut by the small streams which fall down the side of a mountain, and which, by interfering with their continuity, make them so much more difficult to recognize.		
While some of the results obtained with Davy's batteries were practically as satisfactory as could be obtained with modern cell batteries, the batteries themselves were anything but satisfactory.		
The fifth decade of the century had seen it elaborated and substantially demonstrated in at least three different countries, yet even the leaders of thought did not so much as know of its existence.		
The remains of equine mammals, now known from the tertiary and quaternary deposits of this country, already represent more than double the number of genera and species hitherto found in the strata of the eastern hemisphere, and hence afford most important aid in tracing out the genealogy of the horses still existing.		
"This is the view in which we are now to examine the globe; to see if there be, in the constitution of the world, a reproductive operation by which a ruined constitution may be again repaired and a duration of stability thus procured to the machine considered as a world containing plants and animals.		
The Discovery of Neptune As we have seen, the discovery of the first asteroid confirmed a conjecture; the other important planetary discovery of the nineteenth century fulfilled a prediction.		
Furthermore, in seas where conditions change but little the same form of rock may be made age after age.		
Always a number of minds are very near a truth before any one mind fully grasps it.		
Yet there the stones are.		
Thus it appears that though the thoughts of men had widened, in those closing days of the eighteenth century, to include the stars, they had not as yet expanded to receive the most patent records that are written everywhere on the surface of the earth.		
Here, however, even more appropriate than in the other casemore's the pitywould have been the application of his qualifying clause: "but that happeneth rarely."		
It never whirls in concentric circles; it always either rushes in towards the centre in a descending spiral, in which case it is called a cyclone, or it spreads out from the centre in a widening spiral, in which case it is called an anticyclone.		
"The increase of speed was equally well marked, and was a direct result of the gradual formation of the limbs.		
Indeed, as so often happens in fields of discovery, two other workers had almost simultaneously solved the same problemStruve at Pulkowa, where the great Russian observatory, which so long held the palm over all others, had now been established; and Thomas Henderson, then working at the Cape of Good Hope, but afterwards the Astronomer Royal of Scotland.		
The physicist could think of but one way: they must assume that the ether is incompressible.		
The other class is composed of causes which are wanting in the properties just mentionednamely, forces, called also imponderables, from the negative property that has been indicated.		
By an extensive series of experiments with the above apparatus the author succeeded in proving that heat is evolved by the coils of the magnetoelectrical machine, as well as by any other part of the circuit, in proportion to the resistance to conduction of the wire and the square of the current; the magneto having, under comparable circumstances, the same calorific power as the voltaic electricity.		
"In the primitive condition in which we suppose the sun to have been, it resembled a nebula such as the telescope shows is composed of a nucleus more or less brilliant, surrounded by a nebulosity which, on condensing itself towards the centre, forms a star.		
There is no sure test available by which it could be shown that the Devonian age, for instance, as outlined in the strata of Europe, did not begin millions of years earlier or later than the period whose records are said to represent the Devonian age in America.		
When Faraday wrote those words in 1840 he was treading on the very heels of a greater generalization than any which he actually formulated; nay, he had it fairly within his reach.		
The suspended substances will have been all the lighter and finer particles of the upper beds where the disintegration had been extreme; and particularly their mica, which, owing to the tenuity of its plateshaped crystals, would be most readily carried up by the ascending fluid, and will have remained longest in suspension.		
All the phenomena of chemical decomposition were produced with intense rapidity by this combination.		
But, of course, the uniformitarian faith permitted no such explanation, nor could it countenance the projection idea; so Lyell was bound to find some other means of transportation for the puzzling erratics.		
The linking of nebulae with stars, so clearly evidenced by all these modern observations, is, after all, only the scientific corroboration of what the elder Herschel's later theories affirmed.		
In 1840 Agassiz published a paper in which the results of his Alpine studies were elaborated.		
It is generally held that the first choice lies between Joule and Mayer.		
The effect of the raised weight is, therefore, also a force; or, expressed in a more general form, SEPARATION IN SPACE OF PONDERABLE OBJECTS IS A FORCE; and since this force causes the fall of bodies, we call it FALLING FORCE.		
His discovery was consummated in the early days of the nineteenth century, when he brought forward the first, conclusive proofs of the undulatory theory of light.		
The share of Lagrange was hardly less than that of his coworker; but Laplace will longer be remembered, because he ultimately brought his completed labors into a system, and, incorporating with them the labors of his contemporaries, produced in the Mecanique Celeste the undisputed mathematical monument of the century, a fitting complement to the Principia of Newton, which it supplements and in a sense completes.		
Pioneer work in celestial photography was, indeed, done by Arago in France and by the elder Draper in America in 1839, but the results then achieved were only tentative, and it was not till forty years later that the method assumed really important proportions.		
There was nothing haphazard, nothing accidental, about this; it bore the stamp of unalterable law.		
Yet one and all, so distant are they, remain mere disklike points of light before the utmost powers of the modern telescope.		
In its place Lyell put forward a modified hypothesis of special creation.		
"All these arrangements being made, the copper disk was adjusted, the small magnetic poles being about onehalf an inch apart, and the edge of the plate inserted about half their width between them.		
Out of them also grew in the mind of one of the investigators a new generalization, only second in importance to the doctrine of conservation itself.		
But while all these affinities seemed so clear to the great coordinating brain of Young, they made no such impression on the minds of his contemporaries.		
In order to reach a decision on this point, we must discuss the question whether, in the numberless cases in which the expenditure of motion is accompanied by the appearance of heat, the motion has not some other effect than the production of heat, and the heat some other cause than the motion.		
But Humboldt's isothermal lines for the first time gave tangibility to these ideas, and made practicable a truly scientific study of comparative climatology.		
It was not until another method of generating electricity was discovered that Davy's demonstration could be turned to practical account.		
The opposition managed to delay the publication of Fresnel's papers, but Arago continued to fight with his customary enthusiasm and pertinacity, and at last, in 1823, the Academy yielded, and voted Fresnel into its ranks, thus implicitly admitting the value of his work.		
Before Hutton's views could be accepted, his pivotal conception that time is long must be established by convincing proofs.		
Thus the earth should rotate from east to west, but nevertheless the absolute movement of its molecules should be from east to west; and this ought also to apply to the movement of the revolution of the satellites, in which the direction, according to the hypothesis which he offers, is not necessarily the same as that of the progressive movement of the planets.		
The water so heated (from twelve to thirteen degrees centigrade) has a greater bulk after being shaken than it had before.		
"Where this fluid was produced in abundance by great dilatationthat is, in the outer and highly disintegrated strata, the superior specific gravity of the crystals forced it to ooze upward, and thus a great quantity of aqueous vapor was produced on the surface of the globe.		
The Structure of Nebulae Yet the new instruments, while leaving so much untold, have revealed some vastly important secrets of cosmic structure.		
"(1) But this experiment demonstrated another thing besides the possibility of producing electric light and chemical decomposition, this being the heating power capable of being produced by the electric current.		
The importance of this discovery was at once recognized by Sir Humphry Davy, who began experimenting immediately in this new field.		
But this phenomenon is not in the least astonishing when it is seen to occur also within the limits of actual glaciers, and it is recalled by what circumstances it is occasioned.		
In 1837 Agassiz had introduced his theory to the world, in a paper read at Neuchatel, and three years later he published his famous Etudes sur les Glaciers, from which we have just quoted.		
Reversing the experiments of his predecessors, who had found that electric currents may generate magnetism, he showed that magnets have power under certain circumstances to generate electricity; he proved, indeed, the interconvertibility of electricity and magnetism.		
Young and imaginative men could accept the new point of view; older philosophers, their minds channelled by preconceptions, could not get into the new groove.		
After such fiascos the cometary train could never again pose as a worlddestroyer.		
Even his famous cosmogonic guess, according to which water is the essence of all things and the primordial element out of which the earth was developed, is but an elaboration of the Babylonian conception.		
Indeed, his work might almost be called an exposition of the astronomical doctrines of Hipparchus.		
Diodorus Siculus, who, as already noted, lived at about the time of Augustus, and who, therefore, scanned in perspective the entire sweep of classical Greek history, has left us a striking summary which is doubly valuable because of its comparisons of Babylonian with Greek influence.		
Let us witness the beginnings of scientific therapeutics.		
This classification, as will be observed, is not so very far afield from the modern divisions into mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fishes.		
If one will hold the corkscrew in a slanting direction and turn it slowly to the right, supposing that the point dips up a portion of water each time it revolves, one can in imagination follow the flow of that portion of water from spiral to spiral, the water always running downward, of course, yet paradoxically being lifted higher and higher towards the base of the corkscrew, until finally it pours out (in the actual Archimedes' tube) at the top.		
If it seem that reference to this carries us beyond the bounds of science, it may be replied that questions such as this will not lie beyond the bounds of the science of the near future.		
as a Pythagorean doctrine cannot be questioned.		
Such as it is, however, the natural history stands to the credit of the Stagirite.		
Hipparchus must have known of that measurement, since he quotes the work of Aristarchus in other fields.		
His knowledge of anatomy was certainly very considerable, but many of his deductions and theories as to the functions of organs, the cause of diseases, and his methods of treating them, would be recognized as absurd by a modern schoolboy of average intelligence.		
Here, then, was the heliocentric doctrine reduced to a virtual demonstration by Aristarchus of Samos, somewhere about the middle of the third century B.C.		
It appears, however, that the Egyptian astronomer divided the zodiac into twentyfour decani, or constellations.		
BABYLONIAN MEDICINE We have just seen that medical practice in the Babylonian world was strangely under the cloud of superstition.		
A lump of pure gold of the weight of the crown was immersed in a certain receptacle filled with water, and the overflow noted.		
They are skilful likewise in the Art of Divination, by the flying of Birds, and interpreting of Dreams and Prodigies: And are reputed as true Oracles (in declaring what will come to pass) by their exact and diligent viewing the Intrals of the Sacrifices.		
Nor was the task confined to the natives of Babylonia and Assyria alone.		
"Thunder," he is reputed to have said, "was produced by the collision of the clouds, and lightning by the rubbing together of the clouds."		
As new irregularities of motion of the sun, moon, and planetary bodies were pointed out, new epicycles were invented.		
But one among them was remembered in later times as having had a peculiar aversion to the anthropomorphic conceptions of his fellows.		
For the earth, be it understood, like a great top spinning through space, holds its position with relative but not quite absolute fixity.		
Here it was, beyond the confines of actual Greek territory, that Hellenic thought found its second home, its first home being, as we have seen, in Asia Minor.		
Empedocles appears to have been at once an observer and a dreamer.		
"(15) In regard to evil spirits, as elsewhere, the number seven had a peculiar significance, it being held that that number of spirits might enter into a man together.		
From this it derived the word Almagest, by which Ptolemy's work continued to be known among the Arabs, and subsequently among Europeans when the book again became known in the West.		
And now the historians of philosophy became more than anxious to do justice to the memory of Democritus.		
"(3) Nous, then, as Anaxagoras conceives it, is "the most rarefied of all things, and the purest, and it has knowledge in regard to everything and the greatest power; over all that has life, both greater and less, it rules."		
We shall thus gain a clear idea as to the state of scientific geography towards the close of the classical epoch.		
In reading his book, however, one is forced to the conclusion that Strabo is an investigator of details, not an original thinker.		
We know how essentially eyeminded the Egyptian was, to use a modern psychological phrasethat is to say, how essential to him it seemed that all his conceptions should be visualized.		
In this, air heated in a retort like a miniature altar is allowed to escape through the sides of two pairs of revolving arms precisely like those of the ordinary revolving fountain with which we are accustomed to water our lawns, the revolving arms being attached to a plane on which several pairs of statuettes representing dancers are placed, An even more interesting application of this principle of setting a wheel in motion is furnished in a mechanism which must be considered the earliest of steamengines.		
He might claim for his largest atom the same quality of substance as for his smallest, but so long as he conceived that the large atoms, when adjusted together to form a tangible substance, formed a substance different in quality from the substance which the small atoms would make up when similarly grouped, this concession amounts to the predication of difference of quality between the atoms themselves.		
As already noted, the heliocentric doctrine is not expressly stated here.		
It is precisely the same with the imagined course of the sun in its orbit, only that we view these lines just as we should view the lantern on the wheel if we looked at it from directly above and not from the side.		
It has been the favorite pastime of historians to weave their own anachronistic theories upon the scanty woof of the halfremembered thoughts of the ancient philosophers.		
Thus Plutarch cites Empedocles as believing "that the ruling part is not in the head or in the breast, but in the blood; wherefore in whatever part of the body the more of this is spread in that part men excel.		
The scientific drama is now played out upon a single stage; and if we pass, as we shall in the present chapter, from Alexandria to Syracuse and from Syracuse to Samos, the shift of scenes does no violence to the dramatic unities.		
Yet it is much to be regretted that he failed to do so, since the deference which was accorded his authority throughout the Middle Ages would doubtless have been extended in some measure at least to this theory as well, had he championed it.		
Here there were no flaws in the reasoning of Anaxagoras.		
The latter statement would not bear too close an examination, yet it is true that no extensive prose compositions of an earlier day than this have been preserved, though numerous others are known by their fragments.		
This theory, it must be confessed, made no very great impression upon his contemporaries.		
After the Phoenicians as a nation had ceased to have importance; after their original script had been endlessly modified by many alien nations; after the original alphabet had made the conquest of all civilized Europe and of far outlying portions of the Orientthe Egyptian and Babylonian scribes continued to indite their missives in the same old pictographs and syllables.		
It was quite otherwise with the unlucky and dangerous days, which imposed so many and such great limitations on people that those who wished to be prudent were always obliged to bear them in mind when determining on any course of action.		
The value of the work from our present standpoint is chiefly due to the criticisms which Strabo passes upon his forerunners, and to the incidental historical and scientific references with which his work abounds.		
They give the Name of Interpreters to these Stars, because these only by a peculiar Motion do portend things to come, and instead of Jupiters, do declare to Men beforehand the goodwill of the Gods; whereas the other Stars (not being of the number of the Planets) have a constant ordinary motion.		
Of course the precession of the equinoxes, due to that axial wobble in which our clumsy earth indulges, would change the apparent position of the fixed stars in reference to the sun, so that the same star could not do service as heliacal messenger indefinitely; but, on the other hand, these changes are so slow that observations by many generations of astronomers would be required to detect the shifting.		
Children are not born to them!		
The true hypothesis, which places the sun at the centre of the planetary system and postulates the orbital and axial motions of our earth in explanation of the motions of the heavenly bodies, has been put forward and ardently championed, but, unfortunately, is not accepted by the dominant thinkers at the close of our epoch.		
That they were real persons is not at all in question, but much that is merely traditional has come to be associated with their names.		
VII.		
Then the methods of observation were still crude, and it was quite the custom for a thinker of forceful personality to find an eager following among disciples who never thought of putting his theories to the test of experiment.		
But for us, looking back without prejudice across the stage of years, it seems indisputable that a great epoch came to a close at about the time when the barbarian nations of Europe began to sweep down into Greece and Italy.		
He knew, also, that the heart was made up of layers of fibres that ran in certain fixed directionsthat is, longitudinal, transverse, and oblique; but he did not recognize the heart as a muscular organ.		
The association between Anaxagoras and Democritus cannot be directly traced, but it is an association which the historian of ideas should never for a moment forget.		
"One day was lucky or unlucky," says Erman,(3) "according as a good or bad mythological incident took place on that day.		
Euclid's work, of course, gives expression to much knowledge that did not originate with him.		
Minerals occupy a long series in these tablets.		
One of these, Leucippus, presents so uncertain a figure as to be almost mythical.		
In other words, the magical prevision of the father of Greek thought was but a reflex of Oriental wisdom.		
Yet, as a whole, the record does not enable us to trace with clearness the progress of scientific thought.		
But, of course, such mysterious evils as these would be met and combated by equally mysterious processes; and so it was that the entire art of medicine was closely linked with magical practices.		
Even in the time of Calippus fiftyfive of these spheres were computed.		
But, besides this, he introduced more detailed observation of diseases, and demonstrated the importance that attaches to prognosis.		
"But," concludes Talbot, "I can offer no decided opinion upon such obscure points of their superstition.		
Here they are: "First: The surface of every coherent liquid in a state of rest is spherical, and the centre of the sphere coincides with the centre of the earth.		
As we moderns see it, such criticism is the highest possible praise.		
In other words, the theory of epicycles will account for all the facts of the observed motions of all the heavenly bodies, but in so doing it fills the universe with a most bewildering network of intersecting circles.		
The Chinese adopt a more clumsy expedient, supplying a different symbol for each of the meanings of a syllable; so that while the actual wordsounds of their speech are only a few hundreds in number, the characters of their written language mount high into the thousands.		
Neither need we concern ourselves with the details as to the geographical distances, which Strabo found so worthy of criticism and controversy.		
On the other hand, the conservative scholar doubtless thought it distinctly ambiguous.		
Once every Ten Days space (they say) one of the highest Order of these Stars descends to them that are of the lowest, like a Messenger sent from them above; and then again another ascends from those below to them above, and that this is their constant natural motion to continue for ever.		
These physicians had been treating this condition by applications of poultices to the hand itself.		
The sole element of truth which these dreamings contain, as distinguishing them from the dreamings of Anaxagoras, is in the conception that the various atoms differ in size and weight.		
Each soldier was supplied with bandages, and was probably instructed in applying them, something in the same manner as is done now in all modern armies.		
But with all these defects, the total achievement of the Greek astronomers is stupendous.		
The passage of Aristotle in which this opinion is ascribed to Anaxagoras is of sufficient interest to be quoted at length: "Democritus, of Abdera," says Aristotle, "and some others, that have spoken concerning respiration, have determined nothing concerning other animals, but seem to have supposed that all animals respire.		
He maintained, for example, that respiration and the pulsebeat were for one and the same purposethat of the reception of air into the arteries of the body.		
His writings on natural history have largely been preserved, and they constitute by far the most important contribution to the subject that has come down to us from antiquity.		
It is certainly one of the most remarkable scientific documents of antiquity.		
With the culmination of Greek effort in the socalled Hellenistic period we have seen ancient science at its climax.		
Thus he constructs numerous mechanisms in which the expansive power of air under pressure is made to do work, and others in which the same end is accomplished through the expansive power of heated air.		
The proof that the sun is describing this waving line, and therefore must be considered as attached to an imaginary wheel, is furnished, as it seemed to Hipparchus, by the observed fact of the sun's varying speed.		
In a word, the evidence, so far as we can garner it from the remaining fragments, tends to show that all along, from the time of the early Pythagoreans, there had been an undercurrent of opinion in the philosophical world which questioned the fixity of the earth; and it would seem that the school of thinkers who tended to accept the revolutionary view centred in Asia Minor, not far from the early home of the founder of the Pythagorean doctrines.		
