I am pleased with the word.		
[1] This was immediately followed by an interview, and in an hour's time these two extraordinary youths were arm in arm again.		
As far as "words" go, I have become a formidable chemisthaving got by heart a prodigious quantity of terms, etc., to which I attach "some" ideas, very scanty in number, I assure you, and right meagre in their individual persons.		
During my long illness I had compelled into hours of delight many a sleepless painful hour of darkness by chasing down metaphysical game, and since then I have continued the hunt, till I found myself, unaware, at the root of pure mathematics, and up that tall smooth tree, whose few poor branches are all at the very summit, am I climbing by pure adhesive strength of arms and thighs, still slipping down, still renewing my ascent.		
Caius Gracchus must have been little accustomed to abstruse disquisitions, if he deem Mr. Godwin's work abstruse:A chief (and certainly not a small) merit is its perspicuous and "popular" language.		
said the Prophet Ezekiel, when, I suppose, he was taking a prophetic glimpse of my sorrowsallowed cheeks.		
God bless him!		
In No.		
the boy wrote better than the man!		
You must not think lightly of the present, as they cost me, who am a very poor man, five shillings.		
[Bristol, December 26, 1796.]		
I have likewise enclosed the Numbers which have been hitherto published of "The Watchman";some of the Poetry may perhaps be serviceable to you in your paper.		
God bless you, S. T. COLERIDGE.		
My dear Cottle, I have no mercenary feelings, I verily believe; but I hate bartering at any time, and with any person; with you it is absolutely intolerable.		
There is something so touching and romantic in the  incident that the Reader will, it is hoped, pardon the insertion of the  original narrative here.		
farewell, the Muse!		
I think that my soul must have preexisted in the body of a chamois chaser.		
I have been respectfully and kindly treated at Shrewsbury.		
I was piqued, and answered, "Ah!		
I do not regret itit will make me 'feel' my dependence on the Almighty, and it will prevent my affections from being made earthly altogether.		
At Bristol I will go to "CoteHouse"[1] At all events, barring serious illness, serious fractures, and the et cetera of serious unforeseens, I shall be at Bristol, Tuesday noon, November 9.		
Every possible assistance will be given us; we may get credit for the land for ten years or more, as we settle upon.		
[Footnote 1: One of the Pantisocrats.]		
Beyond a doubt he has made himself acquainted with the degree of heat which he is to experience there (the West Indies).		
We can quote only two fragments from those to his wife, and the long one, "Over the Brocken".		
The tenderest touch from the hand of obligation wounds thee like a scourge of scorpions!		
She was nearly related to Sir Joshua Reynolds.		
Believe me, my dear sir, with every feeling of love, esteem, and gratitude, Your affectionate friend, S. T. COLERIDGE.		
The fourth couple was a sweet girl of about seventeen, delicately slender, and very prettily dressed, with a fullblown rose in the white ribbon that went round her head, and confined her reddishbrown hair; and her partner waltzed with a pipe in his mouth, smoking all the while; and during the whole of this voluptuous dance, his countenance was a fair personification of true German phlegm.		
I am anxious beyond measure to be in the country as soon as possible.		
Perhaps I shall not make myself intelligible; but the strong and unmixed affection which I bear to you seems to exclude all emotions of gratitude, and renders even the principle of esteem latent and inert.		
LETTER 67.		
To THOMAS POOLE My Dear Sir, God bless youor rather God be praised for that he has blessed you!		
No, God knows, I am sufficiently sceptical, and in truth more than sceptical, concerning the possibility of universal plenty and wisdom; but my doubts rest on other grounds.		
But it were a bad heart that could not pardon worse faults than these in the author of "The Diversions of Purley".		
[Footnote 1: A name changed to "The Excursion".]		
In spite of this letter Coleridge had not abandoned the project of starting a magazine.		
Mch.		
They do not often enough            Feel their burdened breast   Heaving beneath incumbent Deity.		
of "Joan of Arc", ("Destiny of Nations", Poet.		
18 lines in a page, the line closely printed, certainly more closely printed than those of the "Joan";[2] ("Oh, by all means, closer, "W. Wordsworth"") equal ink, and large margins; that is beauty; it may even, under your immediate care, mingle the sublime!		
Berdmore had been ill. We were not a little glad to see each other.		
The tenth and last child was Samuel Taylor, the subject and author of these Epistles.		
yet, when I sought to speak,   Through her halfopen'd eyelids She did send   Faint looks, that said, 'I would be yet thy friend!'		
Thomas Wedgwood, Esq.		
His leaning notwithstanding this was already towards Republicanism, and the friendship struck up between him and Southey was a natural consequence of flint coming into contact with steel.		
LETTER 78.		
Forgive me, my dear sir, if I have said too much.		
LETTER 3.		
My Father's new nomenclature was not likely to become popular, although it must be allowed to be both sonorous and expressive.		
It is interesting to compare this letter with that to Poole of 6th May 1796; it will be seen that Coleridge thus carried out his project of three years before.		
Sir, I am not absolutely certain that the following poem was written by Edmund Spenser, and found by an angler buried in a fishingbox:   Under the foot of Mole, that Mountain hoar,   Mid the green alders, by the Mulla's shore; but a learned Antiquarian of my acquaintance has given it as his opinion that it resembles Spenser's minor poems as nearly as "Vortigern" and "Rowena" the Tragedies of William Shakespeare.		
Then proceeding from the individual to the aggregate of individuals, and disregarding all chronology, except that of mind, I should perfect them: 1in the history of savage tribes; 2of semibarbarous nations; 3of nations emerging from semibarbarism; 4of civilized states; 5of luxurious states; 6of revolutionary states; 7of colonies.		
Every morning a bit of dry bread and some bad small beer.		
O that you had now before your eyes the delicious picture of lake, and river, and bridge, and cottage, and spacious field with its pathway, and woody hill with its spring verdure, and mountain with the snow yet lingering in fantastic patches upon it, even the same which I had from my sick bed, even without raising my head from the pillow!		
Birds.		
TO DAVY Monday, May 4, 1801.		
I would it were possible to get a temporary residence till Adscombe is ready for us.		
Did you get my attempt at a tragedy from Mrs. Robinson?		
In your next letter you will, perhaps, give me some hints respecting your prose plans.		
[2] [Footnote: 1 Westbury, near Bristol, the then residence of Mr. John Wedgwood.]		
..." Upon my soul, I believe there is not a letter in those words round which a world of imagery does not circumvolve; your room, the garden, the cold bath, the moonlight rocks, Barristed, Moore, and simplelooking Frere, and dreams of wonderful things attached to your nameand Skiddaw, and Glaramara, and Eagle Crag, and you, and Wordsworth, and me, on the top of them!		
It gave me no pain, and great pleasure, in finding that it gave me no pain.		
In the next place, supposing that we have found the preponderating utility of our aspheterising in Wales, let us by our speedy and united inquiries discover the sum of money necessary.		
I was nearly frantic, and ran about the house almost naked, endeavouring by every means to excite sensation in different parts of my body, and so to weaken the enemy by creating a division.		
I grow, however, exceedingly interested in the subject.		
or Apl.		
The next day my versemaking faculties returned to me, and I proceeded successfully, till my poem grew so long, and in Wordsworth's opinion so impressive, that he rejected it from his volume, as disproportionate both in size and merit, and as discordant in its character.		
"Nay," says she, "we are not so scant as thatyou are right welcome; but do you know any help for the rheumatics, for I have been so long ailing that I am almost fain to die?"		
Godwin.		
Take a few hints, without the abstruse reasons for them, with which I mean to favour you.		
[2] [Footnote 1:  The reader will have observed a peculiarity in most of Mr. Coleridge's conclusions to his letters.		
He also published a Latin Exercise book, and a Sermon.		
ii, p.		
But if you think as well of them as I do (most probably from parental dotage for my last born) let them immediately follow "The Kiss".		
The beauty of 'Christabel' touched Sir Walter's romantic imagination, and echoes of the poem are discernible in the 'Lay of the Last Minstrel' and the 'Bridal of Tryermain'.		
I am writing, you understand, for no worldly purpose but that of avoiding anxious thoughts.		
I can send them with 100 of the first number, which he has written for.		
TO THE EDITOR OF THE "MONTHLY MAGAZINE" January 1798.		
But from this privilege I am utterly precluded by my own epistolary sins and negligences.		
Amphibious.		
I know not whether Wordsworth will forgive the stimulant tale of "Thalaba",'tis a turtle soup, highly seasoned, but with a flavour of its own predominant.		
For dinner,on Sunday, boiled beef and broth; Monday, bread and butter, and milk and water; Tuesday, roast mutton; Wednesday, bread and butter, and rice milk; Thursday, boiled beef and broth; Friday, boiled mutton and broth; Saturday, bread and butter, and peaseporridge.		
They did so, and this marriage proving remarkably happy, it became the custom to invoke the name of Hymen at all nuptials.		
(S. 16, 17.)		
), and the marriage of the Thames with the Medway (B. IV.		
Besides, I say the rhythm requires 'initiation,' and is lame as the verse now stands.		
[his translationtext Ed.])		
I am not sorry neither.		
I smiled to myself at the sight of this money: "O drug!"		
Women are good novelists, but indifferent poets; and this because they rarely or never thoroughly distinguish between fact and fiction.		
The mind, therefore, which at all times, with and without our distinct consciousness, seeks for, and assumes, some outward cause for every impression from without, and which in sleep, by aid of the imaginative faculty, converts its judgments respecting the cause into a personal image as being the cause,the mind, I say, in this case, deceived by past experience, attributes the painful sensation received to a correspondent agent,an assassin, for instance, stabbing at the side, or a goblin sitting on the breast.		
Compare the passage in the 'Iliad' (Z. vi.		
Che debb' io far?		
Yet Telemachus is in every mouth, in every schoolboy's and schoolgirl's hand!		
ye neglected sylphs!		
Herein Bruno speaks not only as a philosopher, but as an enlightened Christian;the Evangelists and Apostles every where representing their moral precepts not as doctrines then first revealed, but as truths implanted in the hearts of men, which their vices only could have obscured.		
[Shouts without.]		
had but her wish in   going up to town just to lie in and come down again; which, they say,   she begged and prayed for upon her bare knees, and which, in my   opinion, considering the fortune which Mr. Shandy got with her, was no   such mighty matter to have complied with, the lady and her babe might   both of them have been alive at this hour.		
This would be enough, and indeed less than this has passed, for a sufficient account of humour, if we did not recollect that not every predominance of character, even where not precluded by the moral sense, as in criminal dispositions, constitutes what we mean by a humourist, or the presentation of its produce, humour.		
c. 7. st. 312.		
The general shout burst forth,   "Live the ConventionDown with Robespierre!"		
ON THE DISTINCTIONS OF THE WITTY, THE DROLL, THE ODD, AND THE HUMOUROUS; THE NATURE AND CONSTITUENTS OF HUMOUR;RABELAISSWIFTSTERNE.		
The mere etymological meaning of the word, allegory,to talk of one thing and thereby convey another,is too wide.		
O!		
Alas!		
In Massinger, as in all our poets before Dryden, in order to make harmonious verse in the reading, it is absolutely necessary that the meaning should be understood;when the meaning is once seen, then the harmony is perfect.		
I have, I believe, formerly observed with regard to the character of the governments of the East, that their tendency was despotic, that is, towards unity; whilst that of the Greek governments, on the other hand, leaned to the manifold and the popular, the unity in them being purely ideal, namely of all as an identification of the whole.		
COLLOT D'HERBOIS.		
TRANSLATION.		
(Part 1. sect.		
GOODNESS OF HEART INDISPENSABLE TO A MAN OF GENIUS.		
He has frequently at the first feel corrected the mistakes of the most experienced sportsman with regard to the birds or vermin which they had killed, when it chanced to be a variety or rare species so completely resembling the common one, that it required great steadiness of observation to detect the difference, even after it had been pointed out.		
PERITURAE PARCERE CHARTAE.		
And wherefore fear we death?		
xvii.		
The subtle snow in every passing breeze   Rose curling from the grove like shafts of smoke.		
There is a greatness arising from images of effort and daring, and also from those of moral endurance; in Milton both are united.		
Statists that labour to contrive a commonwealth without any poverty,   take away the object of our charity, not only not understanding the   commonwealth of a Christian, but forgetting the prophecies of Christ.		
7.		
The psychological cause is easily stated, and copiously exemplifiable.		
"There are some persons (observes a divine, a contemporary of Milton's) of whom the grace of God takes early hold, and the good spirit inhabiting them, carries them on in an even constancy through innocence into virtue, their Christianity bearing equal date with their manhood, and reason and religion, like warp and woof, running together, make up one web of a wise and exemplary life.		
De Foe was a true philanthropist, who had risen above the antipathies of nationality; but he was evidently partial to the Spanish character, which, however, it is not, I fear, possible to acquit of cruelty.		
MOTIVES AND IMPULSES.		
In truth, he differs from our great master in every thingin form and in substanceand betrays no tokens of his proximity.		
But he is not a poet of high imagination; he is like a Flemish painter, in whose delineations objects appear as they do in nature, have the same force and truth, and produce the same effect upon the spectator.		
[Footnote 2: Had Casimir any better authority for this quantity than Tertullian's line,   Immemor ille Dei temere committere tale?		
C. 1.		
FOURTH MESSENGER.		
III.		
If the artist copies the mere nature, the 'natura naturata', what idle rivalry?		
They deem the whole written by inspiration.		
He is therefore more led to individualize in a mere personal sense.		
L. XIV.		
But the nightmair is not a mere dream, but takes place when the waking state of the brain is recommencing, and most often during a rapid alternation, a twinkling, as it were, of sleeping and waking;while either from pressure on, or from some derangement in, the stomach or other digestive organs acting on the external skin (which is still in sympathy with the stomach and bowels,) and benumbing it, the sensations sent up to the brain by double touch (that is, when my own hand touches my side or breast,) are so faint as to be merely equivalent to the sensation given by single touch, as when another person's hand touches me.		
The every way amiable and estimable John Gough of Kendal is not only an excellent mathematician, but an infallible botanist and zoologist.		
For having a sickly and deformed child, and resolved that it should not be thought to have been punished for any fault of its parents or ancestors, and yet having nothing else for which to blame the child, she seriously and earnestly accused it before the judge of having kicked her unmercifully during her pregnancy.		
Yes!		
A SOBER STATEMENT OF HUMAN LIFE, OR THE TRUE MEDIUM.		
Do not the following passages of Giordano Bruno (published in 1591) seem to imply more?		
We must, therefore, take the poetry of Dante as christianized, but without the further Gothic accession of proper chivalry.		
Yet if, as soon as it is light, O Rain!		
The primary art is writing;primary, if we regard the purpose abstracted from the different modes of realizing it, those steps of progression of which the instances are still visible in the lower degrees of civilization.		
Now, what if the odd accident of such a man as Bernal Dias' writing a history had not taken place!		
Rebelling against his conscience he becomes the slave of his own furious will.		
While most were wooing wealth, or gaily swerving   To pleasure's secret haunt, and some apart   Stood strong in pride, selfconscious of deserving,   To you I gave my whole weak wishing heart;   And when I met the maid that realized   Your fair creations, and had won her kindness,   Say but for her if aught on earth I prized!		
I denounce Fleuriot too, the mayor of Paris.		
On the broad mountain top   The neighing wild colt races with the wind   O'er fern and heathflowers.		
Exactly so.		
In the last scene, horses in rich trappings and carriages covered with gold are introduced, and the good children are to ride in them and be Lord Mayors, Lords, &c.; Cain and the bad ones are to be made cobblers and tinkers, and only to associate with such.		
"Why are you reading romances at your age?"		
For a true poet will never confound verse and prose; whereas it is almost characteristic of indifferent prose writers that they should be constantly slipping into scraps of metre.		
her generous sons attach'd   To principles, not persons, spurn the idol   They worshipp'd once.		
A capital letter, addressed to a private person, and intended as a sharp reproof for intrusion.		
This is the deep mystery of the abyss of God.		
A perusal of the authorities cited by Johnson in his dictionary under any leading word, will give you a lively sense of this declension in etymological truth of expression in the writers after the Restoration, or perhaps, strictly, after the middle of the reign of Charles II.		
Thus all combined, yet all were separate; all served, yet all were free.		
It might be presumption to say, that any important part of these Lectures could not be derived from books; but none, I trust, in supposing, that the same information could not be so surely or conveniently acquired from such books as are of commonest occurrence, or with that quantity of time and attention which can be reasonably expected, or even wisely desired, of men engaged in business and the active duties of the world.		
And indeed, whilst I can never, I trust, show myself blind to the various merits of Jonson, Beaumont and Fletcher, and Massinger, or insensible to the greatness of the merits which they possess in common, or to the specific excellencies which give to each of the three a worth of his own,I confess, that one main object of this Lecture was to prove that Shakspeare's eminence is his own, and not that of his age;even as the pineapple, the melon, and the gourd may grow on the same bed;yea, the same circumstances of warmth and soil may be necessary to their full development, yet do not account for the golden hue, the ambrosial flavour, the perfect shape of the pineapple, or the tufted crown on its head.		
The difference between such a man and a bolder liar, is merely that between the hour hand, and that which tells the seconds, on a watch.		
It tended there to union and permanence and elevation,not as the overbalance of it in England is now doing, to dislocation, change and moral degradation.		
It is most unpleasant to converse with such persons on subjects of taste, philosophy, or religion.		
compare this word with its literal translation, "tailhornhoofed Satan," and be shy of compound epithets, the components of which are indebted for their union exclusively to the printer's hyphen.		
It is not without ground that I direct your attention, under these circumstances, to the probable derivation of some portion of this most remarkable system from patriarchal tradition, and to the connection of the Cabeiri with the Kabbala.		
A man of genius may securely laugh at a mode of attack by which his reviler, in half a century or less, becomes his encomiast.		
A meaner writer, a Marmontel, would have put an (!)		
Revealed religion (and I know of no religion not revealed) is in its highest contemplation the unity, that is, the identity or coinherence, of subjective and objective.		
I had been stunned by the intelligence, as by an outward blow, till this trifling incident startled and disentranced me; the sudden pang shivered through my whole frame; and if I repressed the outward shows of sorrow, it was by force that I repressed them, and because it is not by tears that I ought to mourn for the loss of Sir Alexander Ball.		
During the period of our intimacy, scarcely a week passed in which he did not desire me to think on some particular subject, and to give him the result in writing.		
These may be delusions of an evil spirit; but ere I so harshly question the seeming angel of light—my reason, I mean, and moral sense in conjunction with my clearest knowledge—I must inquire on what authority this doctrine rests.		
By some indeed this doctrine was rather implied than expressed, but yet evidently implied.		
He had previously made a combustible preparation, but which, from the nature of the engagement to be expected, he had purposed to reserve for the last emergency.		
V. 1.		
No; stood above the mountains.		
Let these results, I say, be supposed—and shall I still be told that my friend is nevertheless an alien in the household of Faith?		
So long all is well,—all replete with instruction and example.		
if I may judge from the manner in which both indiscriminately are recited, quoted, appealed to, preached upon by the routiniers of desk and pulpit, I cannot doubt that they think so—or rather, without thinking, take for granted that so they are to think;—the more readily, perhaps, because the so thinking supersedes the necessity of all afterthought.		
But the will of God, which is one with the supreme intelligence, is revealed to man through the conscience.		
Alas!		
Reason is supersensual, and its antagonist is appetite, and the objects of appetite the lust of the flesh.		
Put the lust of Self in the forked lightning, and would it not be a Spirit of Moloch?		
Therefore, in the Declaration at the beginning, after the words procreation of children,” I would insert, and as the means of securing to the children procreated enduring care, and that they may be,” &c. COMMUNION OF THE SICK.		
traveller after traveller passes by him, and each, being questioned whither he is going, makes answer, I am following yon guiding star!”  The pilgrim quickens his own steps, and presses onward in confidence.		
and thus that the chief inconvenience which an established authority is to obviate is virtually removed by the admitted fact of their unanimity?		
Nay!		
And again, more particularly, I mean the learned and reflecting part of them, who are influenced to the retention of the prevailing dogma by the supposed consequences of a different view, and, especially, by their dread of conceding to all alike, simple and learned, the privilege of picking and choosing the Scriptures that are to be received as binding on their consciences.		
Why should I not believe the Scriptures throughout dictated, in word and thought, by an infallible Intelligence?”  I admit the fairness of the retort; and eagerly and earnestly do I answer: For every reason that makes me prize and revere these Scriptures;—prize them, love them, revere them, beyond all other books!		
Sir Alexander Ball,” said he, has, I dare say, forgotten the circumstance; but when he was Lieutenant Ball, he was the officer whom I accompanied in my first boat expedition, being then a midshipman and only in my fourteenth year.		
As we were rowing up to the vessel which we were to attack, amid a discharge of musketry, I was overpowered by fear, my knees trembled under me, and I seemed on the point of fainting away.		
Or lastly, put the matter thus: For more than a thousand years the Bible, collectively taken, has gone hand in hand with civilisation, science, law—in short, with the moral and intellectual cultivation of the species, always supporting, and often leading, the way.		
The Psalms appears to have been composed shortly before the captivity of Judah.		
What I mean by this, a familiar acquaintance with the more popular parts of Luther’s works, especially his Commentaries,” and the delightful volume of his Table Talk,” would interpret for me better than I can do for myself.		
The sum of his history may be comprised in this one sentence—Hæc, sab numine, nobismet fecimas, sapientia duce, fortune permittente.		
And they who read it with an evil heart of unbelief and an alien spirit, what boots for them the assertion that every sentence was miraculously communicated to the nominal author by God himself?		
Ps.		
It is lawful for Christian men, at the commandment of the magistrate, to wear weapons, and to serve in wars.		
A still greater evil, and less attributable to the visionary humour and weak judgment of the individual expositors, is the literal rendering of Scripture in passages, which the number and variety of images employed in different places to express one and the same verity, plainly mark out for figurative.		
To Moses alone—to Moses in the recording no less than in the receiving of the Law—and to all and every part of the five books called the Books of Moses, the Jewish doctors of the generation before, and coëval with, the apostles, assigned that unmodified and absolute theopneusty which our divines, in words at least, attribute to the Canon collectively.		
at the time of the full moon, but when the sky is completely covered with black clouds, I am walking on in the dark, aware of no particular danger: a sudden gust of wind rends the cloud for a moment, and the moon emerging discloses to me a chasm or precipice, to the very brink of which I had advanced my foot.		
To be interpreted of Christ’s Church.		
V. 7.		
It seems clearly Messianic.		
I recollect many particulars indeed, but not the dates, with such distinctness as would enable me to state them (as it would be necessary to do if I stated them at all) in the order of time.		
I venture to tell it you beforehand.		
Or: The first six chapters of the book of Daniel contain several words and phrases irreconcilable with the commonly received dates, and those chapters and the Book of Esther have a traditional and legendary character unlike that of the other historical books of the Old Testament; therefore those other books, by contrast with which the former appear suspicious, and the historical document (1 Cor.		
ii.		
With respect to Christians generally, I object to the consequence drawn from the doctrine rather than to the doctrine itself;—a consequence not only deducible from the premises, but actually and imperiously deduced; according to which every man that can but read is to sit down to the consecutive and connected perusal of the Bible under the expectation and assurance that the whole is within his comprehension, and that, unaided by note or comment, catechism or liturgical preparation, he is to find out for himself what he is bound to believe and practise, and that whatever he conscientiously understands by what he reads is to be his religion.		
Farewell.		
xx.		
The answer is ready.		
He had not only to remove the misunderstandings that arose between the Maltese and their allies, to settle the differences among the Maltese themselves, and to organise their efforts; he was likewise engaged in the more difficult and unthankful task of counteracting the weariness, discontent, and despondency of his own countrymen—a task, however, which he accomplished by management and address, and an alternation of real firmness with apparent yielding.		
And there arise impulses and objects from this synthesis of the alter et idem, myself and my neighbour.		
The truth of this observation will not be doubted by any person who has witnessed the religious processions in honour of the favourite saints, both at Valetta and at Messina or Palermo, and who must have been struck with the contrast between the apparent apathy, or at least the perfect sobriety of the Maltese, and the fanatical agitations of the Sicilian populace.		
This trust the Knights had, with the blackest treason and the most profligate perjury, betrayed and abandoned.		
Never was greater discernment shown in the selection of a fit agent, than when Sir Alexander Ball was stationed off the coast of Malta to intercept the supplies destined for the French garrison, and to watch the movements of the French commanders, and those of the inhabitants who had been so basely betrayed into their power.		
The glory of     the warrior rises before me resplendent.		
And I now thus publicly and unequivocally assert, that to Sir A.		
I could neither deny the fact, nor evade the conclusion—namely, that such is at present the popular belief.		
That all the intermediate applications and realisations of the words are but types and repetitions—translations, as it were, from the language of letters and articulate sounds into the language of events and symbolical persons?		
Ps.		
This feeling probably originated in the fortunate circumstance, that the titles of our English nobility follow the law of their property, and are inherited by the eldest sons only.		
In a large party at the Grand Master’s palace, I had observed a naval officer of distinguished merit listening to Sir Alexander Ball, whenever he joined in the conversation, with so marked a pleasure that it seemed as if his very voice, independent of what he said, had been delightful to him; and once, as he fixed his eyes on Sir Alexander Ball, I could not but notice the mixed expressions of awe and affection, which gave a more than common interest to so manly a countenance.		
For he was indeed a living confutation of the assertion attributed to the Prince of Condé, that no man appeared great to his valet de chambre—a saying which, I suspect, owes its currency less to its truth than to the envy of mankind, and the misapplication of the word great, to actions unconnected with reason and free will.		
Is not this sacrament medicine as well as food?		
neither here, nor there, nor in the third, but in all three conjointly!		
Whatever is spiritual, is eo nomine supernatural; but must it be always and of necessity miraculous?		
53, Gal.		
WORDSWORTH.		
1.		
A similar remark I remember to have heard from a gallant officer, who to eminence in professional science and the gallantry of a tried soldier, adds all the accomplishments of a sound scholar and the powers of a man of genius.		
Sir Alexander Ball was a gentleman by birth; a younger brother of an old and respectable family in Gloucestershire.		
Is it an end only, and not likewise the means?		
I listen in awe and fear, but likewise in perplexity and confusion of spirit.		
And have they not a bishop, and a dignified clergy, their judges and municipal magistrates, who were at all times sharers in the power of the government, and now, supported by the unanimous suffrage of the inhabitants, have a rightful claim to be considered as its representatives?		
The whole of this tedious siege, from its commencement to the signing of the capitulation, called forth into constant activity the rarest and most difficult virtues of a commanding mind; virtues of no show or splendour in the vulgar apprehension, yet more infallible characteristics of true greatness than the most unequivocal displays of enterprise and active daring.		
I record this with satisfaction as a testimony of great weight, and in all respects unexceptionable; for Sir Alexander Ball’s opinions throughout life remained unwarped by zealotry, and were those of a mind seeking after truth, in calmness and complete selfpossession.		
Difficulty after difficulty has been overcome from the time that I began to study the Scriptures with free and unboding spirit, under the conviction that my faith in the Incarnate Word and His Gospel was secure, whatever the result might be;—the difficulties that still remain being so few and insignificant in my own estimation, that I have less personal interest in the question than many of those who will most dogmatically condemn me for presuming to make a question of it.		
No!		
I will add one remark of his own knowledge acquired from books, which appears to me both just and valuable.		
As the dew from the womb of the morning, in number and brightness like dewdrops, so shall be thy youth, or the youth of thee, the young volunteer warriors.” V. 5.		
Would I then withhold the Bible from the cottager and the artisan?—Heaven forfend!		
But if, instead of this, an idler or scoffer should wander through the rooms, peering and peeping, and either detects, or fancies he has detected, here a rusted sword or pointless shaft, there a tool of rude construction, and superseded by later improvements (and preserved, perhaps, to make us more grateful for them);—which of two things will a soberminded man,—who, from his childhood upward had been fed, clothed, armed, and furnished with the means of instruction from this very magazine,—think the fitter plan?		
Gospel—Luke xviii.		
The blessing of them that were ready to perish came upon him, and he caused the widow’s heart to sing for joy.		
Thenceforward, therefore, your doubts will be confined to such parts or passages of the received Canon as seem to you irreconcilable with known truths, and at variance with the tests given in the Scriptures themselves, and as shall continue so to appear after you have examined each in reference to the circumstances of the writer or speaker, the dispensation under which he lived, the purpose of the particular passage, and the intent and object of the Scriptures at large.		
It was one of his maxims, that a man may suggest what he cannot give; adding, that a wild or silly plan had more than once, from the vivid sense or distinct perception of its folly, occasioned him to see what ought to be done in a new light, or with a clearer insight.		
Dost thou show wonders among the dead, or shall the     dead rise up again and praise thee?		
He endeavoured to make talent instrumental to his purposes in whatever shape it appeared, and with whatever imperfections it might be accompanied; but wherever talent was blended with moral worth, he sought it out, loved and cherished it.		
Why not good tidings?”  Why thus change a most appropriate and intelligible designation of the matter into a mere conventional name of a particular book?		
