"One can not make his Majesty wait.".It appears to me that I see upon yonder bastion several cavaliers in red uniforms who greatly resemble your light horse whom we thought to be killed.".On that day, it was remarked by his servantsor, in other words, by all surrounding himthat from the time of his rising until night he took no nourishment, and so fixed all the application of his soul on the events which he had to conduct that he triumphed over his physical pains, seeming, by forgetting, to have destroyed them.		
"The King has overthrown the cavalry; but the foot still resist..I thought at first that both he and that gentleman would recover; but unhappily only one of them returned to life, and that was he whom I least knew..As the two companies were marching out, he felt some one touch his shoulder, and, turning round, saw old Grandchamp leading a very beautiful gray horse.		
Who is it gains the prize in the race?.bravo!".A spent ball, easily extracted, had been the only cause of his accident.		
"Gentlemen, I said to you before," angrily replied the young officer, "that I was sure that Capuchin Joseph, who meddles in everything, was mistaken in telling us to charge, upon the part of the Cardinal..He was allowed to travel and all was ready..He is a prudent man, entirely devoted to Monseigneur the CardinalDuke, and whose affairs have been somewhat embarrassed by gambling."		
At every step, however, that he took toward the spot where Richelieu awaited him, the King's countenance changed and visibly fell; he lost all the flush of combat; the noble sweat of triumph dried upon his brow..Bring paper!.The principal artillery officers were present as well as the Marechal; but no one answered a syllable.		
The horse, that sups hardly better than usual, while the master pockets the gold, and is envied by his friends and admired by all the lords as if he had run himself..away, fool!".You do not know her!"		
answered the old soldier.."We shall not have time to continue with the sword.".Yes; that feeling of love for France, which made it beat in your earliest youth, must have gained greater strength.		
she cried; and astonishment seemed wholly to paralyze this young and unhappy beauty..The girl drew back and placed a finger upon her forehead..But, above all, send me every day safe persons to give me verbal accounts.		
You have delayed long; I feared for you.."Yes, I will stab him with a knife..But this caprice of glory shall not derange my fixed designs; this city shall not fall yet.		
"We approve your modesty as well as your bravery, and we shall not forget this..said Joseph, stopping.."You are very young, Monsieur.		
His free hand secretly pressed the gold cross that hung next to his heart, the beloved donor of which he was so soon to behold..CinqMars himself tasted one of those moments of calm and hope, which so refresh the soul as well as the body..Besides," said she, suddenly assuming a harsh and savage air, "men are weak, and there are things which women must accomplish.		
What a sublime bond between heaven and earth!.What can he want me for, my friend?.Had he not seen this youth overthrow his soldiers, he would not have believed him capable of anything beyond singing a romance, reclined upon a couch.		
"My friend," he answered, gravely; "this excitement may be injurious to you..Look upon them as a new language which must be learneda language hitherto foreign to your lips, but which, believe me, may be nobly spoken, and which may express high and generous thoughts.".The horse.		
The thought is a vast one, and worthy of you!."Listen, listen, La Valeur!".Let Louis go; I will allow him to strike a few poor soldiers with the blows which he wishes, but dares not, to inflict upon me.		
They shook hands again with effusion of heart, and then perceived that they had arrived almost before the tent of the King..I despise, as much as you, the ambition which will seem to possess me.."III.		
Guide us, Monsieur volunteer, for the Spaniards invite us to this ball, and we must reply politely.".We will present him ourselves..You seem to be laughing at what I say about your horse, Monsieur; you forget that in times of war the horse is the soul of the cavalier.		
said the King, drawing his sword, "let us charge and force those villains back again..that was a woman!".De Thou sat by his side, holding his hand, and Grandchamp at his feet, still grumbling at the numerous interruptions that had fatigued his wounded master.		
I am an officer; will you restore me to liberty, that I may once more see my country?".The attack has begun on all sides; and we are surrounded by friends and by enemies.".said the King, in a loud voice.		
Nothing was to be heard but the gloomy and prolonged cries of its guards, who warned one another not to sleep..The cannon had ceased to roar when the broken columns of infantry fell back into Perpignan; the remainder had met the same fate, was already within the walls, and on the plain no living man was to be seen, save the glittering squadrons of the King, who followed him, forming ranks as they went.."I would punish your angry dispute had it not taught me many secrets of infamy on your part.		
The oldest took the smoking match of his arquebus, and, approaching it to the edge of her robe, said in a hoarse voice: "Come, madcap, tell me your history, or I will fill you with powder and blow you up like a mine; take care, for I have already played that trick to others besides you, in the old wars of the Huguenots..So many horrors pursue me since that sentence that I believe all hell is loosed upon me.".You don't know the fine language of the court; let me speak to her."		
The whole army had its eyes upon him, and could see him from every point.."You shall give me satisfaction tomorrow morning..what was it to you that they burned your cure, great simpleton?"		
Behold, they are wise and just, these grave and salaried criminals!.There are times when his master, who a moment before would rather have been far away, finds himself victorious and rewarded for his horse's valor, while the poor beast gets nothing but blows.."What childishness!		
You know my opinion concerning your insolent visit to my mother.".They fell upon the long column of the enemy's cavalry like two vultures upon a serpent; and, making a large and bloody gap, they passed beyond, and rallied behind the Spanish bastion, leaving the enemy's cavalry so astonished that they thought only of reforming their own ranks, and not of pursuing..And if your mind is not disordered, why these naked feet?"		
says one, awaking; 'this man has not chosen to speak!.continued the Cardinal, still holding her hand..The young Frenchman looked at him with the gentle expression of his age, and, thinking of his own family, he said: "Monsieur, I will present you to the Marquis de Coislin, who will, I doubt not, grant your request; is your family of Castile or of Aragon?"		
"Let me be conducted to the Cardinal.".but we should not scrutinize it.".cried Joseph, delighted.		
I must accomplish it, or I shall die first..Haste!.But, filled with the suggestion of Ambrosio, he thought that he might have stolen these objects of luxury in the pillage of the apartments of a woman; so, going abruptly up to him, he said: "Hombre!		
"It is Richelieu!"."Fools!".The Cardinal, surprised and terrified, recoiled with horror.		
"I am glad to perceive this apprehension in you; it may be most salutary," said De Thou, as they rode on.."No; Thou knowest it is boundless power which makes creature culpable against creature..However, since you interest yourself in the matter, I give him a pension of five hundred crowns on my privy purse."		
Certainly no one will dare to speak to him; no doubt he will quit the court this very day.".But, at every movement, the massive stairs crumbled beneath his feet, so that he could not ascend..Which of them is worthy to listen to an honest man?		
And, accordingly, I received nothing but compliments and agreeable things from the whole family, just in the way I like."."On horseback, with sword and pistol, I suppose?".I have since learned from Chavigny that for two long months they had been waiting that happy moment.		
He is ever a good and honest man, in no way mixing himself up with politics; so that some one gives him a little army to play at chess with, no matter against whom, he is content..The blood mounted to the Cardinal's face..And, taking his friend's arm, the young mocker, without listening to another word, walked rapidly down the gallery and disappeared in the throng.		
"He would very quietly have let this cure be burned by the other cures, and would have said to me, 'Grandchamp, see that my horses have oats, and let no one steal them'; or, 'Grandchamp, take care that the rain does not rust my sword or wet the priming of my pistols'; for Monsieur le Marechal thought of everything, and never interfered in what did not concern him..Violent desires for slaughter and revenge, a vague desire to strike, took possession of him, despite himself; this is the first impression which evil produces on the soul of a young man..CHAPTER VIII THE INTERVIEW The pompous cortege of the Cardinal halted at the beginning of the camp.		
The court had been thus paying its respects to the King for two hours before the Cardinal appeared; the whole court stood in close ranks behind the Prince, and in the long galleries which extended from his tent..Two pages, of the first families of France, stood at the door, where the ushers announced each of the persons whom Father Joseph had found in the ante room..For twenty years I have been in vain attempting it.		
All the most important persons of the town and many strangers were under the peristyle, and now advanced, CinqMars among them.."Obdurate wretch, return to the demon who sent thee!".This was a very long salon, lighted by a series of high lancet windows, of which the upper part only retained the blue, yellow, and red panes that shed a mysterious light through the apartment.		
Only Laubardemont committed a slight blunder in making the trial public.."Ah!.The old dotard Bassompierre shall be doomed for perpetual imprisonment, and so shall the assassin Marechal de Vitry, for that was the punishment they voted me.		
"And what deep pain do they daily cause our holy Father the Pope!".The continuous interest of this halftrial, its preparations, its interruptions, all had held the minds of the people in such attention that no private conversations had taken place..Urbain Grandier on the rack, his mother in tears, his tutor armed, Bassompierre loaded with chains, passed before him, making signs of farewell; at last, as he slept, he instinctively put his hand to his head to stay the passing dream, which then seemed to unfold itself before his eyes like pictures in shifting sands.		
He called around him, and was attentive to, the greatest enemies of the Cardinal, whom he expected every moment; and, balancing himself with one foot over the other, an hereditary habit of his family, he spoke quickly, but pausing from time to time to make a gracious inclination of the head, or a gesture of the hand, to those who passed before him with low reverences..Well, we can arrange it for him; that occupation will do as well as another just now..And then suddenly Jeanne began to recite the service for the dead in a monotonous voice, but with incredible rapidity, still seated on the bed, and turning the beads of a long rosary.		
The Duc d'Angouleme, the Marechals de Schomberg and d'Estrees, Fabert, and other dignitaries were on horseback beside the litter; after them, among the most prominent were the Cardinal de la Vallette and Mazarin, with Chavigny, and the Marechal de Vitry, anxious to avoid the Bastille, with which it was said he was threatened..The fire is out; now, friend, one effort more!.I still see all those women."		
But, employing such infinite calculation in merely keeping one's balance, what of genius remains for high enterprises?.Read his 'Histoire de Fiesque'; you may see himself in it..a madrigal and a momentary submission on my part will make her forget that I have separated her from her house of Austria and from the country of her Buckingham.		
Penetrate into that city resembling Athens; and to find him who reigns there, follow that dark and irregular street, mount the steps of the old archiepiscopal palace, and enter the first and largest of its apartments..Monsieur le Marquis, your dreams, on the contrary, are very pretty ones.."Is it to tear it that you fight so often?"		
But with him, the throne seemed, in the eyes of the court, his dying couch, his reign a continual last agony, and his minister a threatening successor.."Do you suppose, Monsieur, that I should allow you to go where you please?.But the rain still fell in torrents, and each piece of wood had no sooner caught the flame than it became extinguished.		
"Why are you sad, if you are a queen?".Father Joseph arose, and, leaning against the wall like an Egyptian mummy, allowed nothing to appear upon his face but an expression of stolid contemplation..to recall his mother!		
Father Joseph, indeed, spoke to him secretly, but not in the way the Cardinal imagined; for he contemplated being his equal, and was preparing other connections, in case of defection on the part of the prime minister..Such were the commandments of the god of France, less astonishing in themselves than the terrible naivete which made him bequeath them to posterity, as if posterity also must believe in him.."He talks of recalling the Queenmother," said the Capuchin, in a low voice; "of recalling her from Cologne."		
"You are both right, gentlemen; but since when have you laughed at affairs of honor?".he will ruin her if she connects herself with him; he's a musketeer in canonicals, the devil in a cassock.."I have heard this, Monsieur, but I have an affair" "It is lucky for you he stopped short in the middle of your career."		
it is open disgrace.."These are calculations which your enemies make as precisely as your Eminence," said the priest, who began to be annoyed with this conversation, and was eager to talk of other matters.."What dost mean, blockhead?"		
The laughter which the ferocious pleasantry of the old minister had excited had hardly subsided, when the door opened, and a page announced several couriers who had arrived simultaneously from different points..Joseph, take a pen, and write what I shall dictate for the other confessor, whom we will choose better..The innkeeper, in amazement, touched his forehead three times with his finger, looking at Grandchamp as if to ask him whether his master were also mad.		
on!".He went on, a long way..He felt a thicker one thrown over his shoulders; it was his old valet, who had approached him, and thus exhibited toward him a maternal solicitude.		
The crowd heard these words and rushed forward.."No, no, no!".While the public attention was elsewhere engaged, he advanced and touched it lightly with his bare hand, which was immediately scorched.		
Instead of his mother, the child, upon turning round, saw only men's faces, looking up at him with a mournful eagerness, and signing him to go on..This circumstance warned the courtiers in the anteroom that a longer conversation than usual was on foot, and Father Joseph, advancing to the threshold, exchanged with the Cardinal a glance which seemed to say, on the one side, "Remember the promise you have just made me," on the other, "Set your mind at rest.".And, taking his large, blackplumed hat from the table, he followed the warlike Abbe, who went quickly before him, often running back to hasten him on, like a child running before his father, or a puppy that goes backward and forward twenty times before it gets to the end of a street.		
"The Due de Weimar pursues his advantage; the Duc Charles is defeated..All color, all roundness of form had disappeared from it; a livid pallor covered a skin yellow and shining like ivory; the blood seemed to have left his veins; all the life that remained within him shone from his dark eyes, which appeared to have grown twice as large as before, as he looked languidly around him; his long, chestnut hair hung loosely down his neck and over a white shirt, which entirely covered himor rather a sort of robe with large sleeves, and of a yellowish tint, with an odor of sulphur about it; a long, thick cord encircled his neck and fell upon his breast..He thought he was still dreaming, but she grasped his hand firmly.		
Let us leave our young traveller sleeping; he will soon pursue a long and beautiful route..Monsieur, you know well enough that it does not embarrass my wrist, as I will prove to him who chooses; as to the gown itself, I should like to throw it into the gutter.".We have already punished almost all our dupes of Versailles; assuredly they have nothing with which to reproach me.		
They carry it in their guilty breasts; it stings their hearts like a serpent.."What, my lord, leave the place of the favorite vacant for six whole days?.You heard these infamous judges.		
"An affair of honor" "Whereas Mazarin is quite a friend of yours."."If the King knew it!".On!"		
The child, having nothing to look at after the court had left the hall, had climbed to a small window which admitted a faint light, and which he imagined to contain a swallow's nest or some other treasure for a boy; but after he was well established on the cornice, his hands grasping the bars of an old shrine of Jerome, he wished himself anywhere else, and cried out: "Oh, sister, sister, lend me your hand to get down!"."He said publicly; and in the presence of Monsieur: 'I feel that one of the first duties of a Christian is to be a good son, and I will resist no longer the murmurs of my conscience.'".Another great head is laid low!		
said all the women..As he said this, he turned toward the wall, and again pulled the clothes over his head..Good!"		
At this moment, and as the greatest noblemen present were offering their arms to aid him in walking, a man in the robe of a referendary advanced toward him, saluting him with a complacent and confident smile which astonished all the people there, accustomed to the great world, seeming to say: "We have secret affairs together; you shall see how agreeable he makes himself to me..Henri d'Effiat pressed, blushing deeply the while, his friend's hand, who hastened to have his doors closed..Already had tumultuous scenes and conspicuous assassinations proved the monarch's weakness, the absence and approaching end of the minister, and, as a kind of prologue to the bloody comedy of the Fronde, sharpened the malice and even fired the passions of the Parisians.		
All those who have noble hearts are indignant at this yoke; and at this moment, more than ever, we see misfortunes threatening us in the future..He traversed the seas to gather a flower upon which I had trodden, and ran the risk of death to kiss and bathe with his tears the foot of this bed in the presence of two of my ladiesinwaiting.."That is not the question," interrupted Gaston.		
"Child that you are, how little do you yet know of the court!."But," said De Thou, very gravely, "upon my honor, I do not know what you mean..It is not she!"		
Had they arrived in the night, they would not have been seen, which spoils the effect somewhat, to speak the truth (for I grant that daylight is detrimental to them), and we would only have heard the voice of the people 'Vox populi, vox Dei'..The Louvre is attacked, and all the populace are arriving from the city, I have been told.".Open it fearlessly; do not tremble as I do."		
"Do you know the end of his favorites?."Because we should be sure that tomorrow morning he would be against us."."Yes, 'par la corbleu'!"		
"Yes, of course..It is, above all, hatred of him which is to predominate in the cries, for that is the essential thing..Yes, I think today is Sainte Barbe."		
"Why so?".Believe me, I know him; and I have dearly paid for the knowledge of that dark soul..He covered himself with the diamonds of the English crown to please me.		
But this joy was far from being complete, for her heart was still troubled by many things, and, above all, by the presentiment of the regency..D'Effiat had not ceased to observe Marie de Mantua, whose expressive countenance exhibited to him all her ideas far more rapidly and more surely than words..behold,                And follow."		
The Duchesse Marie de Mantua was seated on her right hand upon a stool..look already who they run!.Public criers rushed about, red and breathless, throwing on the pavement and sticking up on the parapets, the posts, the walls of the houses, and even on the palace, long satires in short stanzas upon the personages of the time.		
Here you are, my pet!.She cried, weeping like a child, that a pistolshot had broken her shutters and her windowpanes, and had wounded her; she entreated the Queen to send her into exile, where she would be more tranquil than in a country where they wished to assassinate her because she was the friend of her Majesty..The other women had seen on a window the reflection of torches, and, imagining that the palace was on fire, threw jewels, laces, golden vases, and even the china, into sheets which they intended to lower into the street.		
Ah, how handsome he is, the love, with his big collar!.It was truly a cry from the heartan explosion of love, which reason could not restrain, and which escaped all bounds.".She ordered her women to open the door, and the Duchesse de Chevreuse, in her night attire, and wrapped in a great cloak, fell, nearly fainting, at the foot of her bed, followed by four of her ladiesinwaiting and three of the women of the bedchamber.		
"Very well, Monsieur, very well!.As a woman, as a wife, I could have wept over so mournful a position; but now see, as a mother, I do not weep..I love him still in the past more than I could love him in the present.		
I am sure that you have been misled and deceived.".The Queen seemed more at ease in her manner and language; and no longer preserving her severe and ceremonious immobility, she signed to the other persons present to approach her..said he, with deliberation, "if you give orders, my sister, I will be the captain of your guards, on my honor, for I too am weary of the vexations occasioned me by this knave.		
I was, on the contrary, nimble enough at the time of my journey to Italy; but then fear gives legs as well as wings."."What, Madame!.If your desires are well regulated, they will not cause      you any torments; and if they are not so, you will be punished by      swoonings similar to those of Celadon, and the shepherdess Galatea,      whom the inconstant Hercules abandoned in the mountains of Auvergne,      and who gave her name to the tender country of the Gauls; or you      will be stoned by the shepherdesses of Lignon, as was the ferocious      Amidor.		
The coolness of Anne of Austria, and this last severe observation, however, restored a little calm to this beautiful personage, who rose in confusion, and perceiving the disordered state of her toilet, went to repair it as she best could in a closet near by..It must be said, Madameyes, it is no longer time to blind ourselves to the truth, or to conceal it the King's illness is serious.."It is Montresor and Monsieur's people," said Fontrailles.		
By the way, it was not the fete of Sainte Barbe I saw this morning?"."What, all?"."An asylum!		
"It will be himself," interrupted M. de Bouillon, "for he seeks to be named regent; and I know that at this moment he contemplates taking your children from you, and requiring the King to confide them to his care.".And it is a treasure; for it is the blood of a man who lives no longer, but who lived for me.."How?		
said Fournier..May God aid you then, Monseigneur, for man may not do it without institutions!.Their poverty weighed less heavily upon them while they contemplated the agitations of the rich.		
"This, Monsieur," replied Fournier, "is very different from the affair at Loudun.."I hope so, Madame, since you pray for me," continued Marie..The severe and abrupt tone of M. de Bouillon did not surprise Anne of Austria; but she had always seen him more calm, and was, therefore, somewhat alarmed by the disquietude he betrayed.		
"Absolutely all," repeated Montresor..She said this in Spanish, and the mystery of this order, spoken in a tongue which the ladies did not understand, restored those in the chamber to their senses.."I admit," continued Fontrailles, "that your Highness ordered nothing, but you permitted me to tell you that I foresaw that this night would be a troubled one about two o'clock, and I hoped that your astonishment would not have been too great."		
Do you hear him, my brother, and do you not appear astonished?"."Ah, would to God," she exclaimed, "that my son's mind was ripe for your counsels, and his arm strong enough to profit by them!.Never had Anne of Austria looked so beautiful as at this moment; and the enthusiasm she manifested electrified all those present, who needed but a word from her mouth to speak.		
"Must I encourage you to speak?".At every pistolshot this timid Prince rushed to the windows, without seeing anything but some flambeaux, which were carried quickly along.."They burned powder."		
The people, imagining they recognized her, redoubled their cries at this moment, and shouted louder than ever, "Down with the Cardinal!.for these are of his accustomed works.."It appears to me," replied De Thou, gravely, "that you drink it even to the very dregs."		
As to courage, it is not the first time he has shown it..I would not be stopped..how do we stand?		
"I am very cruel, am I not, Marie?".A bronze lamp, of a gothic shape, struggling with the coming day, threw its red light upon a mass of papers and books which covered a large table; it lighted the bust of L'Hopital, that of Montaigne the essayist, the President de Thou, and of King Louis XIII.."Ah!		
cried the cloakmen, all at once..Long live the King!"."I would stake my head and my share in Paradise that no one has seen my features or called my by my name."		
We come to ask an asylum for the day."."You have been deceived, Marie.."What do I hear?"		
An hour later, when they came to tell her that the crowd only awaited a sign from her hand to withdraw, she waved it graciously, and with an air of satisfaction..continued the Queen, in an extremely sweet voice, and caressing her like a child from whom one would draw an avowal..It has cost me all the power of my rank, the pleasures of my age, the affection of my family and even the heart of my husband.		
