She has beautiful horses, Lady Merrenden, and the whole turnout, except she herself, is as smart as can be..If he had said I was to stay and marry him, I am sure he would have meant it, and I really believe I should have stayed!.He’s cross, and sometimes he makes darling mummie cry.” We must always love papa,” chanted Mildred, in a lesson voice.		
Endless infant talk!.No, I am going out,” and I went on down the corridor, the wolfhounds following me..When I got to my room a lump came in my throat.		
Véronique brought me mine to my sittingroom fire, and, with Spartan determination, I packed steadily all the morning..So here I amnow you won’t go to bed, will youplease, please.” He has such pleading blue eyesimploring pathetically like a baby in distressit is quite impossible to resist him!.ties and altarcloths in London!		
Evangeline,” he said..I forgot I asked him to come down and look at them, it clean went out of my head.” I told him he was host; and why should I object to what guests he had..Yes, just that!” she said.		
And Christopher was mad with us!.The other men look thick and clumsy beside him, and he does have such lovely clothes and ties!.I suppose Mr. Carruthers won’t come until about four, an hour more to be got through.		
Then he cannot ever say we have deceived him.” That is how I feel,” said Robert..Much worse than when we were alonenearly all of themabout seven women beyond the familybegan fancy work..And the footman announcing the electric at that moment, we flew off, and left them.		
His face is red, and his nose and cheeks almost purple, and fiery whiskers, fierce enough to frighten a cat in a dark lane..I got up with great dignity..There is a misty fog.		
While I was on my knees in front of a great wooden box, hopelessly trying to stow away books, a crisp tap came to the door, and without more ado my hostyes, he is that nowentered the room..I have come to help you,” he said in that voice of his that sounds so sure of a welcome you can’t snub him; but where are you going?” I don’t know,” I said, a little forlornly, and then bent down and vigorously collected photographs..Yes, it will do you good, dear child,” she said, brightly, and I will rest here, and take care of my cold.” They have asked me to tea in the nursery,” I said, and I have accepted.” Jewel of a Snakegirl!” she laughedshe is not thick.		
You might give me away at my wedding,” I said, gaily..he never had a chill in his life,” she said..She leant back in her chair, and laughed.		
I quite forgot I was a homeless wanderer, and arrived at Claridge’s about half past four in almost good spirits..I thought you had more mind than to chatter like this.” I suit myself to my company!” I laughed, and waited for Véronique, who had stopped respectfully behindshe came up reluctantly..Lady Verningham was talking to me just before tea, when the second train load arrived.		
She can’t be more than twentyseven, but she looks forty, at least; and stout, and sticking out all in the wrong places, and flat where the stickouts ought to be..You had  better come down at once, (these things are probably in your line) to  save me from some sheer idiocy..There they were, sitting round the teatable, just as at Tryland.		
Mr. Carruthers got in, and tucked his sable rug round me..And I contrived that he should not speak to me again alone before he said goodnight..I know you think that silly,” and I stopped him as he was about to speak, but of course, as it does not last any way, it might be good for a little to begin like that, don’t you think so?” He looked round the room, and on through the wide open double doors into my dainty bedroom where Véronique was still packing.		
I am sure any one would be terribly shocked to read what I have written, but not so much if they knew Robert, and how utterly adorable he is..Now I think we have demolished all your silly little reasons for making me miserable,” he said..Nasty yellowish wood furniture, and nothing much matching; however there are plenty of wardrobes, so Véronique is content.		
I am the only person whom I mean to obey!” and I settled myself deliberately in the velvet pillows..Perfectly mad with fury and jealousy..No, I don’t think so,” I said, leaving the part about the valuer unanswered.		
TRYLAND,   Thursday, Nov. 10th..How exquisitely groomed he is, and one could see at a glance his mother had not been a housemaid..If one of those lumps of suet had a spark of spirit, it would go straight to the devil,” Lady Ver said, as we went down the stairs.		
But oh!.I was miserable, and that is the truth..He walked across the room and back.		
Mr. Carruthers is a perfect host..Of course it must have been because once she had been engaged to papa..Fancy being owned by that!		
I am sure people would think it most improper!.But I will show you the pictures myself, tomorrow, Bob.” This at once decided me to take Lord Robert round tonight, and I told him so in a velvet voice while Mr. Barton was engaging Christopher’s attention..I knew that!		
I thanked her again, but remained firm in my intention of accustoming myself to company..And yet I have no business to say that..They are a washy blue, with the family white eyelashes (how different to Lord Robert’s!).		
You must always make them realize you will be off like a snipe if they relax their efforts to please you for one moment..However, tonight, with the terror upon her of a husband fresh from a rough Channel passage, going to arrive at seven o’clock, she was actually dressed and down in the hall when I got there, punctually at 6.45, and in the twinkle of an eye we were rolling in the electric to Willis’s..They are all as good as gold on top, and one does poker work, and another binds books and a third embroiders altarcloths, and the fourth knits tiesall for charities, and they ask everyone to subscribe to them directly they come to the house.		
She was capricious, as she sometimes is..Lord Robert announced he was going there now, and would tell her..Sufficient for me to know that my selfrespect is restored, and I can now go out and see the world with a clear conscience.		
I called the man, and asked him where was his lordship now?.So I expected something wonderful in the way of food, but it is not half so good as our chef gave us at Branches..He has the most charming way of making one feel that one knows him very well, he looks at one every now and then straight in the eyes, with astonishing frankness.		
When she had gone, Lady Ver said old people without dyed hair or bridge proclivities were tiresome, and she smoked three cigarettes, one after the other, as fast as she could..I wonder how I ever thought of marrying Mr. Carruthers off hand!.Mr. Barton was waiting patiently for us in the white drawingroom, and we had not been munching muffins for five minutes when the sound of wheels crunching the gravel of the great sweepthe windows of this room look out that wayinterrupted our manufactured conversation.		
I hope he is not going to sell the Correggios!” she exclaimed..Nothing has two meanings with him like with Mr. Carruthers..Oh!” As for that”and she puffed smokehusbands are a race apartthere are men, women, and husbands, and if they pay bills, and shoot big game in Africa, it is all one ought to ask of them; to be able to see jokes is superfluous.		
I have got a chill too,” she said..You won’t have anyone else’s kisses ever again, in this world, and that I tell you,” he said, through his teeth..No look more kind could be expressed in a human countenance than is expressed in hers.		
Alas, as yet I know not..I don’t wonder she prefersLord Robert..I saw some splendid specimens marching once in Edinburgh, and they swung their skirts just like the beautiful ladies in the Bois, when Mademoiselle and I went out of the Allée Mrs. Carruthers told us to try always to walk in.		
He is probably saying to himself he is well out of the businessnow I have gone..You know what?” he looked up, startled; then he took my hand again, and sat close to me..Once you’re married, everything nice is wrong!” Evangeline!		
I do wonder what she will think of my marriage with Christopher..The rain came on, and poured, and beat against the windowpanes with a sudden angry thud..Try to eradicate the root if you have a tendency to either of its demonstrations.		
ELINOR: To think out the reason why of things, to try to see the truth in everything..A fine task!.I am talking of this because I have often in these letters urged you to acquire prestige through individuality, so I must explain, that you may not misunderstand me.		
Your words cannot alter my basic principle, which you will find very sound, if you care to apply to it the test of common sense..that it had only just begun!.[Illustration: I wonder if you smoke, dear girl?”] I wonder if you smoke, dear girl?		
There are numbers of girls who at the end of a month of marriage have done, said, and looked things which they would have died rather than let their fiancés perceive, hear, or see, and yet who are much astonished and feel resentful and aggrieved because they begin to reap the harvest of their own actions in the fact of their husbands showing less love and respect for them..Deportment masters and mistresses grew to be less and less in vogue, and ridicule was cast upon the rules that had been in practice for every girl entering society..ELINOR: Not at all!		
The whole tendency (as I think I said in a former letter) of modern society is toward rowdiness and vulgarity, and if one is very young and full of spirits it is so easy to be led away into indiscretions when one sees most of one’s companions doing the same thing..Thus, if you bore your husband in his leisure, he may stay with you for a while from a sense of duty, but he will begin to make excuses of work to curtail the moments, and he will snatch time from his real work for his pleasure elsewhere..ELINOR: Nowhere.		
I do call that hard!.Remember you have all your lives in front of you, and that satiety is an everpresent danger..Marriage is the aim and end of all sensible girls, because it is the meaning of life.		
Most of us retrospect or anticipate, and so lose the present.” Do not retrospectdo not anticipate..Try to be just, do not repine, admit to yourself that you have lost the first prize in the lottery of marriage, but that there is still the second to be obtained, namely, an unassailable position, your husband’s respect, perhaps the interest in possible children, the interest in your life and your place in the world..For, remember, this particular aspect of affection called being in love is caused by the senses of both participants being exalted.		
One might say the only natural right” a woman appears to have is to become a mother, because this seems to be her obvious mission in the scheme of things..You may say every girl does themwhich may be true, but that is no proof that they are pretty or desirable habits!.It is not altogether a bad thing; it is a proof in one way of their increasing individuality; but meanwhile it does not tend toward their happiness.		
In one of my books I once wrote this maxim: It is better to marry the life you like, because after a while the man does not matter!” It was a very cynical sentence, but unfortunately true..But lovethat exquisite essence which turned the world into Paradiseis a thing flown away..I hope you agree with me, Caroline?		
To see a lot ofpresumablyladies lounging all over the cloth, as they lean forward eagerly to talk to their visàvis or the persons next them, is not an engaging sight, and only a few years ago it would have been considered as branding them as belonging to another world..And, as he is stronger, so he will break bonds which are irksome to him more readily..Whatever the man has done, she ought to say or do nothing which can make him feel less respect for herself in return.		
Try to counteract by care the inevitable effect of outdoor games upon your hands, Caroline; use creams, wear gloves when it is possible, and keep your nails nicely polished..About every fad, every fashion, every new thing which is started, the wise woman, Caroline, reserves judgment..While we are talking of personal habits and such things you will notice that quantities of girls are not particular about their hands in these days.		
The wise woman instantly appreciates this point, and knows that, if she gives way to her, perhaps just, reproaches, she will be adding another millstone round her own neck in a further weakening of her attraction for, and influence over, the man..You may think, Caroline, that, considering you are only just coming out, I might be talking to you upon lighter and more frivolous subjects; but, as you are pretty and an heiress, the marriage question will crop up so very soon that I feel that now, while you will still listen to me, is my only chance to impress its importance upon youbecause the lighter things are for such a little time, and marriage is for so many years!.Then let us suppose you have done so, and marry him.		
Some of them are weary old maidssome have made holeandcorner, still enduring, wretched marriagesand some have gone under and are divorced and forgotten..You will not have committed yourself to either side by this abeyance of expressed opinion, and can (to use another political phrase!).It may be, if you are only trying to enter it, but it is certainly not the case if you have a right to your position, and are already there.		
Be extremely particular about your footcovering, too, Caroline..Granted this, and the poorest intelligence might then credit Him with having the best of all the attributes with which He has endowed mankind, whom he createdchief of these being common sense..ELINOR: John, when God made man I do believe He left out one colossal quality in himthe faculty of seeing the obvious.		
JOHN: But, my poor child, that would produce a universal state of brotherly love..ELINOR: Certainly not..And now, Caroline dear, I must conclude, and next week, when we meet in London, I hope we shall clasp hands in mutual contentment.		
Owing to the scarcity of men, as I said before, they are inclined to give themselves airs, and numbers of young women do the seeking and the hunting, while the poor youths are scared of being captured, and, when they are secured at all, it is unwillingly..Try always and ever to keep the atmosphere between you in harmony..I had meant, my dear Caroline, to write to you upon the interesting subject of marriage in this letter, but before I can commence upon that, I must speak of something else, and you must promise me not to be offended at what I am going to say, since we both desire the same endyour success and welfare.		
To digress a momentI went to a party the other night, a musical party where the guests were obliged to sit still round the room quietly; and I counted no less than thirteen of the younger women with their legs crossed, which in some cases, on account of these very narrow skirts we are all wearing, caused the sights to be perfectly grotesque..If you do, you may be certain he will only tell you the truth when he feels inclinedand one day you will find it out, and then think he is always lying..ELINOR: Yes, I mean that.		
If the lessening of your attraction for him has been engendered by the arrival of a stronger magnet on the scene, your efforts must be redoubled to replenish your own magnetic powers..So do not let us bother over these abstract points, but accept men as they are, dear, attractive, selfish darlings!.Very deep affection can remain when all sense of being in love” is over, but it has lost its exquisite aroma of sweetness.		
Unselfishness in her should go as far as not to want always to have her own way, regardless of whom it hurts or discomforts..But manjust man in the abstractcan have no rights” at all, for with whom did he make a bargain?.The legitimate way is to render yourself as utterly desirable as possible, and then fate will bring you the particular needle your kind of magnet draws.		
You say it is more like you than the only photograph I possess of you, taken when you were fifteen; and it is because of your assuring me of this that I cannot remain silentfor, Caroline child, I must confess it shocks and disconcerts me, and makes me feel that I must be very frank with you, if you are ever going to be able to attain that position which we both hope that you may..Would such popularity be worth having, and what would it bring in a few years?.To please a man after marriage every attraction which lured him into the bond should be continually kept up to the mark, because there are, then, the extra foes to fightthe natural hunting instinct in man and the destroying power of satiety.		
There are many girls who seem very popular and get plenty of public attention, but who behave themselves so that they are spoken of lightly by every young man..And now, Caroline, goodnightwe have finished this talk upon religionand need not refer to it again, since I believe your intelligence is such that you have grasped my basic principle..Games are good for the health, and pretty white fingers are pleasant to the sight.		
Learn to manage these yourself..No one considers her; she is spoken of by her friends and relations as poor Soandso.” If she has had children, they have grown up under the wretched conditions of an atmosphere of partisanship for either parent..It makes one giddy to realize it!		
There is another point to be considered: how best to arrive at what is actually right or wrong..He may have idiosyncrasieswatch them and avoid irritating them..When you come into a room pay respect to elder people; it will not take up much of your time, and is a gracious tribute of youth to age.		
And one cannot blame him..Then try to decide upon the grade in public opinion you would desire to occupy yourself, and what are the causes of your friends being in whatever places they are..Remember this maxim: A fool can win the love of a man, but it requires a woman of resources to keep it”the difficulty being much greater in a country like England, where the women are in the majority, than in another where they have to be fought for, and the men are the more numerous.		
I could write pages and pages about the vagaries of fashion, and how what looks chic one year may be vulgar the next, but we have not time or space for that..People complain of being misunderstood, but it is because they themselves, unconsciously perhaps, have given the cause for misunderstanding..And, as these letters to you go on, you will observe that every single point we shall discuss will be ruled by this aspect.		
But prestige is not acquired without tact and perfect manners on all occasions..Try to be kind to everyone you come in contact with and make them feel at home, however humble they may be, if they are your guests; be gracious and thoughtful for their comfort and pleasureyou need never be familiar or gushing..Obviously the magnet is responsible.		
So I shall have to tell it to you in plain words..Such manners as these are the only true and beautiful ones, Caroline, because they spring from a kind and tender heart..No one accomplishes any rôle successfully without some preparatory trainingand the rôle of a married woman requires a good deal of thought bestowed upon it before it should be undertaken.		
A strong will can master any demonstration of emotion, and it is the duty of either the young husband or wife sternly to curb all vagrant fancies in themselves, whose encouragement can only bring degradation and disaster..It is seldom that anyone seems to remember that in public true distinction is shown by the quietest and most dignified bearing..Remember, all the other women [Illustration: If you want to keep him in the blissful state, attend to pleasing his eye and his ear when alone with him.”] your husband will meet will only be showing their most agreeable sides to him without the handicap of daily intercourse.		
She ought to have discovered early what style of garments suits her; she should have practiced until she can do her hair becomingly; and by exercises, and by care in remembering what is ugly and to be avoided, she should have perfected the grace of her body’s movements..She only felt a sudden, wild longing to cry out that the idea of being a curate's wifeeven the Bishop's junior young gentleman with eight hundred a year of his ownhad never appeared a thrilling picture, and was now causing her a feeling of loathing.."I will try to think of it like that," said Stella, greatly moved, and then, with almost childish irrelevance, which touched him deeply, she asked, "What must I call you, please?"		
"A number of things can happen in four months..Mrs. Ebley felt her anger augmenting to boiling point, but nothing, she could say had any effect upon her niece, who remained extremely respectful and gentle, but perfectly firm..Would Sasha never come!		
Love is of God and is imperious, and because she loves him is the only reason why a woman should give her life to a man.."We should so like to know the names of the celebrities," Mrs. Ebley said, "especially can you tell us about the very curiouslooking person now conversing with her Imperial Highness; he is at our hotel.".The Russian had disappeared from view, the bushes and vases in the center of the garden plot gave only occasional chances to see people at a distance.		
Love, for him, was no god to be exalted, but a too strong beast to be resisted, and every one of his rites were to be succumbed to shamefacedly and under protest..Do they sound as if they would be too heavy, dearest?".If they did, the millennium would come,but, meanwhile, it is reserved for the few who have learned them to enjoy this present plane we are on."		
The small room was empty but for the two, and he addressed her as he removed his hat..It was awful!.asked Mr. Medlicott, tapping his foot uneasily.		
The Times rustled slightlyand Stella replied a little hurriedly: "I was just finishing a letter, uncle, then I will come.".But Stella was still poutingand got up restlessly and went to the window..He prepared to stalk furiously from the room after he should receive an answer to an allimportant question.		
How dare you all treat me as though I were a naughty child or insane!".Dear Sir [it ran], I shall be greatly obliged if you can spare to me half an hour before retiring to your rest to converse upon a matter of importance.."That sounds like a paradox," said Stella.		
"Very civil of the Embassy to send us a card for the reception tomorrow night, Stella; I am glad we wrote names when we arrived.."What cannot go on?".She got up rather suddenly, and, saying she was very tired and had letters to write, she left them and went toward the lift.		
"My sister's room is next to this," he said, "and yours is beyond.."Mrs. Ebley said I was to have no conversation with you, Miss," Martha said, glumly, at which Stella laughed afresh..But this preliminary bond can be broken without hurt to either side.		
Had Stella been an outcast in deed and word she could not have looked more disdainful.."I am better able than you to save her soul, and she owes me honor and obedienceit is most unseemly to even mention the aspects you have done in a bond which is a sacrament of holy church and should be only approached in a spiritual frame of mind, not a carnal one.".He had not looked up as they passed.		
You must never be negative and drift..I never was in such an uncomfortable position in my life.".Then Count Roumovski laughed softly to himself and, sitting down at a writingtable, wrote a letter to his beloved.		
"You must have freedom to assert your individuality, Stella," he continued.."I shall just answer as I please," said Stella, and felt almost inclined to laugh, he looked so cross and amazed..And then she read the love sentences again and thrilled and quivered there in the warm, soft night.		
Meanwhile Count Roumovski had made all arrangements at the Excelsior Hotel, and after lunch sat quietly in the hall awaiting his beloved..He would certainly arrange what was best for them, she could rely upon that..He would bring scandal upon them all if waiters and other guests saw him guarding Miss Rawson's actual door, and he could not sit outside like a valet; the whole thing was unspeakably maddening, and murderous thoughts flooded his brain.		
If so, I will do so also, although I dislike partiesand there I will be presented to you with ceremonyit will appease that English convention in you, and after that I shall say to you a number of thingsbut I prefer to sit here and speak behind the Times.".I almost blush to repeat to you this shocking story which we had considered the ravings of a madman, but the time has come when we must have some plain speaking.".Then he put down his cup and crossed to the stiff sofa where she was, and sat down beside her.		
I hardly think the new style is suitable to my retiring dove."."I refuse to have the woman I have decided to marry snatched from me by any of your sophistries," he said breathlessly..and to think how sorry you will be, you were so horrid, when I am gone, because, of course, you know you cannot keep me once I make up my mind to go."		
"You forget, sir," he said angrily, "you are insulting my honor.".Then she smiled softly and stood quite near him..A low voice answered: "Une lettre pour mademoiselle."		
In your country, a man asks a woman to marry him: he says, 'Will you marry me?'."Thank you, and goodbye," said Stella, and began untying the veilhe helped her at once, and in doing so his hand touched her soft pink cheek..Of what use to talk of offended honor with highsounding words when, if one were truthful, one would own it was offended vanity?		
Totally unaccustomed as Stella was to all artifices, instinct was her teacher..the agitated lady cried, "passed me without a word, and I suppose has gone down the stairsif we hasten in the lift we shall catch her yet.".Had we only trusted to the probability of your maid's sleeping, I should have had to be on the lookout, and my uneasiness would have communicated itself to you, and we should have had no happy hourbut I made a certainty of safetyand unconsciously you trusted me to know, and so we have been content."		
"That I do not know how to resist the wild passion which is overcoming me..Did you know that I thought you looked particularly sweet last night, but rather pale?"."Could they really take me back if they found me by telephoning round?"		
CHAPTER VIII It seemed an endless time the hour that she waited in her room, and then a knock came to the door, and Ivan's voice saying his master desired her presence in the sittingroom at once, and she hurriedly went there to find Count Roumovski standing by the mantelpiece looking very grave..The wildest excitement filled her veins.."I thought you would not have, so I had prepared this," and he indicated a man's gray Russian, unremarkablelooking cloak, which, however, proved to be lined with fine sable, "and here, also, is a veil.		
She longed to be convinced, and yet some altruistic sentiment made her feel still some qualms and misgivings..Eustace Medlicott felt he ought not to dwell upon; they were fleshly lusts and should be discouraged..I never permit myself to be bored for an instant."		
Cannot you realize that it is wise for himself as well as for her that this man release her, before a life of long misery begins for them both?".She was so slender and fresh and graceful, and, even in the week's sightseeing in Paris, she seemed to have picked up a new air, though she wore the same gray Sunday dress her fiance was accustomed to see at homeit appeared to be put on differently, and she had altered the doing of her hair..Gods above!		
For, of course, her uncle and aunt would come round in time, and they could be happy again with her some day.."I am perhaps very wicked to have tempted you..Mrs. Ebley prepared to go and investigate matters when another waiter entered with a note for Canon Ebley, and stood aside to receive the answer.		
If you feel you would care to come I will wait in this hall from five to six.."But first I must know for certain, little star, shall I be able to teach you to love meas I shall love you?"."The view of the world has become so distorted upon almost every point which started in good, that nothing but a cultivation of our individual critical faculties can enable us to see the truthand ninetenths of civilized humanity have no real opinion of their own at allthey simply echo those of others."		
He would go to his room, certainly, there were still some people in the hall having late coffee and refreshment after the theater..I will see the Rev..Her emotion made her knees tremble.		
And I know you will presently see the truth..It was unspeakable..Will you forgive me, if I leave you until Anastasia has arrived?		
A cousin of her own and Aunt Caroline's was one of the secretaries, and had already been written to about the invitation..He is immensely intelligenthe lunched at the Embassy today."."I think it adds to his attraction, it is such superlative audacity.		
"You mean you can control events and shape your life as you please, then?".And since he would be presented with all respectable ceremony at the English Embassy the following night, it could not matter a bitand if it did!.It made Mr. Medlicott nervous, although she answered gently enough when he addressed her.		
