The young man who took the cinder out of my eye had come to sit beside me, which I consider was merely kindness on his part and nothing like flirting, and he had brought his suitcase over, and they had got mixed up..Then they looked at me, and mother burst into tears..But I could endure no more.		
I was always concerned only with the fear that others had overseen and would perhaps tell..And then we drew up in front of the house and he helped me out, and my entire family had just got out of the motor and was lined up on the pavement staring at us!.Fate would not be cruel.		
"Well, smooth enough."."Barbara!"."I wish he would grow up and learn something.		
At last we reached the bench again, and I said good night.."Oh!"."I just want to lie here and think about things," I said, when he was going.		
Jane clutched my arm as we looked at our programs and pointed to something.."Ita friend of mine loaned it to me.".Sis said, in an angry tone.		
"There'll be the deuce of a row, and it's good for a half column on the first page of the evening papers.."Love!."Well, that's not unusual, you know."		
"Just keep him out of my sight," father snapped..There is a mirror over the drawing room mantle, and he turned me around until we both faced it..Yes, I was driven to thoughts of murder.		
"Honestly!.And if I tell you his name you will faint with surprise.".For if it is what Carter Brooks calls "loaded" it stings your tongue.		
Yesterday, being short of money, I sold my amethyst pin to Jane, one of the housemaids, for two dollars, throwing in a lace collar when she seemed doubtful, as I had a special purpose for using funds.."I don't see how it concerns you," I responded..Just before we got to the house he said: "Goodnight and goodbye, little Barbara.		
I am young, but I have thought a great deal..So he got Mr. Grosvenor, the blonde one, to pretend he was Harold Valentine..That picture don't do him justice."		
How my heart beat!."I eat hash at school, but I don't have to pretend to like it.".He is at the club ball."		
"I can only remind you of that.."Ye gods!".(Adrian's.		
You are the type men like, for one thing..Mother took the wrong course and threatened, which as I have stated is fatal, as far as I am concerned..I tried once, but my tongue hit the roof of my mouth like the clapper of a bell.		
Nothing but eating and playing, with no higher thoughts.."A NOM DE PLUME?.My woman!"		
The boat house was near me, and I realized that upstairs, above the bathhouses, et cetera, there must be a room or two.."Oh, I wouldn't?.Also the kiss.		
My advice to the family is to get out from under..The paper says that Adrian's play is going to close the end of next week..It was not a threat, if she had only known it.		
"I don't know what has come over you, Barbara..What was I to do?.And it turned out that the other man had really only wanted her money all the time.		
mother shrieked..Also I believe he took a shower, as I heard the water running, At about seven o'clock he said he had finished the play..It shows how the first false step leads down and down, to crime and even to death.		
"and when he has agreed to what I propose," he went on, without paying any attention to what I had said, "you will be calmer..There I lived with the creatures of my dreams, and forgot for a while that I was only a SubDeb, and that Leila's last year's tennis clothes were being fixed over for me..My narrative has now come to a conclusion, and I will close with a few reflections drawn from my own sad and tragic Experience.		
Jane Raleigh and I went to a matinee late in September before returning to our institutions of learning..Which?.But not a reason.		
I will explain..If I may be permitted to express an opinion, we of the class of 1917 are not children, and should not be treated as such..Oh, day of my awakening!		
When I was going through a tragedy..I have thought over this a great deal, and I believe that now I understand..In case there was someone present in the apartment I intended to tell a falsehood, I regret to confess, and to say that I had got off at the wrong floor.		
That's important, you see, as it bears on the case.."Not intimately," I replied..I held out my hand, and he took it and kissed it.		
For, as usual, I had not been asked, although playing a good game myself, and having on more than one occasion won most of the money in the Upper House at school.."Drive them off, or use a beanshooter..I ate very little luncheon and my only comfort was my seed pearls.		
IT WAS THE MAN OF THE PICTURE, LITTLE MUSTACHE AND ALL..While she was sneaking it out of the pantry I was dressing, and soon, as a new being, I was out on the stone bench at the foot of the lawn, gazing with rapt eyes at the sea..I see it in your face.		
I confess, without shame, that I felt the stirring of the tender passion in my breast.."This looks like a gift, Barbara," she said..She says she has come for a letter.		
Oh, what a tangled Web we weave,      When first we practice to deceive..Well, I had gone as far as I meant to.."Until they meet the right one.		
And oh, Bab, he's wild about you..I would have felt better if father had been at home, because he understands somewhat the way they keep me down..Rosie sat up then, and sniffled.		
The doctor's examination was over, but he hesitated and cleared his throat..Gertrude, who had been standing aloof at a window, turned suddenly..I was as certain as possible that he did.		
I put on my bonnet and sent for what the Casanova liveryman called a "stylish turnout.".Who had made the hole in the trunkroom wall?.Why, at a quarter to three" "Listen," she said.		
Gertrude shuddered..The night the detective arrived, Saturday, I had a talk with him..Here was I, Rachel Innes, spinster, a granddaughter of old John Innes of Revolutionary days, a D. A. R., a Colonial Dame, mixed up with a vulgar and revolting crime, and even attempting to hoodwink the law!		
"I shan't stir a foot.".There were lights there, streaming cheerfully out on to the trees, and from an upper room came wavering shadows, as if some one with a lamp was moving around..She got up in her excitement and took hold of my arm.		
"The revolvermy revolverthrown into the tulip bed!"."Young Walker, down in Casanova, has been attending them..The evening dragged along slowly.		
Her name was Carrington, and the doctor made things pretty strong..He asked to be shown where Arnold Armstrong's body had been found, and I took him there..And then Gertrude opened the door, admitting Mr. Jamieson and a stocky, middleaged man.		
Why?"."Only a couple of weeks.".But when at last we had left the family on the porch and the good doctor was untying our steed, I asked him the same question I had put to Doctor Walker.		
I am very sorry for Miss Gertrude..When she came, however, I could hardly restrain a gasp of surprise..so that unless a thief was as blind asas some detectives, he could walk right in."		
As soon as they were out of earshot, he turned to me..And now, can't you see where this thing puts me?.I wake yet and feel myself cold and trembling with the horror of Halsey's situation for three days after his disappearance.		
So stop quarreling and be good.."To the station, Gertrude?.But Gertrude had risen angrily.		
"It's the hack, I am sure," she said, evidently relieved..One day I thought Gertrude knew or at least suspected that Jack had done it; the next I feared that it had been Gertrude herself, that night alone on the circular staircase.."Good afternoon, Doctor," I said formally.		
Gertrude had gone to bed, having been up almost all night, and Halsey was absent on one of those mysterious absences of his that grew more and more frequent as time went on, until it culminated in the event of the night of June the tenth..She reported a decided coolness in the greeting between Louise and her mother, and that Doctor Walker was there, apparently in charge of the arrangements for the funeral..This young Doctor Walkerhave you any idea why Mr. Innes should have gone there last night?"		
"Shall I bring him in?".But there was nothing to be seen..As the card went around, I think both the detective and I watched for any possible effect it might have, but, beyond perplexity, there seemed to be none.		
He was met by Mr. Jarvis, who took him at once to the east wing..The window was the same grayish rectangle in the blackness as before..Was Louise under surveillance?		
"I have given you all I would have given my mother, had she livedmy love, my trust..He took a watch from his pocket and put it on the table..Mr. Jarvis was called next, but his testimony amounted to little.		
"Mrs. Watson went into her room, and found she had gone without her hat..It was ThomasThomas without a mark of injury on him, and dead..Once in the night I wakened and thought I heard the tapping again.		
But Liddy seldom replied to my gibes..I am a cowarda coward!".he said.		
I asked unceremoniously, ignoring the stranger..Halsey spent part of the day with Mr. Jamieson, but he said nothing of what happened..In some way the woman had learned of the substitution, and had tried to use her knowledge for blackmail.		
"She is ill, and not able to be moved..Arnold Armstrong and his father rested side by side in the Casanova churchyard, and at the Zion African Church, on the hill, a new mound marked the last restingplace of poor Thomas..And I gathered that Mr. Burns, the other detective, had followed a similar car for miles at dawn, only to find it was a touring car on an endurance run.		
Mr. Trautman, however, was a shrewd business man, and he did not like the appearance of things..I might have known.".I have been here one week, during which I have had not a single night of uninterrupted sleep, and I intend to stay until I have recuperated.		
He saidhe said'Not so fast, young lady; I want you to let me see what's in that basket.'".It was an address in fresh ink             LUCIEN WALLACE, 14 Elm Street, Richfield..Now, Miss Innes," he said, turning to me, "I must ask you some questions.		
The left lung was collapsed, and the exit point of the ball had been found in the muscles of the back to the left of the spinal column..What did Thomas see in the shadows the night he died?.As to the reason for Louise's flight from California, or why she had not gone to the Fitzhughs', or to some of her people in town, he had no more information than I had.		
I have never been a nervous woman, as I said before..Then she seemed to make up her mind..I give it as she told it.		
I thought, Trude and I thought, we were helping him, but it was the wrong way..A woman who wished to reach the Country Club, unperceived, might choose such a method.."Do you know, I believe she is glad, glad!		
Halsey and I stood helpless before the storm..The whole situation was terrible: had the issues been less vital, it would have been absurd.."Aunt Ray, when I found Jack at the Greenwood Club last Saturday night, he was frantic.		
"Miss Rachel!.Isn't that the act of an innocent man?".The strongest thing against him is his preparation for flight, and his deciding to come back after the murder of Arnold Armstrong.		
And then I noticed that Gertrude was limpingnot much, but sufficiently to make her progress very slow, and seemingly painful..Mr. Bailey came down across the lawn, through the hedge, and got into the car on the road.".Where can I find him?"		
