With a lithe movement Judas suddenly seized Thomas and pressed him to himself with a grip so tight that he could not move and whispered into his ear: "Good..And it sounded like the humming of bees, like the chirping of crickets, like the singing of birds, this rejoicing in the house of Mary and Martha..He peered.		
It was He who had kissed me, but you defiled my mouth.."Leave these tricks be..But John and the others stopped him with terror, saying: "Madman, dost thou forget that he betrayed our Teacher into the hands of His enemies?"		
But seeing that speech wearied Him they withdrew a short distance and engaged in various occupations, being themselves but little sensitive to heat and fatigue..But the cadaverous and fetid odor which had permeated the burial robes of Lazarus, and seemingly his very body, soon disappeared completely; in the course of weeks even the bluish tint of his hands and of his countenance faded, and time also smoothed out the reddish blisters though they never vanished altogether..Are you scared, priest?		
I feel too ashamed to enter the hall.".Little by little the disciples became accustomed to Judas and ceased to notice his ugliness..The latter glanced a moment at the priest and leaping from his place cut his way into the rear of the departing throng, bellowing with wrath and fear.		
A terrible time is approaching.."Come, let us give our last kiss, brethren, to the departed one, giving thanks unto God...." A commotion ensues in the church; some depart stealthily without exchanging any words with those who remain, and the darkened church is now only comfortably filled..Long lasted the silenceand it was the silence of death.		
But Lazarus was silent..Be quiet!".Since the death of the Popadya he had imposed upon himself an ascetic regime: he drank no tea, he tasted neither meat nor fish, and on days of abstinence, Wednesday and Friday, his food consisted merely of bread soaked in water.		
They avoided looking into his face as he passed, fearing to succumb to the baneful spell of his eyes; but when they judged from the sound of his footsteps that he had passed on, they paused and raising their heads with a little fearsome curiosity watched the departing figure of the tall, corpulent, slightly stooping old man who was slowly wending his way into the heart of the Imperial' palace..This was on the third day after he had emerged from his grave..Of course, a very small sum, but is Judas dissatisfied?		
repeated Mossyagin..Satan!.He breathed heavily and fixed his gaze longingly, questioningly, on the deep and calm eyes of Jesus.		
Judas managed to obtain somewhere a couple of swords, but only Peter was pleased with his foresight, and only Peter praised Jesus and the swords, while the others remarked disapprovingly: "Are the warriors to gird ourselves with swords..Many thoughtless people jostled him in the street failing to recognize him, and only later learned the identity of that quiet corpulent man the edge of whose gaudy and festive apparel had brushed against them..He who weepeth in the day of the great vengeance is not worthy of it, knowest thou this, Judas?		
Elbow was touching upon elbow and yet it seemed to each one that he was standing alone in a boundless waste..Two hours later Semen was taken out dead..Their dispute was fast becoming unseemly and the Teacher was commencing to frown, when Peter chanced to look up at Judas and laughed out exultingly.		
He is sick.".And we shall still sit as we are sitting now, you in your corner and I in mine..And when he spoke, with the loud articulation of one addressing a deaf person, his voice rang with an unshakeable and terrible faith.		
The column of smoke which he had seen the night before, was it not that pillar of fire which had marked for the Hebrews a path through the pathless desert?.The lights of the tapers pierce the darkness like immobile spears, and somewhere in the distance the fleeing storm mockingly chants: "Two of them.. Two of them.." Stillness..They clothed him in rich attire, bright with the hues of hope and merriment, and when he sat among them once more, arrayed like the bridegroom in his wedding garments, and ate and drank once more, they wept for joy and summoned the neighbors to view him, who had so miraculously risen from the dead.		
He saw a stuffy, crowded, dirty little room, like all the guardhouses in the world, with a floor that had been diligently spat on and with walls that were greasy and stained as if hundreds of filthy people had walked or slept upon them..Peter turned his head in the direction of the departed Teacher and wearily answered: "I don't know."."I fear thou mockest me, brother."		
Time passed on, but still they stood there, unmoved in the maddened chase of shadow shapes and smoke, and it seemed as if they had been standing there for ages..There might have been no difference between his ramshackle but at the threshold of the desert and the splendid and massive palace of stone, so stolidly indifferent was his unobserving glance..His robe inflated from his swift and impetuous flight and his arms stretched upward as though he soared on wings.		
"Don't you love anybody either?."Papa!".The same horrible pall sank upon their souls and imparted a novel appearance to the old familiar world.		
He longed to purge himself for the great martyrdom and the great sacrifice yet unrevealed, and his days and his nights became one ceaseless prayer, one wordless effusion..Why are ye living whereas He is dead?.Thither!"		
And as one emerging from the grave, he first felt the rays of light touching his strangely shaped skull and then his sight met the eyes of the onlookers..A dozen times, to a dozen different priests he had related the same story, and because of this repetition it appeared to him simple and ordinary and unrelated to himself, as though it were a mere fairy tale which he had learned by heart..Still the same sharp little stones rolled from under his feet as if dragging him back, and the mountain was high, windswept and gloomy.		
Listen, Nastya!."And who else sees them but the man himself?".Thou art ever silent?		
Listen!".And in mute horror he reels backward throwing up his swelling arms in selfdefence..And the winter was passing quietly and happily.		
And there will be no hell..And the women heard him eagerly..The blood of all hearts, living and dead, had nourished its roots, and it had branched out over the whole of life like a great and mighty tree.		
The stiff, red fingers cannot turn the page..The terror and the dreams of Judas are accomplishedhe rises from his knees (he had been kneeling for some reason) and looks around coldly.."Ah!"		
It seemed wearied, like the face of an actor exhausted after playing a difficult part, and around his tightly shut enormous mouth lay the shadow of stern grief.."Yes," condescendingly agreed John, "tell him who will be the first and nearest to Jesus.".What if they have comprehended that this wasthe very best among men.		
"Be calm.."Of course..He is our brother and all the money is his as well as ours, and if he needs much let him take much, telling no one nor taking counsel with any.		
And when he was twitted with his mistake he shrugged his shoulders in resignation and said: "Yes, yes..II..Once again he sat on the rock, raising aloft his shaggy neglected beard.		
She was still young, but silver threads were running through her hair, the teeth once so white had turned black, and her eyes were baggy..A memory of something horribly distant flashes through' his mind, of some vernal laughter that had been ringing in a dim past and then died away..Father Vassily lifted up his eyesthey were little eyes, sunken and black as coal; they were aglow with the bright reflection of the heavenly flame, and he pressed his hands to his breast and tried to say something.		
There we have spring, and summer will follow..Jesus was speaking and his disciples listened in silence..Losing their mantles, running into the trees, stumbling against stones and falling they fled into the mountains, driven by terror and in the stillness of the moonlit night the ground resounded under their fugitive feet.		
Thomas realized this and gazed again with obstinate effort..A genuine priest and a servant of God seemed to him akin to an honest and efficient steward who requires an exact and accurate accounting from those with whom he deals..They shake the tree of life before it yields its full fruitage and scatter to the wind its blossoming fragrance.		
screamed the Iscariot towering over the high priest, encircling him with the frenzied whirlwind of his gestures and words..While his cunning live eye was mobile he appeared to be genuine and gentle, but when both of his eyes assumed that fixed and rigid look, and the skin on his forehead gathered into queer wrinkles and folds, one received the disquieting impression that within that skull there swarmed very peculiar thoughts, utterly strange, quite peculiar thoughts that had no language of their own and they enveloped the cogitating Iscariot with a shroud of mystery so disturbing that the beholder longed to have him break the silence quickly, to stir a little or even to lie..And in an instant all of this was stilled, dimmed, and had passed away, and then in the soft halflight, in the deep shadow, he had an image of one of the picture galleries where, the day before, for two hours, he had eluded his pursuers.		
»Dearie, dearie, now don't be angry..Then, why sacrifice himself?.»What?« »You haven't finished your glass, Liuba.		
He watched and waited..I'll fling you at their feet and tell them, 'Take your carrion!'.Why don't you answer?		
I fling it away....« He let fall his hands, almost with a groan, and all their eyes looked downwards as though there really lay something down there, something delicate and brittle, that had been shattered into fragmentsa beautiful human life..You are not offended that I mistook you for a fool?.And I'll kiss your hand!« He moved away, and, with an air of sullen grief, said: »What are you trying to do with me, Liuba?		
»You are going?.He was still standing there when Liuba ran in, excitedly calling to him from the door..in the face of the living!		
He smiled..What have I done to you?.»Are your eyes open?« she asked.		
And the woman, joyously, obediently, became limp in his arms..Half an hour later, in the chill of the October morning, heavy boots were scrunching the hoarfrost and along the empty streets moved in silence a company of policemen and detectives..That all the signal fires be extinguished.		
Herekiss it where it smarts!« She thrust her hand to his lips and withdrew it swiftly..»Oh, you fine man!.Why shouldn't I be patient for another five minutes?« She sat back comfortably on the chair, as though in anticipation of a rare pleasure, and crossed her naked arms and closed her eyes.		
You hit me, and I cannot let matters rest at that.« The girl smiled..My relations with you are quite proper..»What is the matter, Liuba?« he asked, shattered.		
Here!.Little hand, you have hit a fine man!« She smiled, and did in fact three times stroke and kiss her right hand..Look, dear, don't be deceitful.		
He stepped toward the door..Silence!« But she still quietly shook her head and repeated: »My God!.One shoutHalt!		
»What?« »Off with you..»But I thought you were going to stay....« »What?« »The key's in your pocketfor my sake.« The lock was already creaking..And this made him again seem strange and unknown to herand also very handsome.		
For she was not of the faith..»I can't hear what you say, Liuba?« Then something distant, dull, soaked in tears: »Waitbefore you go ... over there ... some officers have arrived..Do you want to go to the police, my dear?		
And I do not know who you are, brother or bridegroom of mine..Truththat music and the jingling spurs?.I don't want that sort.« »What, thenwhat do you want?« »I want you, my darling,you.		
Merely because I have done no harm, merely because I have devoted all my life to these very people..He turned away and slightly shrugged his shoulders..Oh, Màrkusha!		
All this was gone..It was your own fault..»What is there to make you merry?« He looked up coldly and turned aside.		
If I have, forgive me..But the music in the hall played on, the frequent little notes with bare heads hairless jostled up and down, and the thought came: »Now I can sleep.« And all at once he fell into a deep slumber..He walked silently across the room in the direction where They were to be found, and said one word: »Well?« A chill came over him as he crossed his arms, facing Them; and that one little word held many meaningsa last farewellsome obscure challenge, some irrevocable evil resolution to fight everyone, even his own comradesa little, a very little, sense of reproach.		
You're a lot of ... and he's still an innocent boy!« She broke into sobs..Just think!.I don't want to comeVery well, do as you like.		
»That's not fine..Drink!.He too at first pities me, and then gets angry, because I do not adore him as though he were an icon.		
We will drink together!.»No, I never drink anything.« »What, never drink!.At first I was even offended.		
The laughter and shrieks died away, and nothing but their heavy breathing was audible above the continuous stamping and clatter of feetrabid, unrelenting, implacable..But even then he did not stir..The stillness lasted a long time; and then the calm, serious voice spoke: »I think, Liuba, there is still one cognac left on the table.		
»Please drink!.»Why aren't you drinking?« he asked..I saw it the moment you kissed my hand.		
Such tears he had never seen!.Think it out for yourself, and I'll stop talking..But he replied seriously: »I don't know.		
What is the matter, Liuba?« She answered, but so faintly that he could not hear..And, in his soul, laid waste by the conflagration of a desolated world, there glowed and gleamed, like a white fire of incandescent steel, one thing alonehis flaming will; blind now and purposeless, it was still greedily reaching out afar, while his body, undisturbed, was secretly being steeled in the feeling of limitless power and ability to create all things or to shatter all things at will..»A hero, indeed!« the superintendent prayerfully recanted.		
He's only shaved his beard..Isn't that a revolver you have in your pocket?.»Oh, of course ... but that's silly!« »But do you know how much you have on you?		
»Listen!.She explained briefly: »The officers are starting a dance..Outside the spurs were jingling rhythmically, and the pianist with revived energy was conscientiously beating out a vigorous mazurka.		
»Take them!« When he was left alone and without the revolver he had carried so many years, the half open door letting in the sound of strange voices and the clink of spurs, he felt the whole weight of the great burden he had taken on his shoulders..And then I saw that this, too, came from this fineness of yours..»You hang himand it pleases you both: him because he is going straight to the Kingdom of Heaven, and you as a demonstration that brave men still exist.		
Andstrange!Liuba smiled..Squarecheeked, hardheaded, conscious only of the conflict in his soul, he sat there resting his head on his hands and slowly turning his eyes as though from one extreme of life to the other..And now it was too late even for prison.		
Nobody understood his wild speech, but they found him pleasing in himself, his pale figure and his peculiar quality of wickedness..Our commander was very uneasy..Don't you know it, Jeanne?		
Yes!.Listen to me!although I am young and should be silentListen to me!.JEANNE A girl.		
A fourth woman approaches them quietly. FOURTH WOMAN Good evening!.An important announcement seems to have been made there..JEANNE Laughing. Soldier, is it possible that you are capricious?		
Curtain SCENE V Night..The air is poisoned with the smell of smoke..JEANNE You cannot manage it today.		
I felt so bad and was so frightened that I could hardly run out..I'll give you something to eat at once..HENRIETTA Yes, an unfamiliar voice.		
You love him; you, yourself, would die if he were killedtell him that, mother!.JEANNE Irresolutely. Nothing..I will come forward and will say: "First you must judge me; I have also murderedand you know that I am an honest man!"		
MAURICE Blushing. No, father, I cannot just now..The roaring sound is growing rapidly. COMMANDER Shots. Who has commanded to retreat?.Grelieu, we have come to you not only to express our sympathy.		
PIERRE Father, it is better that we be in the same regiment..STEIN Doesn't one find there a wonderful refinement, culture and innate elegance?.Your lifeI am afraid that another minute, and it will be too late!		
Haven't you heard anything about your husband?.OFFICER Your Highness!.They listen. But they are brave fellows!		
Before this You were alone in the sky, and now those base Prussians are there too!.Or have you ever seen his hair in disorder?.PEASANT What can I know?		
FOURTH WOMAN What if some one is ringing there again?.MAURICE Good morning, papa..GENERAL No.		
Take it up, Ritzau..Count Clairmont will bring his surgeon along with him..EMIL GRELIEU Yes, yes, it is war.		
Blumenfeld comes out and rejoins the two officers, taking up his cigar. STEIN Another military secret?.The sound of cannonading is heard. JEANNE Softly, to Maurice. Sit down, Maurice, it is hard for you to stand..Impossible!		
SILVINA You must not speak of it!.But without an army we would have been bootblacks, Lagard!.You may say what you please about luck, but it exists.		
Our first son, Pierre, was killed at Liège COUNT CLAIRMONT I dare not console you, Madame Grelieu..Nonsense, they are crazy!.PIERRE Very, very few, father!		
As the personal correspondent of his Highness I have the honor to know many things which others are not allowed to knowOh, gentlemen, he has a wonderful mind!.I am ashamed to call myself your general!.EMIL GRELIEU Yes, that is a terrible question for a man.		
With horror. We must hurry, your Highness!.EMIL GRELIEU What is this?.Give us time, Grelieu.		
Do you think, Pierre, that I should not kill?.Silence. PIERRE Mamma!.That is fire.		
JEANNE I say this on account of the children..OFFICER They are flooded, your Highness..Gerhardt, go there!		
DOCTOR If we don't start in a quarter of an hour EMIL GRELIEU In half an hour, Doctor..EMIL GRELIEU Do you know any news?.In despair. Not sufficient.		
Oh, your Highness!.All grew quiet again..Maurice walks quickly to the window and raises his left hand to his forehead, straightening himself in military fashion.		
PIERRE No, it's hardly possible..JEANNE Yes..HENRIETTA And with whom are your children just now?		
First of all it is necessary to wring out the air as they wring the clothes they wash, and dry it in the sun..Exit, almost colliding with Silvina, who is excited. MAURICE Whispering. Who is it, Silvina?.François, do you hear?		
Don't agitate yourself..Pierre reads it over the shoulder of his father..I was foolishly excited, but do you know I could not endure it.		
COMMANDER Silence!.Can't you fall asleep, Emil?.SECOND WOMAN And nothing more?		
Another few days will pass, and they will crawl over to Antwerp, they will turn their jaws to the city, to the churchesWoe to Belgium, master!.RITZAU Very well..STEIN Would you rather be in Paris?		
Singing the same tune. He said that their numbers were too great..EMIL GRELIEU Oh, my poor head, it is so weak MAURICE Going over to him. Forgive me, father, I'll not do it any more..What is it, Greitzer?		
STEIN But we have saved them from dullness for a long time to come..No, no, impossible!.Must I take this off, or can you do it without removing this?		
