"So does papa," said Betty; "oh, so very much!next to Lady Mary and Mrs..It was the opposite side of the house from Lady Mary's own rooms, and nobody else would think anything strange of such comings and goings..Pagot had been at Danesly before with the Duncans, and had many friends in the household.		
"Lady Mary looks a queen at the head of the table, with the French prince beside her and the great Earl of Seacliff at the other side," said Pagot proudly.."I wear muslins for very best," she said serenely.."Now that I'm here, I'll look at the arrowheads; mayn't I, papa?"		
he said, blushing crimson as both the girls laughed..The butler and his men were more military than ever; it was altogether a famous, muchdiamonded dinner company, and Lady Mary looked quite magnificent at the head..For was not Lady Mary a very great lady indeed, and one of the most charming women in England?a famous hostess and assembler of really delightful people?		
The sun was shining, and she had been leaning out upon the great stone windowsill looking down the long slopes of the country into the wintry mists..But suddenly the carriage stopped, and the footman jumped down and opened the door.."Here's a bit of charred bone," he was saying eagerly to a wiselooking old gentleman, "and here's a funeral beadjust as I expected.		
a procession!".There was nothing else to do," he explained ruefully.."I danced with you at the Duncans', at a party, just before I first went to Eton,oh, ever so long ago!you won't remember it; and I've seen you once besides, at their place in Warwickshire, you know.		
I heard him singing 'The Bonny Ivy Tree' like a flute only yesterday, so he must know more of those other old things that Aunt Mary likes.".She had not been taught either to admire or to enjoy very much, which seemed to make her schooling count for but little so far; but she adored her father and his brilliant wit in a most lovely way, and with this affection and pride Betty could warmly sympathize.."Oh, that was too bad," said Betty, rushing to the rescue, while Lady Mary walked on with Mr. Banfield.		
said Edith wistfully..What a splendid big room!"."Isn't she lovely!"		
They went along the corridor and down the great staircase, past the portraits and the marble busts and figures on the landings..It was a great delight to be asked to the holiday party; many a grown person would be thankful to take Betty's place..In the gallery itself there were quaint little heavy wooden stools for the musicians: the harpers and fiddlers and pipers who had played for so many generations of gay dancers, for whom the same lights had flickered, and over whose heads the old hangings had waved.		
There was a little noise behind the eager girls, and they turned quickly..She had wrapped some black lace about her head and shoulders, and held it gathered with one hand at her throat..you must be an American too.		
"I just came," he repeated..Betty looked first for papa, and saw him sitting beside Lady Dimdale, who was a great friend of his; then she looked for Lady Mary, who was at the head between the two gentlemen of whom Pagot had spoken..Poor Edith Banfield, like poor Betty, had no mother, but Edith had spent several years already at a large boardingschool.		
So they started off together toward the British Museum in all the rain, with the shutter of the cab put down and the horse trotting along the shining streets as if he liked it..This path was much shorter than the road, so that papa was sure of reaching the house first; but Betty felt a little lonely, being tired, and shy of meeting a great bright houseful of people quite by herself, in case papa should loiter..The two girls had a delightful dinner together in the morningroom next Betty's own, and Edith's good humor was quite restored.		
Papa looked really boyish, so many of the men were older than he..Drum, the housekeeper,all these things having been planned beforehand..That first evening she had her dinner alone, and afterward was reading and resting after her journey in Lady Mary's own little sittingroom, which was next her own room.		
Behind him came a splendid retinue of the musicians, singing and playing; every one carried some picturesque horn or trumpet or stringed instrument from Lady Mary's collection, and those who sang also made believe to play in the interludes.."Why, of course," said Betty, with great pleasure..When Pagot came up from her own hasty supper and "crack" with her friends to look after Betty, and to unpack, she had great tales to tell of the large and noble company assembled at Danesly House.		
It was impossible not to be reminded of the day when Mary Beck came to call in Tideshead, with her best hat and birdofparadise feather, and they both felt so awkward and miserable..You ought to see my aunt cast a fly.".Edith Banfield talked on in an excited, persistent way to Betty, after having finally yielded up her bag to the footman, and looking after him somewhat anxiously.		
Old dislikes were forgotten between the guests; at Christmas time it is easy to say kind words that are hard to say all the rest of the year; at Christmas time one loves his neighbor and thinks better of him; Christmas love and goodwill come and fill the heart whether one beckons them or no.."I'd rather do anything than sit all through the dinner.."There's the old gallery, you know.		
"Why, aren't you going to dress?".Just four or five people who come to tea in Tideshead can make one another's ears ache..We've a house to look at, and it's dull weather for what I wish to do here at the museum.		
"I walked over from the station across the fields.."Not coming to dinner?".Betty and Pagot closed the narrow door of the gallery softly behind them, and our friend went back to her own bedroom, where there was a nice fire, and nearly fell asleep before it, while Pagot was getting the last things unpacked and ready for the night.		
"There's plenty of room to look.."I have seen you with the Duncans, have I not?"."Well, I'm awfully glad you're here," she said, with a satisfied sigh; "you know all about it better than I do, and can tell me what to put on."		
Don't wait to see what is going to be done for you, but try to help entertain your fellow guests and to make the moment pleasant, and you will be sure to enjoy yourself and to find your hostess wishing you to come again..I've put you next your father's rooms, and tomorrow Miss Banfield will be near by, and you're to dine in my little morningroom tonight..Oh, isn't that blue gown a beauty!		
I thought we might go down together if you were ready.".Such savages and their horrid ways were best forgotten by decent folks, if Pagot might be so bold as to say so..Everybody jumped up if he wished for a plate, or for more jam, or some cold game, which was on the sideboard with many other things.		
IV Betty and her father had taken a long journey from London..He usually objects so much that I believe you have found some new way to make it easy.."It'll be fun to surprise her.		
"You're Betty Leicester, aren't you?.People don't care a bit.'" Warford was more at home in the hunting field than in the house; but the young people saw much of each other..Lady Dimdale knows everything about music; I mean to ask her.		
There was nobody else there at that moment, and the winter sun was shining in along the floor..But we"she suddenly foresaw a great disappointment"we needn't go down yet, you know, Edith; we are not out, and dinner isn't like luncheon here in England..She stole an affectionate glance now and then at Lady Mary, and had fine bits of talk with her father, who had spent a charming evening and now told Betty something about it, and how glad he was to have her see their fellow guests.		
I couldn't get used to it last summer; Aunt Barbara was almost the only teaparty person in Tideshead who didn't get screaming.".And then it was soon time for the ladies to go to the drawingroom, and Betty, feeling a little tired and out of breath with so much excitement, slipped away by herself and to her own thoughts; of Lady Mary, who would be busy with her guests, but still more of papa, who must be waited for until he came to join the ladies, when she could have a talk with him before they said goodnight..She looked again at the telegram, which was much nicer than most telegrams.		
Behind these were all the men in livery, two and two; and so they went round and round the table until at last Warford slipped into his seat, and the pudding was put before him with great state, while the procession waited..Look; you can see it first between the two oaks there to the left.."Poor souls!		
It was a long way about, through two or three rooms and the great hall to the entrance; but Betty overtook Lady Mary just as she reached the great door, going forward in the most hospitable, charming way to meet the newcomers..Lady Mary looked at her too, and was really full of wonder, because in some way Betty had managed with simple friendliness to make her shy nephew quite forget himself, and to give some feeling of belongingness to Edith Banfield, who would have felt astray by herself in a strange English house..Betty, who had been sitting when Lady Mary came toward her, had risen at once to meet her, without thinking about it; but Edith Banfield still sat in her low chair, feeling stiff and uncomfortable, while Lady Mary did not find it easy to talk down at her or to think of anything to say.		
They made a charming picture against the wall with its dark tapestry, and Lady Dimdale felt proud of her own part in the work..and they all laughed again, as young people will..It is an awkward time to get to a strange house, poor man; but they were in the South and took a night train that is very slow.		
It was perfectly delightful that everything had gone off so well.."They're dining in the great banquet hall itself," she said with pride.."There, 't will be somethin' laughable to tell Mis' Timms.		
I haven't been on this part of the road for so long that I feel kind of strange..I ain't told you I was goin' to cut 'em, have I?.The captain sighed.		
"Your aunt was beautiful.."I never spoke o' goin' to Barnum's to any livin' soul," insisted Abel, flushing..Sing'lar he shouldn't be a married man.		
He had it in mind to buy a new straw hat at Topham, so that this with the turnip seed and the hoe made three important reasons for going..Goodby, my little friends!".He had now made a good bit of money for himself on this private venture, and was ready that morning to pay Mr. Abel Pinkham cash down, and to give him a handsome order for the next season for all he could make.		
He looked away at them from time to time, or else bent over and poked among the woodhouse dust and fine chips with his walkingstick..She set everything by Mis' Haydon, didn't she?."I really ought to call over an' see her some o' these days, knowing her husband's folks as well as I used to, an' visitin' of 'em when I was a girl."		
"You can tell 'em I'll sign it," said Joe Banks, flushing a warm, bright color under his seachilled skin..His hats were always more or less damaged..The merry, wellfed colored people, who were indulging their latewon liberty of travel on the trains, had evidently shirked any responsibilities for such stray remnants of humanity.		
"I was brought up amongst the Freewill Baptists.".I'm gettin' along in years, an' I never was a great talker..The kitchen was a blaze of light.		
"We could reckon what a sight o' folks there was here this afternoon by the times we had to make new tea, if there wa'n't no other way.."I could see 'em quite a spell..There was a tinge of autumn color on even the English elms as Tom Burton walked slowly up Beacon Street.		
"I do so!".I don't see anybody that looks any better than you do," said Abel, with boyish and reassuring pride..The women glanced at him with a sense of relief.		
"Why, I couldn't tell 'em apart; the flowers are comin' out just right, aren't they?".English, of course; and it looks like a lovingcup.."Be still, all of you!"		
I can walk like a bird, now, I tell ye; last summer I went eleven miles, an' ag'in nine miles.."There, I don't want to hear no more about the woodbox bein' empty.."Sha'n't I carry your bag for you?"		
IV..She watched him go away with a terrible inward shaking, and sinking of pride.."There!		
"I've been distressed to think it wa'n't done before..Everybody felt sorry for Mrs. Lunn, especially as it was known that this cousin had always been as generous as her income would allow; but she was chiefly dependent upon an annuity, and was thought to have but little to leave behind her..An awful feeling of tiredness and uncertainty settled down upon their once buoyant spirits.		
P'r'aps William an' I'll walk over, after supper's put away.."I tell ye, William, I'm drove to the wall..To use his own expression, he now put about and steered a new course.		
I never could tell you about the rest of the day with her, could I?.demanded the father, tipping his chair down emphatically on all four legs..We're all goin' to find him very handy; he'll have plenty to do among us all summer.		
But Joe wanted Lizzie..It 's just exactly the day to have company..There you git the sail in while I hold her stiddy, Chauncey."		
Ferris had driven a great many sharp bargains; he had plenty of capital behind him, and had taken advantage of the hard times, and of more than one man's distress, to buy woodland at far less than its value..Broke you all down, savin' her," he ended in an aggrieved tone..That time I was here so long, when you was so sick, I did just admire Mis' Haydon.		
An' how she'd laugh to hear the frogs again!.Mr. Dean, Susan Louisa's husband, died the eighth day o' last March."."I don't know's I care; I can maintain them two trees," answered Packer, with spirit; but he turned and looked away, not at the contractor.		
She had no gift at entertaining herself, and was always glad, as one might say, to be taken off her own hands..Miss Pickett smiled, but did not speak, as if she expected more arguments still..His voice shook; it was the only approach to a lament, to a complaint, that he had made.		
And Joe went..No; I'll turn her over, and make her snug for winter, and git a small boat o' Joe.."I don't know but what I was a'most," said the tired man, starting a little.		
Why, Mis' Bickford!".She came toward him with her mixingspoon in her hand; her face was lovely and hopeful.."Why, so do I,"here the rockingchair stopped ominously,"but so long's they're contented" "Contented ain't all in this world; hoppertoads may have that quality an' spend all their time ablinkin'.		
"We'll get along," repeated the old man..I shall hope that we may have some shooting together.".He was called "The Captain" by his townsfolk, while other shipmasters, active or retired, were given their full and distinctive names of Captain Crowe, Captain Eli Proudfit, or Captain Asa Shaw, as the case might be.		
Israel Haydon's heart felt lighter than it had for many a week..He was dimly conscious of the younger and lesser man's being for some unexplainable reason a formidable rival, and tried blunderingly to show the degree of intimacy which existed between himself and the lady.."Orthodox," said Miss Pickett quickly, before Mrs. Flagg could speak.		
"I ain't never felt free with father Haydon, but I do respect him," she added presently..She hoped that they were going to drive by, but something forbade her taking the responsibility of saying so..Everybody had come to him for directions, and expected from him the knowledge of practical arrangements that she had always shown in the forty years of their married life.		
John Packer was always goodtempered when the wind was in the south.."I come by your house just now," he said to Captain Shaw, who still glowered from the rockingchair..There was a small fishingboat standing in toward the shore, and far off were two or three coasters.		
My dear wife is but frail," said the old man, after a long silence, and with touching pathos..I ain't comfortable, and I can't make nothin' o' that poor shoat of a boy.."Come, le' 's say this is the last trip, Joe."		
The little dog sat apart, and barked as if it fell entirely upon him to voice the general excitement.."But then there's the little girls, a sight o' help an' company," urged the father eagerly, as if it were wrong to dwell upon sorrow and loss..Seems to me lamplighters is gone out o' fashion; they come in very handy."		
"A few flowers gives me just as much pleasure as more would," she added.."There he is now, there's the judge!"."Either she didn't see us, or else she's slipped upstairs to make some change, an' is just goin' to let us ring again.		
If she gave him the rose, it would be for the sake of affectionate apology.."'Well,' says Sim Decker, 'on the twentythird day of April Ben Dighton was hung to the yardarm, and I see 'em do it, Lord help him!.They're curious folks, take 'em altogether, sailors is; specially these foreign fellows that wander about from ship to ship.		
Bless ye!.Dreadful tough time of it with her husband, shif'less and drunk all his time..It must have taken great courage, I think, to strike the first blow of one's axe here in the woods, and it must have been a brave certainty of one's perseverance that looked forward to the smooth field which was to succeed the unfruitful wilderness.		
It was strange, to be sure, that people had lived there, and had had a home where they were busy, and where the fortunes of life had found them; that they had followed out the law of existence in its succession of growth and flourishing and failure and decay, within that steadily narrowing circle of trees..It was a great thing to be a country minister in those old days, and to be such a minister as he was; truly the priest and ruler of his people.."Walk in and see the wonder of the world, ladies and gentlemen,the largest woman ever seen in America,the great Kentucky giantess!"		
That was 'most sixty year ago," said the captain, reflectively..This led to some distressing moments for both our friends; they understood suddenly that instead of dwelling in heaven they were still upon earth, and had made themselves slaves to new laws and limitations..Everybody lingered longest before the monkeys, who seemed to be the only lively creatures in the whole collection; and finally we made our way into the other tent, and perched ourselves on a high seat, from whence we had a capital view of the audience and the ring, and could see the people come in.		
I walked the horse about slowly, picking a hard little yellow apple here and there from the boughs over my head, and at last I found a cellar all grown over with grass, with not even a bit of a crumbling brick to be seen in the hollow of it..And the old man said, flushing a little, "Well, I'm not so smart as some of the men who started when I did, and some of 'em went ahead of me, but some of 'em didn't, after all..How they do hold to their old haunts!"		
It was amusing to see the curiosity which we aroused..When we came away we were so glad that we could give the man more than he asked us for taking care of the horse, and his thanks touched us..'I guess a summer shower won't hurt an old sailor like me,' says I."		
We Americans had better build more fences than take any away from our lives..I went down to see who was there, and had the pleasure of receiving our first caller..Thoroughly at her ease, she had the manner of a lady of the olden times, using the quaint fashion of speech which she had been taught in her girlhood.		
Yes, 'twas a shame, nice woman; good consistent churchmember; always been respected; useful among the sick.".I thought it was a nightcap, and that she had forgotten to take it off, and dreaded her mortification if she should suddenly become conscious of it; but I need not have troubled myself, for while we were with her she pulled it on and tied it tighter, as if she considered it ornamental..Here is the wild fruit,the same fruit at heart as that with which the gardener wins his prize.		
But there were a great many to be turned and made over in Deephaven, and she went to the Carews' and Lorimers' at housecleaning time or in seasons of great festivity..I remembered the Enchanted Palace and the Sleeping Beauty in the Wood, and it seemed as if I were on the way to it, and this was a corner of that palace garden..I had been thinking about the lonely fisherman in a sentimental way, and so irrelevant a question shocked me.		
And when he went away, says he to Statiry, in a dreadful knowing way, 'Which of us do you consider the deacon come to see?'.he was so good to me!.There are one or two books of mine and some little things which I have had a long time, and of which I have grown very fond.		
The mania was so acute that no one had the slightest thought that she would recover or even live long..We had a grand chance to see the fashions, and there were many old people and a great number of little children, and some families had evidently locked their house door behind them, since they had brought both the dog and the baby..Let me alone, I say!'		
They'll be obliged, I'm sure..said I..It need not have troubled itself; nobody would ever wish to sit there.		
Every walk of this kind proves itself a tour of exploration and discovery, and the fields of my own town, which I think I know so well, are always new fields..He said he'd outgrown it dreadful quick..The stars faded away and the moon came up out of the sea, and we barred the great hall door and went up stairs to bed.		
says he, edging round; 'I'll change it for ye, then.'.He looks older, but just the same other ways, and he's got long hair, like a horse's mane, all down over his shoulders.'.The children in front of us mildly scuffled with each other at one time, until the one at the end of the pew dropped a marble, which struck the floor and rolled with a frightful noise down the edge of the aisle where there was no carpet.		
"Suppose we go down, now," said Mr. Lorimer, long before Kate and I had meant to propose such a thing; and our feeling was that of dismay..seeing her has took away all the fun," said Mrs. Kew ruefully; and we were all dismal for a while, but at last, after we were fairly started for home, we began to be merry again.."There's some scud coming in a'ready," said he.		
Sometimes there were red India scarfs in spite of its being hot weather; but our favorite ones were long strips of silk, embroidered along the edges and at the ends with dismalcolored floss in odd patterns..They have much in common, after all, with the plants which grow up out of the ground and the wild creatures which depend upon their instincts wholly.".She never was no great of a mouser, but it went to my heart to see how pleased she looks!		
Snow's kind heart to be made of flint.."What a pitiful ending it is," said Kate..It felt like winter, and the captains rolled more than ever as they walked, as if they were on deck in a heavy sea.		
I'll remember it for ye some day if you'll put me in mind.."A little," said Kate, "but we had nearly given it up.."How time does slip away!		
The door fitted loosely, and the man gave it a vindictive shake, as if he thought that the poor house had somehow been to blame, and that after a long desperate struggle for life under its roof and among the stony fields the family must go away defeated..But the greatest wasland!.asked Kate.		
Our thoughts are our own; God gives our life to us moment by moment, but He gives it to be our own..Mis' Hateevil Beckett, says she, 'It does make my man feel dreadful to see his brother's folks carry on so.'.But he didn't seem to gain, and me and 'Bijah both told him he'd be better to kill now, while everything was favor'ble, and if he set out to wait something might happen to him, and then I've always held that you can't get no hog only just so fur, and for my part I don't like these great overgrown creatur's.		
I had a good deal o' trouble, and I thought I'd lost my health, but I hadn't, and that was thirty or forty years ago..She liked to go round same's if it was day..said she, with a tone of pity in her grum voice; could it be possible he didn't know,the Deephaven minister!		
Then there was another brother who was insane, and who became so violent that he was chained for years in one of the upper chambers, a dangerous prisoner..When Mr. Lorimer shook hands with her, at leaving, she made him a most reverential courtesy..Andrew and Moses, they were holding him with all their might, and they were both hearty men, but he 'most got away from them once or twice, and he screeched and howled like a mad creatur', and then he would cry again like a child.		
All the boys in town came as soon as possible to see these amazing pictures, and some were wretched in their secret hearts at the thought that they might not see the show itself..That was a good while ago; and do you rec'lect how she used to play the piano?."He was a real willin', honest man, Andrew was," said our new friend, "but he used to be sickly, and seemed to have no luck, though for a year or two he got along some better.		
"They're dreadful nervous, all them Ashes," said Mrs.."Gran'ther he got his breakfast and started right off for Boston, and got there early the second day, and went right down on the wharves..says he.		
I cannot make fun of what was once dear to somebody, and which realized somebody's ideas of beauty or fitness.."Could you wait out by the red buoy while we get a few more, and then should you be back by noon, or are you going for a longer voyage, Captain Sands?".And she bowed gravely, when we thanked her and begged her pardon, we hardly knew why, and came away.		
The picture belongs most to the man who loves it best and sees entirely its meaning..She occupied, on the whole, much the same position that Mrs. Betty Barker did in Cranford..And then he recollected himself, and was silent, which his audience must confess to have regretted for a moment.		
I should not care to enlarge my acquaintance to any great extent.".Kate asked if she would be kind enough to lend us a tumbler (for ours was in the basket, which was given into Tommy's charge)..Land!		
He meant well..We used to discuss the weather, and I said that I went to school (sometimes), or that it was then vacation, as the case might be, and we tried to make ourselves agreeable to each other..I've seen him a good many times.		
