There he would find goldpure goldwonderful fortune to bring back to his poor people to build a church for them, and a city..When he touched them golden ashes drifted from them and blew down among the rocks..It would be dreadful if they were to kill anybody, or especially if one of them should be killed.” Miss Hammond, you've changed things considerable out here, but you can't change these men.		
I took him in to see Bonita..Bonita will tell you some staggerin' news about that outfit..Come hyar, you sonofagun,” said Stillwell.		
She marked the gray valley and the black mountains and the wide, red gateway of the desert, and the dim, shadowy peaks, blue as the sky they pierced..He leaped at his black horse and dragged him to where his saddle lay..In helping him had she hedged round her forces that had just operated to save her life, or if not that, more than life was to her?		
The wind would blow us off this slope if the rain didn't wash us off..Madeline was uneasy because several of her party, including Helen and Dorothy, had ridden off with the cowboys that afternoon and had not returned..In the background behind Stillwell and Alfred stood Nick Steele, head and shoulders over a number of vaqueros and cowboys.		
What time did you arrive at El Cajon thet night?” It was after eleven o'clock,” replied Madeline..What's wrong?” asked Nels, lifting his hand again..My word is not lightly given.		
Upon the ascent of the third ridge, which Madeline remembered was the last uneven ground between the point she had reached and home, Florence exercised even more guarded care in advancing..His grave face, paler than she had ever beheld it, caused her to stretch an appealing hand toward him..The feel of the thing revived her.		
He was assuring and bland, but his hurry to convince Madeline betrayed him..She felt the pound of his heart; her own seemed to have frozen..When he had learned all Florence and Madeline would tell him he expressed a desire to have the cowboys attend; and then he went on to talk about California, where he was going take Florence on a short trip.		
Now, Nels, cut the gurl loose,” ordered Monty..These flying bands, operating under the excitement of the revolution, appeared here and there, everywhere, in remote places, and were gone as quickly as they came..It was only a matter of a few moments for her to close and bar the heavy shutters, yet even as she was fastening the last one in the room she used as an office a clattering roar of hoofs seemed to swell up to the front of the house.		
Cool down, son; it'll all come right.” Suddenly Madeline was transfixed by a terrible sound..Madeline had to believe that a hard and perilous life in a barren and wild country developed great principles in men..Madeline caught herself in time.		
He lost his spirit..He's notorious fer shirkin' his share of the grub deal..She sent Nels, mounted upon his own horse, and leading Majesty, to Rodeo in search of Stewart.		
Get back from in front.” Oh, that was one of them durned crazy words Monty is always hollerin'..Whatever that something was, it dispelled Stewart's impatience..Perhaps it was the last thing needed to transform these men, doing unaccustomed duty as escorts of beautiful women, to their natural state as men of the wild.		
It was perhaps fortunate for her, she thought, that the climb up the slope cut the black's speed so she could manage him..He's a man, Miss Majesty, a wonderful man..Stewart, however, immediately slipped out of her mind as she surveyed the group of cowboys on the links.		
It was the dark hour before dawn..I charge you as an officer to confiscate these goods and to arrest the smugglerDon Carlos.” These words of Stewart's precipitated a riot among Don Carlos and his followers, and they surged wildly around the sheriff..Madeline did not recognize Stewart.		
She was haunted by Monty Price's terrible smile..If I did I'dI'd” Her eyes expressed the direful punishment she could not speak..The halls were dark, the rooms huge, empty, and musty; and there was an air of silence and secrecy and mystery about them most fitting to the character Florence had bestowed upon the place.		
She saw no one..Wild!.The men, moreover, were just as hungry and as wild and beggarly.		
Through the troops along the border!.They got so they couldn't kill a coyote, a crippled calf in a mudhole..But when she came!		
Madeline heard Boyd Harvey ask Stewart if lawlessness such as he had mentioned was not unusual..The horse neared the corrals, disappeared into a lane, and then, breaking his gait again, thundered into the inclosure and pounded to a halt some twenty yards from where Stillwell waited for him..This surprised her, but not nearly so much as the fact that after a few weeks she found she scarcely remembered the adventures at all.		
He's been hurt, I reckon..Madeline could tell that, though she did not know what was said..Take a look at the last doggone weight you ever packed!		
Just how it all happened seemed to be beyond Christine..Madeline thought she had never seen such a cleareyed, healthy, splendid girl..The ground appeared to be flat, but the road went up and down over little ridges.		
A red glow faded in the west..Now here, I'm supposed to be consulting an officer of the law..She's told me how she was dragged down here, how Gene tried to save her, how you spoke up for Gene an' her, too, how Monty at the last throwed his guns.		
Now, if you really will see him, Miss Hammond, it's a good chance..But the fire ketched Monty at the last..Wal, that's a plumb good idee.		
He had left his guns there..The only trouble would becould anybody stop looking at the scenery long enough to hit a ball?.You holler law, an' my way is the ole law.” His breath came quicker, his voice grew hoarser, and he crouched lower.		
Florence, for long you have promised to tell us the story of the lost mine of the padres..Stewart's dark eyes searched the slopes high up along the craggy escarpments..Ah, there's a horse climbing the hill!		
I'll sure tell you what Gene Stewart will do,” said Florence..I come down that day Gene sent his horse Majesty to you..'Gene,' he says, 'what the hell struck you?'		
Miss Majesty, it'll be some oninterestin' ride all mawnin'..Bent and stiffthat means every muscle is like a rawhide riata..Is that necessary?		
But before he died he went to the old Indians who had burned the maiden, and he begged them, when he was dead, to burn his body and to cast his ashes to the wind from that wonderful slope, where they would blow away to mingle forever with those of his Indian sweetheart..Sneed dropped the manacles..He had been so bitterly hurt that no one, not even Madeline, could get out of him what had happened.		
One evening at twilight, as Madeline was leaving her tent, she encountered Monty..I hate to preach this way..The subtle consciousness of change in her was the birth of that faith she had revered in Stillwell.		
Them critters?.He groaned, and, staggering up to the broken wall, he leaned there with his face hidden..There's almost no ketchin' them, an' they regrowin' all the time We ain't had no luck this spring.		
These trees grew up, down, and out, and twisted in curves, and many were two feet in thickness..You'd never think so till you go down..He was in shirt sleeves, sweating freely, and wore a frown I had never seen before.		
Then the dim purple of its color told of its great distance from me; and then its familiar shape told I had come into my own againI had found my old friend once more..The order of the day was leisurely to get in readiness, and pack for our journey to the Siwash on the morrow.."How's this?		
More than a hundred little reddishblack calves leisurely loped in the rear..The canyon apparently closed in on us, so camp was made for the night..No man knows it, an' the cougars do.		
"I want to get in the snow," returned Jones.."This is no mean discovery, let me tell you that," he declared..We all proposed names: Montezuma's Amphitheater being the only rival of Jones's selection, Echo cave, which we finally chose.		
I cried, trying to hide my unholy glee..Sometimes we were all sliding at once, like boys on a pond, with the difference that we were in danger..The bunch in corral we got last year."		
If I rope him, I can use that tree.".Supper that night, even if we did grind sand with our teeth, was a joyous occasion..Shoonover said Schmitt commenced to sweat.		
Jones appeared particularly happy, and his first move, after dismounting, was to stretch out the lion skin and measure it..I found it came from a thick layer of straw under my bed, and had been tied to the end of a flatly coiled lasso..Tige and the pup went down with me an' treed a cougar.		
His hoarse, deep voice rang defiance to the foe..He stood immovable while they perpetrated the outrage, then calmly wiped his cheeks, and in his strange, cool voice, addressed the interpreter.."Comanches?"		
Of course I got hold of this, spread a generous portion on my hot biscuit, placed some redhot beans on that, and began to eat like a hungry hunter..demanded Jones..Yes, they did, an' I set under a pinyon holdin' the pup, while Tige kept the cougar treed.		
All day they rustle softly; all night they swirled, sweeping, seeping brushing against the cabin..The genial foreman loved a joke..The Indians call the buffalo leader the 'Weetah,' the master of the herd.		
A blinding white flutter of grey flakes, as large as feathers!.There may have been two lions..An' when they light on me, I never move, nor even breathe fer about five minutes.		
Warm patches of sunlight, like gold, brightened the ground; dark patches of sky, like ocean blue, gleamed between the treetops..And Jimslow, careful Jim, dropped a plate with the exclamation: "Shore it do beat hell!".Sounder appeared and came to him, evidently having given up the chase.		
A rude cabin of roughhewn logs stood near the spring..I wore my left glove to tatters and threw it away to put the right one on my left hand..I observed then that the lizard had his jewel eyes upon the bee; he slipped to the edge of the stone, flicked out a long, red tongue, and tore the insect from its honeyed perch.		
We'll each take a dog and search in different directions.."Just as the hounds jumped the cougarOh!.Taking his cue, I did likewise.		
The mother had fallen beside him..Outworn nature rebelled, and both hunters slept..It proved to be the forest of "Little sticks," where, with grateful assurance of fire and of soon finding their old trail, they made camp.		
I dodged the jutting rocks and projecting snags; felt stinging branches in my face and the rush of sweet, dry wind..Loosing the lion, he held his hounds back a moment, then let them go..I shifted from side to side, from leg to leg in my saddle, dismounted and hobbled before Satan, mounted again, and rode on.		
I devoured four chops, and could not have been counted in the running..All of the party worked on the cougar skin that afternoon..Only be sure to hev them get ahead of the White Mustang, so he'll hev only one way to cum, fer he sure is knowin'.		
Do you hear thet rumble?.When I got my saddle off Satan, had given him a drink and hobbled him, I crept into the cabin and dropped like a log..All the way up we had played the boy's game of spying for sights, with the honors about even.		
How impossible to understand!".Satan knew it as well as I, for he quickened his pace and sent the stones clattering behind him.."The sun has been oozin' round here some.		
Give your horse free rein, and cover your face."."I think that cougar just came up over the rim on a scouting hunt, and I'm going to go down to the head of the trail and stay there till morning..When he reached us, he fell flat, and lay breathing heavily for a while.		
I knew the outlook was magnificent and sublime beyond words, but as yet I had not begun to understand it..After mentally debating a moment, I decided, as it was a very harmless joke, to help Frank into the fulfillment of his enjoyment..The spectacle was too elusive and too great.		
Lawson rode in near sundown with the carcasses of two beasts of some species hanging over his saddle..A nipping wind came down out of the frigid north and crusted the snows..The location we selected for camp was a large glade, fifty paces or more from the precipice far enough, the cowboys averred, to keep our traps from being sucked down by some of the whirlpool winds, native to the spot.		
At the hunter's stern call, the Indian leaped ashore, and started to run..On awakening in the morning I found frost half an inch thick covered my sleepingbag, whitened the ground, and made the beautiful silver spruce trees silver in hue as well as in name..He did not understand the significance of the cry, unless it meant hunger, or the wailing mourn of a lioness for her murdered cubs.		
A big rattler jumped at me one day, and I've never recovered from the shock.".The dogsexcepting Jude, who had been kicked and lamedwere ranging along before their master..Lank, gray wolves appeared on all sides; they prowled about with hungry howls, and shoved blacktipped noses through the grass.		
"There's four feet of snow on Greenland," said Frank..Thar's where the cougars stay..The next day they were begging at the cabin door.		
Old Baldy was cute..This figure, I recollected, had been presented to my sight more than once, and now it stopped me..Jones forged ahead and reached the top of the ravine first.		
"Now I placed our horses there for two reasons..Jones was already riding far beyond the corral, as I could see by a cloud of dust; and I set off after him, with the painful consciousness that I must have looked to Frank and Jim much as Central Park equestrians had often looked to me..On the outer edge of that circle moved the white, restless, gliding forms.		
In fact, Moze bumped his blunt nose into the rabbit..It did not take me long to relate the incident of the Mexican..When the noise stopped and I looked again, the bear was a sight not to be forgotten.		
Let her burn..So, with this in mind, I entered a general merchandise store..Bang!		
He warned Greaser and Herky to keep close watch over Dick and me..But there weren't any bears up them.” You must keep out of his way if he comes down on you..The sleepy porter was mopping the floor.		
Thet'll be some work goin' down that!” called Hiram..If the men were hired by Buell I wanted to know what they were quarrelling about..The sun had gone down behind the mountain, and the shadows were gathering when I came to another large canyon.		
To me it did not appear much more serious than before..It all brought into my mind a picture I had seen of the end of the world..Momentarily we stood irresolute.		
Then I saw Bill and Herky running up the gorge, and, farther down, Bud staggering and lurching..Buell's gaze followed Bud's, and his face grew curious, intent, then fixed in a cunning, bold smile of satisfaction..I'd enjoy seeing Greaser swing.		
This mountaintorrent was about twenty feet wide, but its swiftness and foam made it impossible to tell its depth..As I trudged along behind him I spoke of Dick Leslie, and asked if there were not some way to get him out of the clutches of the lumber thieves..Every stone and log, every bit of hard ground in my path, served to help hide my trail.		
Them were life and movement in it, and something terribly sinister..Must we hang up here to be shot at?.The fire seemed to make and drive the wind.		
Passing down into a little hollow I lost it again..Sure, kid, thet hole's full of troutspeckled trout,” said HerkyJerky..I heard hoarse shouts and saw dark forms rising as if out of the earth.		
It was hard enough for me to carry my rifle and keep up with the hunter without talking..Greaser came limping back into the cabin, and found a seat without any one speaking..Jerking the knife from the log, I severed the ropes round my ankles and leaped up.		
Smoke and dust and ashes blew by with the wind..I ain't acquainted with Leslie, or any of them fellers you named except Jim Williams..The run back was very swift.		
Dick had certainly landed hard on Bill..Git some water, Herky..Presently Dick breathed heavily and Hiram snored.		
As I went cautiously on I felt a tightening at my throat..It was next to a certainty that he had seen the lumbermen, and for reasons best known to himself had not returned to the cabin..Though I had only aimed at him generally, I took a good deal of pride in my first shot at a deer.		
There, looking down, he saw an enemy below him, and hesitated..And I kept saying, I'm lost!.Instantly I conceived the idea of cutting my bonds with this knife.		
Dick led me outside, where we were soon joined by Jim..Stockton detailed the Mexican to keep guard over us..drip!		
We rode briskly down the broad brown aisles, across the sunny glades, under the murmuring pines..My mind worked fast..First the pack fell over the offside; next, on top of me; then the saddle slipped awry, and when I did get the pack to remain stationary upon the patient pony, how on earth to tie it there became more and more of a mystery.		
A belt carried a huge knife and a number of shells of large caliber; the Winchester he had was exceedingly long and heavy, and of an old pattern..That's why I'm givin' you advice..I lay there aquiver, eyes upon the gray window space of my room.		
Dick's eyes glinted from his pale face..We did not climb the foothill by the trail which the Mexican had used, but took a long, slow ascent far round to the left..We were getting down into Penetier.		
Many men on this job?” I asked..Dick flashed me a significant look, which was as much as to say that Jim was growing suspicious..Formerly the lumbermen bought so much land and cut over itskinned it.		
I felt the skin tighten on my face..But I did not mean to stay..He's well broke,” said Cless.		
We'll encourage him..One bounded leisurely up the slope; the other, with long ears erect, stopped to look at me..I backed down the slope, crossed the trail, and came up on the other side.		
But evidently they thought Buell seemed on the verge of losing control of himself..I doubt if the Westerners will take to forestry..For the moment my animosity toward the Mexican vanished, and with it the old hunger to be in the thick of Wild Western life.		
I knew him by his bowlegs..Soon we were climbing again, and I saw that Hiram meant to head the canyon where I had left Dick..With rifle ready I cautiously approached the bear.		
Now that I was caught he did not appear at all mean or harsh..I knowed Jim..I thought you were going to hop on the first train for home.” Dick, you had another think coming.		
Dick, something will be doing round Holston before many days.” That's no joke, you can bet,” replied Dick, wiping his face..Stepping softly along, I glanced about me with sharp eyes..The diningroom was more attractive than anything I had yet seen about the place: the linen was clean, and the ham and eggs and coffee that were being served to several rugged men gave forth a savory odor.		
If he had not slipped out of the room he had hidden under the brush of the fallen loft or in a pile of blankets..The morning air was cool, and dry as toast; the smell of pitchpine choked my nostrils..Often as I had made camp back in the woods of Pennsylvania, the doing of it now was new.		
Next I broke open a box of cartridges and loaded the Winchester..I could not sit quietly waiting any longer..This tree?		
One more wriggle brought me close to Dick, with my face near his hands, which were bound behind him..The lumberman gave a smothered groan, then clattered down the ladder and rolled on the floor..Splash!		
