"Like smoke in a wind they fled at the last But he in a pass of the hills stood fast, And down at his feet his bow he cast..All the busy streets are bright..As Spring can spare the snows   I well could spare it!		
Farewell!".THE POTATO HARVEST..Fret not that thou must doubt, but rid Thy skypath of obstructions strewed   By winds of folly.		
And now he came upon a slope of sward Against the pool..While worldlings chase each other madly round   Their giddy track of frivolous gayety, Dreamer, my dream earth's utmost longings bound:   One love alone is mine, my love is Liberty..A brown sadcolored hillside, where the soil,   Fresh from the frequent harrow, deep and fine,   Lies bare; no break in the remote skyline, Save where a flock of pigeons streams aloft, Startled from feed in some lowlying croft,   Or faroff spires with yellow of sunset shine;   And here the Sower, unwittingly divine, Exerts the silent forethought of his toil.		
And when the beasts could see his form no more, They still could hear him, singing as he sailed, And still they listened, hanging down their heads In long row, where the thin wave washed and fled..Now at this season the reels are empty and idle; I see them Over the lines of the dikes, over the gossiping grass..But large increase of knowledge in these days Is come about us, fraught with ill for them Whose creeds are cut too straight to hold new growth, Whose faiths are clamped against access of wisdom; Fraught with some sadness, too, for those just souls Who, clothed in rigid teachings found too scant, Are fain to piece the dear accustomed garb, Till here a liberal, there a literal fragment, Here new, there old, here bright, there dark, disclose Their vestiture a strange discordant motley.		
Ah, poor thy gift indeed, unless Thou bring the old childheartedness, And such a gift to bring is given, Alas, to no wind under heaven!.For love of his clear pipe We've flushed the zigzag snipe, Have chased in wilful mood The woodduck's flapping brood, Have spied the antlered moose Cropping the young green spruce, And watched him till betrayed By the kingfisher's sharp tirade..For love that counts the cost I have small need.		
ON THE CREEK..Dear Heart, between us can be no farewell..We feel our day slip by,   And cling to it in vain.		
O'er all the unstable vague expanse   I towered the lord supreme, and smiled; And marked the hard, white sparkles glance,   The dark vault wide and wild..Under this gloom which yet obscures the land, From iceblue strait and stern Laurentian range   To where giant peaks our western bounds command, A deep voice stirs, vibrating in men's ears   As if their own hearts throbbed that thunder forth, A sound wherein who hearkens wisely hears   The voice of the desire of this strong North,         This North whose heart of fire         Yet knows not its desire   Clearly, but dreams, and murmurs in the dream..What were success   Didst thou not share it?		
You will hear the merry town, And a weight will press you down..And thou, dost thou too feel this strange divorce   Of will from power?.And now upon the homeless pack And paling stream arose a noiseless wind Out of the yellow west awhile, and stirred The branches down the valley; then blew off To eastward toward the long gray straits, and died Into the dark, beyond the utmost verge.		
Why will ye go so soon, In these soft hours, this sweeter month than June?.Creation, which He covers, Him contains, Even to the least upgroping atom..Hark now!"		
A note of waves and rushing tides, Where past the dikes the red flood glides, To brim the shining channels far Up the green plains of Tantramar..I let it fall to cover me, or coiled Its soft thick coils about my throat and arms; Its color like nipt beechleaves, tawny brown, But in the sun a fountain of live gold..Let me in!		
IN THE AFTERNOON..Faithful was he, aye, I ween,   Pitiful, and kind, and wise; But in mindful moods I've seen   Flame enough in those sunk eyes!.With startled cry the maids Shrank clamoring round their mistress, or made flight To covert in the hazel thickets.		
I cowered back in my straitened place   And groped with dim surmise, Not knowing yet..Hands of chance and change have marred, or moulded, or broken, Busy with spirit or flesh, all I most have adored; Even the bosom of Earth is strewn with heavier shadows, Only in these green hills, aslant to the sea, no change!.All the works And words and ways of men and beasts became Evil, and all their thoughts continually Were but of evil.		
Tender as sleep, its shadowy palms distil Weird vapors that ensnare our eyes with light..Sleep, and dream, and be awhile   Happy, Cuthbert, once again!.Not all battle is life, But a little respite and peace May fold us round as a fleece Softwoven for all men's wear.		
It is only a plunge, a quick roll Of our skiffI will gather and fold You close, for the waters are cold, A few sobs, and we rise one soul, Undissevered for ever and ever..Thick strewn with drift of leaves..But when the sound of singing died, and when They lifted up their voices in their grief, Lo!		
Cease your praying for a minute!.Thy fate thou hast forgot   One moment; the dull pain hath left those eyes     Whose yearning pierces time, and space, and tears..On the bare hillsummit waves   Still the lonely poplartree.		
Sage of princes, bane of Ilion's lofty walls!.Gray lay the still sea;   Naked hillside and lea;   And gray with night frost   The wide garden I crossed!."His breath was a storm and a flame; his feet In the mountains thundered, fierce and fleet, Till men's hearts were as milk, and ceased to beat.		
I dread not wrath or wrong,   Smile, and am free; Strong while the winds are strong,   The rocks, the sea..Idly took we thought, for still our eyes betray us..When first did I perceive you, when take heed   Of what is now so deep in heart and brain That tears shall not efface it, nor the greed   Of time or fate destroy, nor scorn, nor pain?		
Don't you know   I'm a little nervous, Brother?.But there comes an hour Of fitness perfect and unfettered mood,   When splits her husk the finer sense with power,              Andyon their palmtrees tower!.Farewell!		
Afraid, where no fear was.."He smote with his open hand; and lo!.Warm in that restingplace!		
Then to the west appeared a long red trail Over the wave; and Clote Scarp sailed and sang Till the canoe grew little like a bird, And black, and vanished in the shining trail..What's that, Brother?.Wind of this summer afternoon, Thou hast recalled my childhood's June; My heartstill is it satisfied By all the golden summertide?		
Midmost a close green covert of brake   A brown bird listening silently Sat; and I thought"She grieves for the sake   Of Itylus,for the stains that lie   In her heritage of sad memory.".Omar's deep doubts still found them nigh and nigher,   And learned them fashioned to the heart's desire..Here is the lap of life,   Here are the lips of peace.		
Subtle though it be,   Yet sweetly sure that word;   E'en such my heart hath heard (Over life's frosty lea) Of Immortality..TO THE MEMORY OF SIDNEY LANIER..Many folk are out tonight.		
"Rise after rise bow the phantoms behind me"Whitman Not yet, for all their quest of it, have men Cast wholly by the ignoble dread of truth!.Heart of my heart, tho' life   Front us with storm, Love will outlast the strife,   More pure, more warm..Where the blue lakewater raves,   Still the plover pipe and flee.		
For Time Forgets his cunning and assails in vain   Her whose name rings along the poet's rhyme..No more, then, need we try   The rapture to regain..Here are tears upon his cheek,   And he sleeps that should be praying; Sleeps, and dreams, and murmurs.		
"He rose, and took his bow from the wall, And listened; he heard his people's call Pierce up from the villages one and all..Far up the creek his calls   And lessening laugh retreat; Again the silence falls,   And soft the green hours fleet..Again that faint wind swept my face   With hideous menace swept my eyes.		
The spell of night and wind,   Baffling desire and dream, dost thou too find?.But, Dear, keep thou in mind   These moments swift and sweet!.He, amazed, Stood with his head thrust forward, while his curls Sunlit lay glorious on his mighty neck, Let fall his bow and clanging spear, and gazed Dilate with ecstasy; nor marked the dogs Hush their deep tongues, draw close, and ring him round, And fix upon him strange, red, hungry eyes, And crouch to spring.		
RECKONING..Ah the oldtime stir, how once it stung me with rapture, Oldtime sweetness, the winds freighted with honey and salt!.L'ENVOI.		
I will refrain, and break my dreams, afraid   To stir the yearning I can not fulfil..Yon sunbeam thick with motes   Athro' the leafage slips, To light the iris wings   Of dragonflies alit On lilyleaves, and things   Of gauze that float and flit..He made up his mind to have a go at it.		
But that it should actually happen to him!."Why, weren't they afraid of her?".Then she turned and scurried back.		
But now she was vigilant even when she seemed asleep, and anything the least bit out of the ordinary was enough to make her take alarm..This time he got a good grip, and he could feel something give.."Gee!"		
"Whatever has been putting swordfish into your head?".But most likely he had never seen a small boy before, and he did not know what kind of an animal it was..You see, he was so grumpy.		
"I'm so glad he got off," he murmured.."Here it was that the baby showed herself of the dominant breed..All she saw was a tall, dark, ungainly looking, longlegged creature, half as tall again as her mother had been, with no horns, a long clumsy head, thick overhanging nose, and big splay hooves.		
So the mother knew that she and her baby were not alone in these wide bright spaces of sea and sky..said Uncle Andy sarcastically..And he certainly does manage to get a lot of fun out of life, taking it all in all, except when the owl comes gliding around his roosting places in the black nights, or an extra bitter midwinter frost catches him after a rainy thaw."		
He had a soft spot in his heart for owls, because they were so downy, and had such round faces and such round eyes, and looked as if they thought of such wonderful, mysterious things which they would never tell..Flying over the owl's head, they kept screaming at the top of their voices something which probably meant 'an owl!.The seventh and eighth were absorbed in bitter doubts of Uncle Andy.		
But she was also afraid to go away..He raced in and snatched the queer thing up, gently enough, in his teeth..demanded Uncle Andy suspiciously.		
"'Won't go wivout my Teddy Bear,' she announced with tearful decision..He dropped from the scarecrow's trouser leg and scurried off to his hole beneath the toolhouse..The youngsters were getting so big by now that their parents began to lose all interest in them.		
The sound was something between the bleat of an extraordinary, harshvoiced kid and the scream of a badly frightened mirganser, but more penetrating and more strident than either.."Is it big?".In two seconds he was back at Uncle Andy's side, where the latter sat smoking on his favorite log by the water.		
Whimpering and pawing at his face, he crunched a great mouthful of the comb, bees and all..But it wasn't)..Neither the white dog, nor the Boy, nor the oneeyed gander was anywhere in sight.		
murmured the Child enviously..But they did not go very far that day, or have any more very exciting adventures..At last the raft, catching in the trees of a submerged islet, came softly to a stop, so softly as not to awaken the little pair of sleepers.		
She knew that grim shape all too well, and it was darting straight at her baby, its terrible sword standing out keen and straight from its pointed snout.."She was too frightened to save her strength, of course, and so kept flapping with all her might, as if she thought to fly away with scarecrow and all..Then it bounded into the bushes on a short circle, saving itself unnecessary effort, as if it had accurately estimated the tactics of its panicstricken quarry.		
She would huddle up beneath her mother's belly or crowd down among the rest of the herd for warmth, but long before Christmas she had become a mere bag of bones."."At the sight of it, as they came upon it suddenly around a bend of the stream, their fur bristled and they crouched flat, glancing angrily this way and that..And he went scurrying across the yard to see about it.		
"But the Boy did not run away.."This led him into the farmyard..He fell back with a terrific splash, which set the monster rolling, and, for perhaps a minute, his struggles lashed the sea into foam.		
His mother, however, lay with her mouth half open, a vast cavern of a mouth, nearly a third the length of her bodyand it looked all whalebone..You must learn to discriminate.".said he.		
said he..The tree looked so much more interesting than her bare raft, on which she had been voyaging for over an hour, and of which she was now heartily tired..And in a minute more they were both hard at it, having the time of their liveshawks, foxes, minks, and vanished parents alike forgotten."		
Then he applied fresh earth to both the Babe's stings and his own..He hated the whole tribe with bitter hatred; but at the same time his caution was unsleeping..But happily the Boy and the white dog came running up in the nick of time.		
It's stung me!".The calf, however, looking very small and neat and bright in her clean coat of fawn color beside the gaunt, awkward moose babies, was not in the least afraid of the disagreeable strangers.."Prairie Dog Village was of considerable size, covering as it did perhaps a dozen acres of the dry, light prairie soil.		
For she had got her grip so high up on the mink's neck that he could not twist his head around far enough to catch her by the throat..The Boy, his face a mixture of amusement and concern, picked up the captive without noticing her feeble pecks, undid the noose from her leg, and carried her over the hedge to rest and recover herself..She had certainly been very amusing, but the Child drew a breath of relief when she was gone.		
"For one astounded moment she settled back onto the scarecrow's head, frightened into stillness..The bear, with the influence of her comforting warmth still strong upon him, yielded.."The Little Villager, who had just come out of his burrow, sat straight up on his hindquarters, on the top of his hillock, with his forepaws hanging meekly over his breast, and glared all about him to see if any danger was in sight.		
The magic of the hour took it, and transmuted it, and made it a note in the chord of the great stillness.."It was about the end of the blueberry season when Teddy Bear lost his big, rustycoated mother and small, glossy black sister, and found himself completely alone in the world..And he lives only in the salt water, fortunately.		
Before she came to live on the Anderson Farm she used to have a burrow over on the other side of the Ridge, where the people went in for a good deal of trapping and snaring.."In fact, it was the hardest to climb..He knew that the Babe would trudge on till he dropped in his tracks before acknowledging that he was tired.		
It was terrible..he asked politely..answered Uncle Andy.		
He hated to answer any of the Child's most innocent questions directly if he could get at them in a roundabout way..Baby as she was, she was game..In a couple of minutes he was busy licking himself all over to make sure he was undamaged.		
So he came along through the bushes at a run, taking no precautions whatever.."It was a long way off from Silverwater," began Uncle Andy in a faraway voice, and with a faraway look in his eyes, "that the whale calf was born..And it's no more than right.		
The sea, in great spots and patches, is full of tiny creatures, sometimes jellyfish, sometimes little squid of various kinds, all traveling in countless hosts from somewhereorother to somewhere else, they know not why..But there was Teddy Bear, now, a cub over the foothills of Sugar Loaf Mountain, and he was not a fool..At last she sprang once more into the air, determined to have nothing more to do with the treacherous scarecrow who had stuck that thing on her leg.		
returned Uncle Andy quite shortly, with his customary objection to being interrupted..CHAPTER XIII THE LITTLE SLY ONE From away up near the top of the rocky hill that rose abruptly across the inlet came a terrible screech, piercing and startling..Bill the Guide would go off to the lumber camps beyond the Ottanoonsis, and Silverwater would be left to the snow and the solitude of winter.		
So they spent most of their time outside on the hillock, gossiping about it to their neighbors, who were extremely interested and full of suggestions, but showed no inclination whatever to come and help turn the intruders out..*       *       *       *       *     They know no light, nor any star,     Those ruined plains of Tantramar..There they died to a man, but not till they had slain so many of the savages that the invading force was shattered and compelled to withdraw.]		
High through the drenched and hollow night their wings       Beat northward hard on winter’s trail..THE FORTRESS     While raves the midnight storm,     And roars the rain upon the windy roof,     Heart held to heart and all the world aloof,     We laugh secure and warm..The time is the time of vision;       The hour is the hour of calm;     Hark!		
From the high gray tower       The great bell sobs in its brazen throat..Naked of flock and fold the fallows lie,     Thin streaked with meagre drift..THE FLIGHT OF THE GEESE     I hear the low wind wash the softening snow,       The low tide loiter down the shore.		
Only in this high pasture is there dearth,       Where the gray thistles crowd in ranks austere,       As if the sod, closecropt for many a year,     Brought only bane and bitterness to birth..Is it no more than lover’s pain         That makes thy heart so wild?.But at the marsh’s inmost edge,     Where a tall fringe of flag and sedge     Catches a climbing hawthorn hedge,         A lonely hulk is seen.		
Through the hush benign     One whitethroat voices, till the stars appear,       The benediction of the Thought Divine..The dyke!.Then I hitched the mare in the pung an’ soon was bowlin’ along     Down by the crick to Nance’s while the moon was white an’ high.		
St. Lawrence, whose wide water laves     The shores that ne’er have nourished slaves!.What profit now to know if just the doom,       Though harsh!.I     Grows the great deed, though none     Shout to behold it done!		
Now beat the yelling butchers down..The winewarm dusks, that brim the valley, gleam       With here and there a lonely casement..So many visions, so entranced a slumber,       Such dreams possess the noonday’s luminous sphere,       That earth, content with knowing Heaven so near,     Hath done with aspiration and desire.		
The squaws steered themselves and their captors over the Falls.].II     Comes night to the quiet hills     Where the Madawaska spills,     To his slumbering huts no warning,     Nor mirth of another morning!.All this you knew and loved with me;       All this in our delight had part;     And nowthough us earth sees no more       As comrades, heart to heart     This kindly strength of open fields,       This faith of eve, this calm of air,     They lift my spirit close to you       In memory and prayer.		
 One moment in that surging hell     The old wharf shook, then cringed and fell..Across the tide a sail       That tosses, and is gone     And in my heart the kiss       That longing dreams upon..We started off with racingteams and moonlight on the snow;         Oh, the frost is on the forest, and the snow piles high!     And soon again the winter world was voiceless as of old,     Alone with all the wheeling stars, and the great white cold.		
Down the dusk hillside       Lumbers the wain; and day fades out like smoke..She does not heed the storm..O’er the loud world sweep       The scourge and the rod;     But in deep beyond deep       Is the stillness of God;     At the Fountains of Life     No cry, no strife.		
Sombre, impenetrable, round its rim       The firtrees bend and brood..The great flood lifts..Into the happy harbour hastening, gay       With press of snowy canvas, tall ships throng.		
III     Where the shoaling waters froth,     Churned thick like devils’ broth,     Where the rocky sharkjaw waits,     Never a bark that grates..Come, boys, and bring a load!’     ’Twas a new idee in them parts, an’ Bill Simmons made ’n oration     About ‘High Church innovation,’ an’ ‘adriftin’ back to Rome,’     But I backed the parson’s rights to have Church o’ moonlight nights;     An’ I thought of Nance’s cute red lips, an’ pinted straight fur home..The harvest light is on the hills anew,     And cheer in the grave acres’ fruitful girth.		
This is that ancient cape of tears and storm,       Whose towering front inviolable frowns     O’er vales Evangeline and love keep warm       Whose fame thy song, O tender singer, crowns..Set hand to hand, lay brand to brand,       But we shall not return..It was easier goin’ now, an’ Nance woke up all rosy.		
The thick dark hems me, even to the restless brain..And all noon long the sun, with chemic ray,       Seals up each cordial essence in its cell,     That in the dusky stalls, some winter’s day,       The spirit of June, here prisoned by his spell,       May cheer the herds with pasture memories..The crying knives glide on; the green swath lies.		
They stopped the breach; they healed the scar..MIDWINTER THAW     How shrink the snows upon this upland field,       Under the dovegrey dome of brooding noon!.The plains lie dim below.		
MARSYAS     A little grey hillglade, closeturfed, withdrawn     Beyond resort or heed of trafficking feet,     Ringed round with slim trunks of the mountain ash..They go where follow our smiles and tears,       The gold of youth and the gray of age,     Where falls the storm and falls the stillness,       The laughter of spring and winter’s rage..Faints in the sudden blare     The cry of their swift despair,     And the captives’ deathchant shrills ...		
Oh, merry swing the axes, and the bright chips fly!     The dishes on the dressershelves were shining blue and white,     And o’er the loaded table the lamps beamed bright..Tonight athwart an inky sky     A narrowing sun dropped angrily,     Scoring the gloom with dreadful dye,         A bitter and flaming scar..Black on the ridge, against that lonely flush,       A cart, and stoopnecked oxen; ranged beside       Some barrels; and the dayworn harvestfolk,     Here emptying their baskets, jar the hush       With hollow thunders.		
These common fields appear     The consecrated home of hopes past number..And we washed them down with tides of tea and oceans of spruce beer..THE MOWING     This is the voice of high midsummer’s heat.		
Oh, merry swing the axes, and the bright chips fly!     The hard wood and the soft wood, we felled them for our use;     And chiefly, for its scented gum, we loved the scaly spruce;         Oh, the frost is on the forest, and the snow piles high!     And here and there, with solemn roar, some hoary tree came down,     And we heard the rolling of the years in the thunder of its crown..And when our last has fallen in blood       Between these waters black,     Their tribe shall no more lust for war,       For we shall not turn back..She didn’t keep me waitin’, fur church was at halfpas’ seven;     An’ my idee of Heaven, as I tucked her into the furs,     Was aridin’ with Nance at night when the moon was high an’ white,     An’ the deep sky all asparkle like them laughin’ eyes of hers.		
O zithernwinged musician, whence it came,       I wonder, this insistent song of thine!.And at her spinningwheel within     The mother’s hands forget to spin..The spell of night and wind,       Baffling desire and dream, dost thou too find?		
’Twas a tallish tramp, I tell you, aleadin’ that flounderin’ mare     Thro’ snow drifts anywheres from four to six foot deep..It seems the spirit of a flower,     This offspring of the Autumn hour,     Wandering back to earth to bring     Some kindly afterthought of Spring..The snow hung down the woodpiles all scallopedlike an’ curled.		
I see thy cool green plains afar..THE OATTHRESHING     A little brown old homestead, bowered in trees       That o’er the Autumn landscape shine afar,       Burning with amber and with cinnabar..Annapolis, do thy floods yet feel     Faint memories of Champlain’s keel,       Thy pulses yet the deed repeat     Of Poutrincourt and d’Iberville?		
But ’twas grand to hear Nance sing ‘Glory to the newborn King,’     Tho’ the way the choir folks stared at us, it made me kind of narvous..The night       Full filled with April forecast, hath no light..IV     The clear stream glimmers before them;     The faint night falters o’er them;     Lashed lightly bark to bark,     They glide the windless dark.		
Oh, merry swing the axes, and the bright chips fly!     So still the air and chill the air the branches seemed asleep,     But we broke their ancient visions as the axe bit deep..And, to pilot the noiseless foe     Through the perilous passes, go     Two women who could not die     Whom the knife in the dark passed by..When comes the hour to break this ’prisoning shard,       And reunite with Him that breathed me forth,     Then shall this atom of the Eternal Soul     Encompass thee in its benign control!		
Amid its goldgreen coverts meet     The late dew and the noonday heat;     Around it, to the searim harsh,     The patient levels of the marsh;     And o’er it the pale heavens bent,     Half sufferance and half content..THE SUCCOUR OF GLUSKÂP (A MICMAC LEGEND)     The happy valley laughed with sun,       The corn grew firm in stalk,     The lodges clustered safe where run       The streams of Peniawk..In vain       These aching lips, these hungering hearts that strain     Toward the denied fruition of our bliss,       Had love not learned of longing to devise       Out of desire and dream our paradise.		
An’ I could feel her shoulder, kind of comfortin’ an’ warm,     Nestlin’ agin my arm,sech a sweet an’ cunnin’ shoulder..The brute sea shakes     The sheltering wall..THE VALLEY OF THE WINDING WATER     The valley of the winding water       Wears the same light it wore of old,     Still o’er the purple peaks the portals       Of distance and desire unfold.		
A holy music, heard in vain     By coward heart and sordid brain,       To whom this strenuous being seems     Naught but a greedy race for gain..My eyes are on the greening earth,       The exultant bobolinks wild awing;     And yet, of all this kindly gladness,       My heart beholds not anything..Long rest we soon shall earn.		
TIDES     Through the still dusk how sighs the ebbtide out       Reluctant for the reedbeds!.And when the windless noon grew hot,       And the white sun beat like steel,     In shade about the shimmering pot       They gathered to their meal..It lies forgotten of all tides,     The grass grows round its bleaching sides,     An endless inland peace abides         About its mouldering age.		
