Tommy said, after a while..The tiny orange flame danced merrily, leading him along the wall toward the door he knew was there.."Perturbations in the movements of the other bodies in our own system are marked, and, in the case of the first satellite, have proved disastrous.		
Clyone must do his bidding..Pendant, it was, on a scaly and slimy length of undulating body that coiled high above in the matted growths of the jungle..These in the dome think he is with you now, cloaked in invisibility.		
Tommy's pistol spurted blue flame and he was enveloped by the destroying energy..Ianito was saying, "these Earth men..You must come with me, depending on absolute silence and your cloaks to deceive them.		
Its shock was felt even here in the rockhewn secret apartment.."Yyes.."Of course not.		
"There are but few of us left, oh Earth man," he said then, "and all expect a like fate sooner or later..They knew that Antrid was swinging ever outward from the mother planet..A quick move of jeweled fingers was followed by a crashing report.		
The pale face of Dantor appeared for an instant in the background, through the red haze that was blinding him..*      *      *      *      * It came then, that explosion, and in a way entirely unexpected and horrible to behold..Weak and sick, he turned his head listlessly to gaze at the ornate embossed designs on a wall of gleaming silvery metal.		
I can do nothing.".Leave 'em alone.".Then he sat up on the edge of the low couch on which he had been placed, regarding her anxiously.		
It is of the highest importance, but we must make haste..And those who staggered to their feet were shot down by the greenbronze guards who stood at the doorway.."What's the matter?"		
"Farley!".she repeated..Obviously there was an entrance to this sealedin world.		
This Rulan maiden was a vision of feminine loveliness if there ever was one; a dream..But he remembered Antazzo..They'll get you, the devils."		
Then, with the long range searching rays of the crystal ball television and sound reproducers, they discovered the use of this kmetal..Blaine saw deep concern and sincerity in the fellow's blue eyes.."It can not follow us," the girl explained, "Certain juices of the plants provide an insulator against the ray.		
"The Tritu Anu is empty of life," he said; "a sepulchre..In awed silence they waited..A gas grenade burst at his side and Blaine sprang to his feet, running from the spreading sulphurous cloud.		
"I love this Carson, if you must know..Boy, what a blast!".We've got to do some tall figuring and some swift scrapping before we're through."		
He crouched there, calling huskily to Ulana.."Say!"."Now," the one who had brought them said, "I can explain.		
Blaine Carson was aghast at the revelation.."What hope can there be?".Can you see them at once?"		
"You are a fortunate young man," he drawled sarcastically..Dantor whispered swiftly before following him, "Keep up your courage, Carson..The Earth men are to be freed and Pegrani will conduct them to their quarters.		
"Yes, two!".When he awoke it was to the touch of Ulana's soft fingers on his arm..His head snapped back and his knees gave way beneath him.		
"What can we do to put a stop to the thing?.*      *      *      *      * It was their only chance now..Blaine was tempted to drive a fist into that ugly countenance and fight his way out of the place.		
"I saw a bush, back there about fifty feet, with bunches of big red berries on it..Not with Ulana to fight for..Now it came to him that the dwarf no longer spoke.		
He waved them through with an indulgent gesture..We do that, you know, we Rulans..*      *      *      *      * Blaine fingered Pegrani's ray pistol when the cable lowered them swiftly to the roof of a huge steel cylinder that rose, a solitary and unlovely structure, in the midst of the jungle a thousand miles from Ilendar.		
But Ianito is forgiving.."I am a friend," the Rulan whispered in the Llott tongue, "sent by one who would have conversation with you..Silently, swiftly, they sped on through the gloom under the great copper shell.		
"Okay..But his wary eyes never left Blaine's for an instant..And here's hoping we get somewhere."		
But Tommy raved..Clyone dropped her voice..Her vitals were wrenched and twisted, groaning in protest.		
He faced the grinning hunchbackand was greeted by a breathtaking spurt of the pink gas..Menacing; awful.... And then he stumbled against a metallic wall..He actually smiled after a moment, the devil, a smile, though, of evil triumph.		
"There is nothingnothing, I tell you!".Now they were in a lift, dropping speedily into the depths of the Tritu Anu..If only he could get in one good punch.		
Twice he pressed its release and twice the searing blue flame spurted from the glass tube that was its muzzle.."I know nothing about it, Your Majesty."."Hah!"		
Other guardsthe big greenbronze oneswere running in their direction..Chalkwhite was her face and her lips crimson; amazing eyes, cat's eyes, pupils redflecked and glittering, stared out at him..He pushed his way into the matted growth of the jungle.		
And I shall return shortly to discuss the matter in further detail.".*      *      *      *      * In his mind's eye, Blaine could not visualize such a thing nor picture the possible explanation.."No!"		
Murder was in his heart, and the urge to break this tough guy Fenton with his bare hands..The lanky scientist outlined the further details of his plan in swift whispers while he worked with the energizing capsule of Luke's garment.."Sure your friends'll be there?"		
I discovered that this radioactivity can be used to defeat the purpose of the neutrorays as well or better than the regular insulation, which, of course, we can not obtain..He did not even wince, but swiftly lashed out with a bony fist, raking Luke's cheek with sharp knuckles..What he said was true.		
Kulan fingered the black tube of his neutrobeam and his broad face was chalky white.."One more day in this place and it'll be too late for me.".And the work of reallotting squads went on.		
had already progressed to such a point that it was hardly possible he could recover.."Five days in the sealed cell; ten altogether in the Workshop.".And then Gannett whirled to look over the mess tables, whence a few scattered hisses had arisen.		
This Kulan, a head over him in stature and broad in proportion, was sure in his mind that he could handle the redheaded Earthman without resort to weapons..The runway, he observed, was a strip of yielding metal that glowed faintly with an unnatural greenish light..That all feeling had left his limbs in the deepbiting cold meant nothing; that his lungs were near bursting under the terrific strain meant even less.		
And the chief guard's dart gun twanged as its needlelike missile sped forth and drove into the sick man's breast where it sang its shrill song of vibratory dissolution..But you can carry on the work; go to my friends and tell themeverything..And the longer his thoughts dwelt upon the things Fuller had told him the more suspicious he became.		
There was no way of beating the authorities at this game.."You, Fenton," he snapped, "ten paces forward.".They stood erect and moved freely among the prisoners who sprawled everywhere in grotesque squashed heaps.		
Then a light beam flashed forth from the black tube and Luke sagged down with an astonished oath squeezed grunting from his throat.."Certainly they will; they've been waiting two days.".It was sheer baiting of the big Martian.		
"You ain't figurin' on gettin' out today?".With my hands."."It'll be good for discipline.		
Luke did comprehend, even though the technical explanation was beyond his understanding..The bond between them strengthened..Luke turned his head, but could see nothing of their pursuers.		
Luke stared, horrified..Here was courage of a kind he never had encountered; here a man in whose bright eyes fearlessness and defiance mingled with a cool disdain that brought the first real feeling of inferiority Luke ever had experienced..I'm licked.		
Kulan, the big Martian, selected Luke..He dived head foremost into a rectangular wooden trough that was used for the disposal of the gangue from a crushing mill above..And the cold was unbelievably intense.		
Luke pondered this..We merely pack a quantity of the radioactive salt around the capsules in the lining of our garments, and the radium emanations continue the excitation of the tiny atomic generators even under the influence of the neutralizing vibrations.."Mean to tell me you" "I had a reason to get in here," Fuller broke in mildly.		
Then Luke drove a hard fist to his jawa pulled punch so as not to betray his real strength..In both cases vibratory ether waves are sent out and these are of such frequency and wave form as to neutralize the antigravity energies originating in our capsules..With the radium."		
The liberation of the tiny planet and consequent shifting of the terminator was bringing frigidity to Vulcan's Workshop..But the loud yelling of guards back there in the pit gave evidence that word of the escape was being passed along to Gannett..There was a faint pungent odor in the air of the room, a new smell that widened Luke's nostrils and caught at his throat and lungs.		
They're completely fooled, and we'll be well on our way before they know the truth.".Reeling and stumbling, his leg and back muscles shot through with stabbing pain as the frost worked slowly upward, Luke plodded doggedly ahead.."You'll last another period," he snarled.		
"I'll run him, you mean..His back straightened and Fuller was swung clear of the ground..With legs spread wide and with sweat oozing from every pore, he heaved himself erect, straightening knees and spine and standing there firmly on his two feet.		
Great massed flakes falling endlesslythe moisture of the mist crystallized and closing in on him to hide him even more safely, than had the mists themselves..A strangely grotesque heap was at his feetTom Fuller..They'll send out the alarm and" "Ah, that is where we fool them, Fenton.		
That working period was a highly gratifying one to Luke..They render our suits useless, but those of the guards are provided with insulating coverings which block off the waves and thus permit their own garments to function even when the neutrobroadcast is in operation.".And yet, these smart guys Luke always had detestedthe doctors and surgeons and suchthey might be able to do something for the poor devil.		
Yet there was no cessation of that awful weight when the thing was done..Laughing derisively, he completed his ten paces with leisurely aplomb..And yet he was content to bide his time.		
Fuller's tone was impatient and his words came painfully..In spite of all this, man has persisted in establishing himself in the vapor belt of Vulcan for the sake of wresting from the rocky soil its vast deposits of rare ores, and a great number of mining operations are continually in progress..There was a new and utterly unaccountable huskiness in his voice as he straddled the prone body and locked his strong fingers underneath.		
You can get away yourself, alive..Anyway, he determined, he'd get the scientist to his friends dead or alive, and he'd see to it that they treated him right..In the ominous silence a cracked voice yelped: "Attaboy Fenton!"		
There was much bitterness in the scientist's refusal to dwell on this point..Luke grinned but made no move.."It's a trick.		
The missile, in passing, had carried away the belt and part of the fabric of Tom's garmentcarried away the capsule and the radium that energized it..As agreed, Tom Fuller came out first and Luke held back, dragging his feet and cursing softly to himself..Its periods of rotation and revolution are equal, so that it always presents the same face toward the solar system's great center of heat and lightfor which reason one side is terrifically hot and the other, that facing into outer space, unbearably cold.		
"That's right, you big ape," he grated, "you ain't man enough to fight the way men fight..An occasional shout came from far behind where the guards still searched the rocky plateau..Still he hung back, scarcely moving from where he stood just within the door.		
After three redlit days of grueling labor and three similarly redlit nights of listening to Novak, he reached the grudging conclusion that escape from this place was impossible..Luke stood swaying on those spreadeagled legs and his lungs were near bursting from the exertion in the noxious atmosphere..And he'd try to keep it so.		
Eyeing Luke suspiciously, the senior guard grunted, then moved on along the line..he protested, "No unnecessary killing, Fenton..Tell them what you saw back theretell them" "Shut up!"		
Immediately there was the raucous call of the general alarm siren and a flashing light from the bastion that paled the red mists to a sickly, luminous pink..Mado was entirely at ease, and the Europans would not be bothered by the slight change in their weight..*       *       *       *       * Mado was standing now, endeavoring to communicate with the lad by means of signs and the drawing of crude pictures in the red sand of the cavern floor.		
His pictures of the family life were meticulously drawn..A great tree toppled and crashed across the nose of the Nomad, its roots ripped from the soil by the concussion..A dozen paces away, Ora and Mado sat similarly bound.		
A dusky moonface leered into his own, horribly close, and he yelled his rage as he drove it back with a swift uppercut..Not much!."Imps of the canals!"		
"With their wisdom, they'll finally get the thing under control..Carr shouted.."Oh," she exclaimed, "I'm glad he has recovered.		
Oh, Carr!".They made no attempt to converse in tongues that would convey no meaning, but there was no mistaking the quick friendship that sprang up between the incongruous pair..Besides, they'd be three ablebodied men out there to watch over her, and he'd make sure she didn't get too far away from the ship.		
There was a pulsating motion in it that he could hardly define; it seemed that it massaged his cheeks and raised the short hairs at the nape of his neck and on his forearms as if they were electrified..he exclaimed, in wondering remembrance, trying to sit up as he grasped her hand..Carr moved forward swiftly to face the opening, while Mado stood with his great bulk hiding the now unrecognizable Nazu.		
*       *       *       *       * A deeptoned booming note came then from the hills, commencing like the warning siren of a space liner approaching its berth and swelling to a bombilation of earshattering sound that set the steel of the Nomad's hull vibrating and their very flesh and bones atingle..To Carr it seemed that the diminutive moon winked provocatively as he turned to regard it without the rulden's aid..They watched in amazement as the swift aerial steed flapped its way after the rising ovoids.		
Test samples indicated that the outside air, although thin, was pure..He understood, remembering the black band and the flash they had seen across the cloud layer from afar..But Mado kept firm hold of his torpedo tube, and Carr fingered the ray pistol at his belt.		
Carr supposed that the thing made more or less regular appearances, like a geyser of Earth.."What!."Quickinside!"		
Yet he clung fast to Ora, and, together, they made their way to the control room..He strained desperately at his bonds when he realized the awful significance of their position..Anyway, he was glad the little fellow had gotten away; he hoped he was safely in bedif they had beds in those insulated dwellings.		
He was growing stronger by the minute and now saw that they were in an openmouthed cave and that Mado was sitting hunched dejectedly in a corner, his massive shoulders drooping and his proud head bowed on his chest..The booming note from the hills came then, frightfully near this time, and the three ovoids moved with sudden roaring of their motors, literally hurling themselves skyward..But there was no escaping the fury of that sudden squall; they were in the thick of it in an instant, and the ship was buffeted and tossed about as if it were a toy.		
And there was a different light in his eyes, the light of intelligence and culture..Four hundred!.But he reached for the striped yellow melon atop the heap, and, at a bright nod of approval from Nazu, bit into its smooth skin.		
Now, as they drew near to the enormous planet, it did indeed seem that there was a sinister quality in its shifting luminosity..My people already there with him.."He's telling me his name."		
"A toughlooking kid we've made of you, too.".It was Nazu's ovoid..In a flash it came to him that these particles were magnetic; the Nomad was covered with them and they piled on ever more thickly, soon weighting her down so heavily that she lost altitude.		
And, indeed, this seemed to be the case, for the strange ovoids wafted still lower, dropping until a faint humming of the internal gravity mechanism came to their ears.."Back, back to the Nomad!".*       *       *       *       * "Devils of Terra!"		
She staggered from the stateroom and into his arms, a slim, boyish figure in her snug leather jacket and breeches..The body of Detis was slumped there a ghastly corpse within those gleaming coils..Carr had laughed, somewhat shakily, in relief.		
He wasa little..Somehow, when the vessel landed, he managed to reach the manhole with his precious burden..The viewing port was completely covered over now with particles that arched across from rim to rim, slender rodlike things about two inches long and of the thickness of heavy wire.		
Carr shuddered..They stripped him of his silken garment and smeared him from head to foot, Carr taking especial care to see that his upper body and face were thoroughly covered.."The iron hail!"		
The gravity was even less than on Mars, though slightly greater than that of Europa.."The little devil!".*       *       *       *       * And then he was running toward the crater's edge in bounding strides that carried him twenty feet at a leap.		
Ora had not yet awakened and Carr hoped fervently that she would not do so until they had left the immediate vicinity of Titan..She vibrated from stem to stern under the mighty conflict of energies and they felt themselves pressed hard against the floorplate.."Are you hurt?"		
*       *       *       *       * He gazed out through the cave mouth and calculated their chances.."Not if we make our visit short.."Red men!"		
And the generator coils could be rewound.."He's got it!"."We may be able to get thought contact with them."		
Carr's stomach rebelled when he looked at the food..Again and again Carr struck out, but it was like fighting a horde of squirming and clawing feline creatures that swarmed over him and bore him down by sheer weight of numbers.."There you are, lad," he told the grinning youngster.		
"What is it?".Nose down, and reeling drunkenly, the Nomad was diving to certain disaster on the rocky ground of Titan..Carr dodged none too quickly to save his skull from a swiftflung stone, which clanged against the Nomad's hull.		
Carr braced himself for the impending crash and gathered Ora in his arms..Detis was on his knees, examining a queer specimen of purplish moss which had drawn his eye..Talk with Nazu; teach him words, also very quick.		
Friendly, perhaps.".the Martian exclaimed, grinning delightedly as he cast a swift look at Carr and Ora..Might as well have it over with."		
But Carr was prodded into moving over against a boulder and was surrounded by a semicircle of the dwarfs who squatted calmly to watch him, blowguns in their hands and stone hatchets on the ground within easy reach..OraMado!".Like one of the savages in his small stature and in the large size of his head, he was much lighter in color and his body was encased in a snug onepiece garment of shimmering material of silky texture.		
His head was splitting and the taste of blood was in his mouth, but it was nothing serious..A guard of fifty or more of the savages, armed with blowguns and stone hatchets, paraded continuously before the mouth of the cave as one of their number returned with a huge woven container of fruits and nuts of strange form and color..And then he saw it; the Nomad, with its sleek, tapered cylinder of a body nosing down toward them with the silvery aura of its propulsive energy gleaming like a beacon of hope against the dull clouds of the satellite of terror.		
