Both of them had the heavy build of their mountain stock, and the garments of the free swordsman would do for Flor's purpose, even though they might not fit him perfectly..*       *       *       *       * At length, he decided the time was right to talk to the Duke of more serious things..He must have words, he decided, with Bel Menstal.		
The merchant barge swept through the rapids just beyond Menstal, her polemen deftly preventing disaster against the rocks..But we don't go around scaring transvisors..The Duke sighed wearily.		
"Search this man.".But he seemed to be condemned in advance..He guided his mount through the narrow streets to the castle gate, where he confronted a sleepy, heavilyarmed sentry.		
When the barge had cleared, serfs inside the tower strained at the windlass in obedience to the commands of their overseer, and the chain rose jerkily, to regain its former position across the stream.."None of them knew a thing," he snarled..As I said, visibility refraction doesn't work right in their case.		
He reached into the case..*       *       *       *       * The great market square at Orieano was crowded..I don't know."		
"You ran into a transvisor, I'm afraid..The team chief laughed shortly, bringing the flat of his blade down in a resounding smack and Flor straightened, involuntarily bringing a hand to his outraged rear..And, of course, he was invited to join the hunts.		
The merchant shook his head dazedly, but offered no word of protest.."Here, weakling..Derikuna smiled sardonically.		
"You were lucky to get away.."Simple enough.".He snapped his lingers and a page hurried forward.		
He folded his hands and bowed his head submissively..Merchants and their assistants hovered about, each endeavoring to outdo the rest in enticing the swarming crowd into his tent.."Yes, Excellency."		
Konar shrugged..I have funds, adequate to garrison the tower of the Menstal, and even to make it livable for a considerable force of men..And memory crowded upon him.		
He started sliding down an endless, dark chute, ending in impenetrable blackness..Others simply strode about, still looking for the things they had come to seek out..At last, he kicked the nearest bale.		
They would simply expose him and accuse him before the Duke..He raised his hands, palms together, and looked up pleadingly.."You would dispute my judgment?"		
The forest was somehow more clear to him than it had ever been..Next month, at the fair, he would press suit for the hand of the heiress, and a few months after that he would have control of the rich farm lands and the trading city..He could be struck with the sword, and perhaps in the confusion, an escape would be possible.		
The small hand weapon he carried would render the obsolete body shield ineffective, if necessary, and a light charge would assure that the man wouldn't awaken..The page returned, bearing a large cup and a flagon of wine.."That awful thing!		
The steward reached into the chest, removing bags which clinked as they were dropped to the table..His hand, holding the short club above the Earl's throat, trembled uncontrollably..That'll pick up any power radiation from the castle."		
"There is a further bit of evidence I might offer," he added..Florel came upon the Duke while he was considering the news of one of these raids..Possibly, she was of eastern descent, Konar thought.		
"What an overload!.Gerda drew himself up into a commanding pose..It would be the work of a few minutes to remove the equipment the man had, to substitute the purely ornamental insignia, and to sweep out of the room, closing the window after him.		
During the days and nights that followed, he exerted himself to gain the favor of the Duke and his household..Almost always, there has been the cry, 'It's witchcraft!'.He stepped back.		
The haze about him scintillated and became impenetrable darkness.."And there is no chance that any of your men could have hidden anything on the way here?".But what's going on?"		
The castle steward came toward them.."Old Marnio sees you like that," he muttered warningly, "makes lashes.".But I had nothing to do with it myself.		
Who expected one of these roving soldiers of fortune to be dressed in the height of style?.He looked at the stone buildings of the town and its castle.."Cattle," he growled, "to think they could cheat the Baron Bel Menstal of his just tax."		
Before him was a dish of good cakes, beside him, a cup and flagon of good wine..As the boat's keel grated against gravel, he shook his head and stepped forward..Taking up the sword, he replaced it in its scabbard and swaggered through the forest, imitating the manatarms' song.		
More small blocks of wood fell out.."Yes, sir?".Of course, he had far to come, and the way through the mountains could be difficult.		
"Pretty nasty clip, wasn't it, sir?".He looked at Konar..Here is one thing we can produce well in these mountains."		
Ah, well, perhaps it would be as well to allow him to finish his life in peaceful possession of his broad fields..Flor looked savagely at his captive..Sitting with his back to a small tree, he closed his eyes and folded his thick arms over his head.		
Flor watched as his prisoner started to disrobe, then pulled off his own single garment, carefully guiding it through the belt at his waist, so as not to disturb the talisman's powers..He continued at the head of his retinue, through the center of the square..We have stripped them, but they have no unusual things about them.		
Don't give her any cause for fear..Unquestionably, these were genuine men of the west..She could become Lady Death, if she got frightened.		
He'll be drowsing inside, where it's warm.."Oh, to be sure.".Marlo waved a hand carelessly.		
"I really should spin this thing up to a proof load," he said..With a startled cry of pain, Vernay spun around and bent toward the ground.."Sure."		
He grinned..He shook his head slowly..It focused.		
Wonder what he wants.".Give it a little power, too, while you're at it.".Then you can run test on a real piece."		
He closed the folder and handed it back to the clerk..He spread his hands..He was still a little hazy as to how he'd managed to land in prison on Kell's planet.		
"Graham..Sit down.".He tapped at some notes.		
Sornal carefully set the block into an aperture, then reached for a switch.."Here's trouble..I do.		
"All right, driver," he said peremptorily, "when we get to the Federation Building, swing into the official driveway.".His smile faded..And he'd limped over to file a complaint at the Federation Residency.		
Stan examined the tabulated sheets again..Then the hand relaxed and the sliver of steel clattered to the paving.."Got trouble?"		
The operator was sitting at the programming punch, carefully going over a long streamer of tape..He'd drawn impressively large checks and deposited them..So, comes morning, he's still in the street.		
There was a concerted sigh behind him..Finally, he came back with a folder..He feels a couple quick ones, then he don't know nothing till next day.		
We don't want anyone snapping at us with flashers.".Stan followed the direction indicated by a dozen abruptly turned heads..He looked at the blank expression on Stan's face.		
As he turned away, he thought he noticed a faint flicker of disappointment on the sergeant's face before the man bent over his desk..You know how to check for magnetic and gravitic deviations.."I don't like you, Graham," he said.		
"I'm going to be real careful with my work from now on," he said..He flipped his wrist up, looking at his watch..Big Carl Marlo was in his bunk when Stan came into the cell.		
"You..Ain't no use you waste your time being no fabricator nurse.."All right, that's it.		
He looked at the building fronts as they swept past.."Along about quitting time, they came after me..*       *       *       *       * Fabricator number fortyone was a multiple.		
"Look, Vernay," he said.."Well," the maintenance man was saying, "that's the way you set those upper coils..He smiled.		
Vernay looked dazed for an instant, then recovered and laughed derisively.."It'll be a lot better," he growled, "if you two clear through my office before you start wandering all over the grounds.".The man was sitting like a puppet whose controlling strings had been cut.		
"Only thing, that don't solve nothing.."You make it all nice and clear.".He had left the hospital, muttering grim threats of the legal action he would take.		
And they'd introduced him to their culture..Oughta look into that, you get out."."All right, that's all I need."		
"Aw, I've heard a lot about the Special Corps, too..For the first time since Stan had known him, he had a faint smile on his face..He'd simply been beamed into unconsciousness.		
Again, he punched his palm..he told himself.."Yes, Mauson?"		
Even working cheap, he picks up some change there, too, and one way or another, the guy's got a living, see?".The hand moved back, poised for a more solid blow..Marlo shook his head admiringly.		
Around him was spacea full meter on all sides.."Yeah," the boy was saying, "Dad told me about the time he met one of them.."Besides, there ain't a guy in the walls, don't figure this deal by now.		
They get blamed, they bust something, see, so they owe the company big money.".I'll give your tape a runthrough, then we'll pull a sample and check it out.."Well, I've had it.		
"I'm not looking for any fight, but if you force one, I'll break you all to pieces.."Oh, Mr. Graham..Then you play it easy.		
He shook his head.."Two hundred twenty gravs," the man said..Slowly, the man slid down, to melt into a shapeless heap in the gutter.		
Again, Stan moved..Now we'll have a little dance.".Marlo turned toward him.		
"Only trouble, some of these big boys fall in love with their work..On some stations, an Officer of the Guard was permitted to take a nap between guard checks..Why is it my father has to talk to the Korentalalone?"		
Don nodded..Don shook his head.."Boy, I'd like to have seen his face about then!"		
References in the Book of the Waernu are so arranged that I may be quickly removed, to be placed in an already prepared place in the Book of the Onaru, if the time should come..As you said, there is no truly clear line.."I don't know.		
While Don was talking, an impassive aide brought an outfit for him.."Now, I'd like to get some truth out of you..Jasu's face was suddenly drawn.		
Suddenly, a spurt of smoke came from the muzzle of the rifle..Makes sense, tooif you know Kelton..He turned and the lieutenant examined him curiously.		
So we can expect to see a full conclave of the tribes within a few months, to choose among the claimants and select one to be either head of the clan Onar, or the founder of a new royal line."."Hope the jerk's got plenty of that stuff," he muttered..Beat you, too."		
"So, I've been watching these clay pigeon shoots of theirs for a long time..The man bowed and left.."I am the only son of a border rancher, Mr. Masterson.		
Go ahead.."Thanks, Dowro..But he was the prime minister, and therefore the logical person to take the reins."		
Reports showed that much.."Next thing, I was being accused of accepting a money bribe from Pete..He reached up to his lapel, twisting at the bronze button.		
The mats were similar in design to those in his pack..Pete nodded.."Michaels," he said.		
He could see painted legends, giving cautions and instructions to whomever should pilot the ship.."Got a fella, name's Masterson, down there right now..Pete nodded.		
"The police have been keeping close watch on everyone in the city who might have even a remote connection with the hill clans.."Hope that gunk they used to monkey up my complexion doesn't sweat out," he told himself..He paused thoughtfully.		
He went forward a few more paces, then selected a comfortable looking bit of moss.."Anyway, I doubt he'd have survived that affair if you hadn't rammed your neck into it.".There was no evidence in Jack's comments.		
He leafed through the volume, noting the careful engrossing..Bordelle shrugged..There were footsteps on the path.		
Unauthorized orders had been given to them..He nodded..Stern's people will be flocking around here in a few minutes to see what went on.		
Hang it, they seemed to swing along under their loads as though they were just taking a short walk before breakfast..And that by some nogood, naked native kid..He looked around.		
The aide looked aside..At long last, Rayson turned his head with obvious effort, to stare at Masterson, who recovered a few milliseconds more slowly..Slowly, he came back to being.		
He looked up at Don..How about it?".You see, Mr. Masterson's alerted people at the Commissioner's office.		
"Oh, no!".I've heard about some funny things these Khlorisanu can pull off if they can get a guy's attention for a while..You'd have to be consulting with his people for some time before the conclave, you know.		
"The claims to the throne wereand still arepretty muddled..Here you are..Rayson was around then.		
Wish I had that ability of yours.".There are Moreku here, in this school.."This is Rano two four.		
Korentona shrugged..That is inexcusable.".And they're really keeping an eye on the Waern home.		
"We've lost a lot of time.".He got to his feet..And even if he hadn't been able to get away from the guy, he'd have taken him down with him.		
"Come on..Every one of them knew someone who had been robbed..But he's one of those people.		
A tone resonated from the chamber, growing louder as Don continued to stroke the tube.."I wish you'd make yourself clear on that..He insisted on talking to you, Petoen.		
Yeah, sure..But nobody makes ammunition for the things any more.."Yeah, I know."		
When they got there, the Waern kid came flying at them again..But where's Gorham?.He slid a panel aside and looked expressionlessly at Don for a moment.		
People got killed.."Me?.he demanded.		
