Mendoza thought that Bill was away buying groceries..The far edge of the sea, all around us, he examined with his telescope a hundred times a day..And on the stone walls of the palace of Bagjagderag he bade him write down the terms of the peace as he dictated it.		
Fancy Bumpo studying at Oxford—Well, well!” There were great doings in Jolliginki when he left..That fellow has had enough to last any man for three days..I found them in your cabin hiding under the bunk.		
Going to be a nice day, don’t you think?.For you see, lots of the animals hardly talk at all with their tongues; they use their breath or their tails or their feet instead..I wanted him to come with me here to see you; but he won’t leave the prison while Luke is there.		
The streets were all twisty and winding and so narrow that a wagon could only just pass along them..Let me give you another cup of tea.” THE EIGHTH CHAPTER ARE YOU A GOOD NOTICER?.Oh, rubbish!” said the Doctor.		
We will have to look into this tomorrow..But Jip it was who, scratching at the foot of the slab like a good ratter, made the discovery which led to our final success..If such a thing befall me, all the great work I hoped to do must go undone, for who is there unfreer than a king?		
Ah, well, it will be discovered again some day, by somebody else..The crowd had forgotten them entirely..All the people were laughing and calling and waving to Luke to show him how glad they were that he was free.		
At a word from the Doctor, CheeChee and Polynesia sped off into the jungles after more fruit and water..What time is it now?” It’s ten minutes past one.” Bob says he thinks they are going to kill Luke for a punishment if they can prove that he did it—or certainly keep him in prison for the rest of his life..But, far too light and too small, we made but a poor exchange.		
One peculiar thing I noticed immediately I came into it; and that was what a lot of birds there were about..Over the lawns hung weepingwillows, and their feathery boughtips brushed the velvet grass when they swung with the wind..And when you’ve finished go and get your threethousand pesetas out of Don Rickyticky.		
She says he is a perfectly marvelous naturalist..Quick—bring his bacon back on to the table.” THE NINTH CHAPTER THE GARDEN OF DREAMS WHEN breakfast was over the Doctor took me out to show me the garden..THE SIXTH CHAPTER THE JABIZRI WE found the woods at the feet of the hills thick and tangly and somewhat hard to get through.		
Joe said he would sell her to us cheap..I’ve forgotten more about the sea than that lumbering lout will ever know..He was a very peculiar person.		
You’d think that any one after being told he wasn’t wanted would have had the decency to keep quiet..Every animal in this zoo stays here because he likes it, not because he is made to.” They all look very happy and clean,” I said..Standing right near the gangplank were my mother and father.		
He and the Doctor between them managed to make themselves understood to the Bagjagderags..It made a hollow booming sound, like a giant drum..But it was only when I at last got a glimpse of the face under the hat that I could be really sure it was a monkey.		
Bumpo, please go downstairs to my bunk; and listen: in the pocket of my dressinggown you’ll find some maps..Do you think you could get me some?” Why, certainly,” said the porpoises, we passed one herd of them out there, sporting about among the icebergs..And yet the petrel was alone!—What a baby I was, I told myself, to be scared to the verge of tears just by loneliness!		
And in a deep cave in the mountains I heard them arrange together to kill Luke the Hermit so that they should get all the gold and he have none.” At this point the judge asked, Where is the witness Mendoza?.Hasn’t arrived yet of course..Well, we finally agreed; and as our good friend had no spare bedrooms, the three of us, the Doctor, Bumpo and I, slept on the beds set out for sale on the pavement before the shop.		
They threw up their hands in horror when they saw us..If you can satisfy us that you really are able to understand canine testimony, the dog shall be admitted as a witness..I am waiting to see the sun rise.		
Poor perishing heathens!” muttered Bumpo..He waved his hand and lo!.As I climbed into the bunk over the Doctor’s and pulled the blankets snugly round me, I found I could look out of the porthole at my elbow, and, without raising my head from the pillow, could see the lights of Penzance swinging gently up and down with the motion of the ship at anchor.		
But I’d sooner swim back to Puddleby than have to listen to that fellow’s talk all the way to Brazil.” Indeed he was a terrible person, this Ben Butcher..Come here, Jip,” said the Doctor in a stern voice..This is a great piece of luck.” THE SECOND CHAPTER THE FIDGIT’S STORY WELL, now that he was started once more upon his old hobby of the shellfish languages, there was no stopping the Doctor.		
But it looked very splendid..Well, I thought I was going to have a perfectly grand time..I can do nothing.		
Couldn’t we make some arrangement—couldn’t I work for my meals and sleep here?” But my dear Stubbins,” said the Doctor, laughing, you are quite welcome to come here for three meals a day all the year round..Of course I could not understand everything that was going on, though it was all very interesting..When we reached the ship’s side the Doctor had the anchor drawn up and the sails set and everything in readiness to get away.		
He turned back pleadingly again to Long Arrow in a last appeal for help..And the people, especially the Spanish ladies, think no end of them..He’ll set the dog on you.” Nevertheless there were two people who often went out to that little shack on the fens: the Doctor and myself.		
Myself, I think it was an albino niggeress..At last I got tired and lay down to rest..So we didn’t bother to unload our rowboat but just tied it on to the ship’s stern with a rope and jumped aboard.		
So I pulled the dish a little further away from the fire and went on through the house looking for the Doctor..Don’t take any notice of that stupid old salt..You see, I’ve never been to school.		
I and     my sister, Clippa (she was my favorite sister) had a     very narrow escape for our lives..With this part of the business over, the Doctor called to Polynesia to have the Black Parrots drive the enemy right back into their own country and to wait there, guarding them all night..Probably his home is near here, and that’s why he’s come back.” But why,” I asked, did he go the whole way round the mountain first?” Then the three of us got into a violent argument.		
The gales round here are fierce, when they do blow—tear your canvas out like paper..With a deep reverence the bearers motioned towards the seat of the chair, inviting the white man to get in..The moment that Ben is seated at the diningtable Bumpo slams the door and locks it.		
For she had gone on a voyage with him to that country long ago..It’s this hanging around, almost dead still, that gets me restless—Ah, here comes a wind—Not very strong—but maybe it’ll grow.” A gentle breeze from the Northeast came singing through the ropes; and we smiled up hopefully at the Curlew’s leaning masts..Now if we were in Africa the world would be blazing with sunlight at this hour of the morning.		
You may     be sure though that we took a couple of good gulps     of air while they weren’t looking; and that was the     only thing that saved us from choking..And in two seconds the gallant assistant was nowhere to be seen..I go to Don Enrique and say, ‘I bet you a hundred pounds the Doctor wins.’ Then if he does win, Don Enrique pays me a hundred pounds; and if he doesn’t, I have to pay Don Enrique.” That’s the idea,” said Polynesia.		
Our house was surrounded by the whole population of Popsipetel..It seems that Long Arrow was visiting some peculiar Indians that live there; and that when last seen he was going up into the mountains looking for rare medicineplants..Even had I not gone with you, I intended at the end of this term to take a threemonths’ absconsion—But besides, I shall not be neglecting my edification if I accompany you.		
Oh Kindly One, we are bidden by the united voices of the peoples of this land to carry you to the Whispering Rocks, that there, with all respect and majesty, you may be crowned our king—King of all the Moving Land.” The good Indians did not seem to have even considered the possibility of John Dolittle’s refusing..The very palms     Bowed down their heads     In welcome to the coming King..They may have very good eyesight and all that; but when you ask them to find a man for you, they can’t do it—and they have the cheek to come back and say that nobody else could do it.		
The beds downstairs are made of primrose silk—with hundreds of big pillows and cushions; there are thick, soft carpets on the floors; the dishes are made of silver; and there are all sorts of good things to eat and drink—special things; the larder—well, it’s just like a shop, that’s all..Now as they were getting off, the Doctor noticed that a whole lot of rats were coming up from downstairs and leaving the ship as well..And I have told all the other hunting animals to come and do their share.		
This morning, at six o’clock, while I was getting breakfast, my tail suddenly began to tingle..Doctor!” they cried, the pirates have come into the bay; and they’ve all got on to your ship..But after he had dug holes in the ground to get the gold, and killed all the elephants to get their ivory tusks, he went away secretly in his ship— without so much as saying ‘Thank you.’ Never again shall a white man travel through the lands of Jolliginki.” [Illustration: And Queen Ermintrude was asleep”] Then the King turned to some of the black men who were standing near and said, Take away this medicineman—with all his animals, and lock them up in my strongest prison.” So six of the black men led the Doctor and all his pets away and shut them up in a stone dungeon.		
Let’s go down to supper..The Prince was away fishing for salmon in the river..He eats the linoleum.		
When did you see him last?” It was the day before yesterday,” said the boy..’Tis true indeed that she awoke..And he told all the animals to get out too and romp on the grass to stretch their legs.		
He hasn’t taken a thing since last night.” And she began to cry and shake with nervousness—for she was a good mother, even though she was a lioness..Be pleasant, till the ship sinks under him..Soon the front end of the ship began to go down and down, faster and faster—till the boat looked almost as though it were standing on its head; and the pirates had to cling to the rails and the masts and the ropes and anything to keep from sliding off.		
But I’m afraid we haven’t money enough to buy the tickets..We shall be poorer than ever when we get back..And we borrowed a boat from a sailor; but it was broken on the rocks when we reached the shores of Africa.		
I wonder if you could train me to smell as well as that.....Do you remember how she got us all out of prison—the second time?.Perhaps we can find him for you.		
They are surely the pirates of Barbary.” Well, we must put up more sails on our boat,” said the Doctor, so we can go faster and get away from them..The vet’s looking after him now..What’s the matter with the dog?		
The smell makes me giddy.” The little boy seemed rather frightened to find a man standing there before him and all those animals staring in through the hole in the broken door..Then they sent a message down to the Doctor to say that they would have to take a rest soon; and that they would pull the boat over to an island not far off, and hide it in a deep bay till they had got breath enough to go on..But the pig and the dog and the owl, TooToo, could do nothing in such weather, but sat at the end of the ship in the shade of a big barrel, with their tongues hanging out, drinking lemonade.		
At night she carried a tiny lantern, so they should not miss her in the dark; and the people on the other ships that passed said that the light must be a shooting star..And the Doctor with all his animals ran as fast as they could down to the seashore; while Bumpo leaned against the wall of the empty dungeon, smiling after them happily, his big face shining like polished ivory in the light of the moon..But you spent it on a rattle for that badger’s baby when he was teething.” Did I?” said the Doctor—dear me, dear me!		
You were going to run off in my ship, eh?.The man’s as good as found..So the Doctor told CheeChee to pull up the anchor and the voyage began.		
Well, that’s just like her!—Sneaked off into the jungle as soon as her friends got into trouble.” I’m not that kind of a bird,” said the parrot, climbing out of the pocket in the tail of the Doctor’s coat..The King of the Jolliginki thought it would be easy for his army to find them, because the Doctor was in a strange land and would not know his way..My gracious!” said GubGub in a hushed voice.		
Let them swim safely to the land.” THE SIXTEENTH CHAPTER TOOTOO, THE LISTENER HAVING thanked the sharks again for their kindness, the Doctor and his pets set off once more on their journey home in the swift ship with the three red sails..Hot water smells quite different from cold water..There were so many of them that he had to send some away, and only kept the cleverest.		
Let us go upstairs and see which way the wind is blowing.” But it is dark now,” said the Doctor..And soon it became a common sight to see farmanimals wearing glasses in the country round Puddleby; and a blind horse was a thing unknown..That’s very interesting....		
Very considerate of you—very!.Your coat looks as though it needed brushing—badly..And if you don’t help the other animals now, the lions may find themselves left all alone when they are in trouble.		
But it was no use..After I have gone, remember never to let the flies settle on your food before you eat it; and do not sleep on the ground when the rains are coming..CheeChee and Polynesia watched him, keeping very quiet and still.		
And as he sprang forward to take hold of the Doctor, one of his ears caught fast in a tree; and the rest of the army had to stop and help him..‘I’ve got it!’”] As soon as Jip awoke he ran upstairs and poked his nose in the air..Perhaps if we make him a new house and a bigger bed, and promise him plenty of monkeyservants to work for him and to make life pleasant for him—perhaps then he will not wish to go.” Then CheeChee got up; and all the others whispered, Sh!		
Now we shall be ruined entirely..The Cat’smeatMan was there to see them off; and he brought a large suetpudding as a present for the Doctor because, he said he had been told, you couldn’t get suetpuddings in foreign parts..Have you forgotten that you are talking to John Dolittle, M.D.—the most wonderful man on earth?		
And one of them said to Ben Ali, But surely if this old boat were sinking we should see the rats leaving it.” And Jip shouted across from the other ship, You great duffers, there are no rats there to leave!.For though I may not be able to sail a ship as well as you, so long as the birds and the beasts and the fishes are my friends, I do not have to be afraid of a pirate chief—even though he call himself ‘The Dragon of Barbary.’ Now go and be a good farmer and live in peace.” Then the Doctor turned to the big shark, and waving his hand he said, All right..Doctor!		
But snuff!—Tut, tut!” Does hot water have a smell?” asked the Doctor..But it isn’t so easy to turn a black man white..Don’t fuss.		
And the pushmipullyu took the little boy on his back and gave him a ride round the diningroom table; while all the other animals followed behind, beating the dishcovers with spoons, pretending it was a parade..We lost our way in the jungle and blundered into the palacegarden by mistake.” But couldn’t you guide them?” asked CheeChee; and he began to scold the parrot for letting them get lost while he was away looking for the cocoanuts..With all these mouths to fill, and the house to look after, and no one to do the mending, and no money coming in to pay the butcher’s bill, things began to look very difficult.		
Then the Doctor’s work was done; and he was so tired he went to bed and slept for three days without even turning over..And the Doctor said, I shall only be able to take you three—with Jip the dog, DabDab the duck, GubGub the pig and the owl, TooToo..They always had plenty to eat and drink; because CheeChee and Polynesia knew all the different kinds of fruits and vegetables that grow in the jungle, and where to find them—like dates and figs and groundnuts and ginger and yams.		
And soon a whole school came dancing and jumping through the water, on their way to Brazil..Now the Doctor says he must go back and get the sailor another boat—because the man was poor and his ship was all he had.” And the monkeys were all silent for a while, sitting quite still upon the ground and thinking hard..But the big monkey who was carrying the pig dropped him on the ground and cried out to the other monkeys, Boys—a bridge!		
That’s what you call a ‘stowaway,’” said the parrot..All the animals from here to the Indian Ocean are talking about this wonderful man, and how he can cure any kind of sickness, and how kind he is—the only man in the whole world who can talk the language of the animals!.But the Doctor asked him not to make so much noise about it; and when he had closed his medicinebag in a hurry he told him to open the prisondoor.		
The sides aren’t strong enough..At first I thought it was my rheumatism coming back..Well, make sure,” said Polynesia.		
[Illustration: John Dolittle was the last to cross”] THE EIGHTH CHAPTER THE LEADER OF THE LIONS JOHN DOLITTLE now became dreadfully, awfully busy..This was why they were never caught and never seen in Zoos..Can’t the other head talk as well?” Oh, yes,” said the pushmipullyu.		
While they were doing this they discovered a lot of new and wonderful things that the pirates must have stolen from other ships: Kashmir shawls as thin as a cobweb, embroidered with flowers of gold; jars of fine tobacco from Jamaica; carved ivory boxes full of Russian tea; an old violin with a string broken and a picture on the back; a set of big chessmen, carved out of coral and amber; a walkingstick which had a sword inside it when you pulled the handle; six wineglasses with tourquoise and silver round the rims; and a lovely great sugarbowl, made of mother o’ pearl..‘Shall the leopard change his spots, or the Ethiopian his skin,’ you know?” I don’t know anything about that,” said Polynesia impatiently..Then the parrot, talking in a small, high voice like a little girl, said aloud, Bumpo, some one might turn thee into a white prince perchance.” The King’s son started up off the seat and looked all around.		
[Illustration: He began reading the fairystories to himself”] After a while the King’s son laid the book down and sighed a weary sigh..What do you mean?".I wonder what kind of a prison old NyamNyam got.		
The Doctor opened the package and gave them back their precious toys; and with squawks of delight they began playing marbles on the flat rocks with the enormous pink pearls..The pig went down so quick and so straight he got his snout stuck in the mud at the bottom, and the Doctor, still out of breath, had to go down after him and get him free..It's a great lifeall you do is eat.		
That's all.".Now, in the Badamoshi country there wasn't much sand for the ostriches to stick their heads inwhich in a way was a good thing for them.."'Ark at 'im," said Cheapside, raising his eyebrows.		
And in ten days' time he went to the prison, as he had said, to gloat over the terrible fate of the white man.."I'll go and look at the notice board.."I would like very much to meet him."		
"They leaned over the basket of kittens, stroked the white cat and started talking..And when the fruit came on, tennis racquets were handed around also..'Good dog.		
For example, the kingfishers have a way of marking the trees along the river to show where good fishing is to be found.."I am terribly sorry, Speedy," said he, "to hear what a lot of trouble I have been giving you birds by my delay here..GubGub fidgeted his feet, blushed up to the ears, and finally said: "This is a kind of a crazy story.		
But, you know, robbing the registered mail is a serious thing..Won't you come in and join us?".I tried to catch a cold.		
We are land birds..I had no one to try my new thermometer on..We use it as a landmark, you know, when we are flying after dark.		
And after thinking a moment he said: "All right, I'll tell you the story of 'The Beggar's Dog.'".Sailors, poor duffers, think they know the seathat they spend their life on it..He agreed with the Doctor that the idea of a bird weather bureau was quite a possible thing and would lead to much better weather reports than had so far been possible.		
Yards and yards and more yards long he came, coiling himself up neatly at John Dolittle's feet like a mooring rope on a ship's deck..asked the Doctor..Panting with terror and fatigue, I reached the bank of a swirling torrent.		
So after explaining to the thrush that registered mail should be guarded very carefully by postmen, the Doctor sent the pearls off.."No, this isn't puddly climate," said the Doctor..But, alas!		
Then the Doctor and Jip went back to Fantippo, carried by the piffilosaurus, who landed them on the shore under cover of night, so no one would see them.."What chance have we of that?".It's in a shocking statehonestly, it is."		
"My notebook's in the safe.".cried Jip.."I wonder who he is," said John Dolittle.		
Something new, some fresh problem, cropped up every day..the white mouse interrupted..was all he said between his clenched teeth.		
"Get away from the post office for a while..But between you and me, she doesn't really understand a single word they say.".As soon as the others saw his black legs they passed the word around quickly and at a given signal they set on the poor leader and nearly beat the life out of him.		
What do you say to that?"."The result is this: we know the sea.."But that takes a long time, doesn't it?"		
One boy, much larger than the rest, was teasing a dog..Obombo would but lead us into war, and bring us to greater poverty still.".You are very kind.		
All sea birds have the greatest respect for his opinions.."I hope to do a little pearl fishing," said John Dolittle..You see, my idea is, firstly, a post office system for the education and betterment of the Animal Kingdom, and, secondly, a good foreign mail for the Fantippans.		
"It looks to me," she said, "like the Harmattan Rocks.".And you can thank your lucky stars that it's the Doctor who is in charge of this post office..He was never without one himself, and always wore it hung around his neck on a ribbon.		
The first thing we'll 'ave to do is to make old King Cocoanut tell 'is subjects to put door knockers on their doors..It will be sent by mail and be distributed by the Nova Zembla branch office..Come in and I'll show them to you.'		
Now my young soninlaw, Obombo, clamors to be made Chief and many of the people support him..Our post birds are having great difficulty finding the right houses to take letters to..Dawn was beginning to show before they came in sight of the ship they sought.		
'Pst!' I whispered to the wife..The rougher the weather, the more food we get, because then the passengers don't feel like eating and most of the grub gets thrown out..The Doctor was down to his last shillingas poor as a church mouse.		
It's big..They said I was so conspicuous and would certainly, as soon as I left the nest, get caught by the first owl or cat that came along..They can't see the lighthouse and they don't know what danger they're in."		
[Illustration: "They sat down in the shade of a palm tree"] "Now, my idea, Speedy, is this," said the Doctor..And as this one smelled good to me, I picked it up and swam back here with it.."Yes, it was a hard trip," said the swallow.		
And, plucking up my courage, I scrambled up the vat, on to the edge of it..instead of making the number of letters he had to answer less, the Doctor found that by sending out books of information he increased a hundredfold the already enormous mail he had to attend to.."Well," said Jip, "whatever happens, it's nice the Doctor's got the pearl.		
[Illustration: "'The sailors were ready to kill their admiral'"] "But when the sailors saw a great flock of land birds passing over the ship going southwest instead of west, they took new heart, for they were sure land must lie not far to the southwestward..he muttered.."Look here, Doctor, if we can't raise a canoe, let's you and I swim out to the island.		
"A sanitarium," said the Doctor, "is a sort of mixture between a hospital and a hotelwhere people stay who are invalids.... Well, I agreed to this idea..Standing on the top of the hill with Jip and the piffilosaurus at his side, the Doctor gazed down over the wide bowl full of contented animal life and heaved a sigh..And DabDab whispered in a hoarse voice that the light of the ship was nearer nowless than half a mile from the rocks.		
"Well, it took an awful lot of nerve to take that plunge..And the welcome to their home that the sea birds screeched to the Doctor was so hearty and noisy you couldn't hear yourself speak..It was twilight and the men were gone.		
