Surrounding the Dome was a living, writhing belt of giant worms.."Yeah..Thanks real lots."		
Come in, Postal Ship.".He grinned..Thanks.		
They weren't supposed to need them..Anything to        *       *       *       *       * "Pirates!.Preston yelled helplesslybut it was too late.		
He picked off the location of the pirate shipsthere were two of them, coming up out of the asteroid belt.."They're about thirty feet long, a foot wide, and mostly mouth..Preston reached for the widebeam stud, pressed it.		
Watch me carefully, and jump to it when you see me land..Preston watched as the tactic got under way..Mellors asked.		
Finally: "Hello, Mail Ship?".It was near midnight, and the sky over Nome Spaceport was bright with stars..Come in, now!"		
The ship roared down, jets blasting..His scratchpad began to fill with notations.."The local native life," the colonist explained.		
"Okay, I pick up your signal, Ganymede..Gunderson asked incredulously.."The one and only," Preston said.		
He had computed exactly how much spare fuel he had, how much he could afford to waste..Gunderson's ship traveled in a long, looping spiral that drew the pirate into the upper quadrant of space..He centered the ship as well as he could on the Dome below and threw it into automatic pilot.		
"You can't believe your ears..He turned to the radio..Preston closed his eyes for a second, trying to think things out.		
"Seven miles," the colonist said..They were silent for a few moments, as the three shipstwo armed, one loaded with mail for Ganymedestreaked outward away from Earth..He took the ship out in space, saw the blackness in the viewplate.		
"Okay, I've got them..Its outer wall opened and the fueltank went tumbling outward and down..He pushed his way past the man in Space Grays and shouldered past a couple of barflies as he left.		
"Just lovely.".He blasted loose from the tight orbit and rocked the ship down on manual..And the mindless iceworms came, marching toward the fire, being consumed, as still others devoured the bodies of the dead and dying.		
"Ganymede Colony?."Why don't you ask the Chief that?.Anything to keep from having to talk to his two exPatrolmates or from having to think about the humiliating job he was on.		
As his ship swung around the moon's poles in its tight orbit, he began to figure some fuel computations..Preston didn't answer..We've only been here two years, you know.		
Shimmering gently amid the whiteness was the transparent yellow of the Dome beneath whose curved walls lived the Ganymede Colony..Arms grabbed him, pulled him through..One of the worms came by and chewed the antenna right off.		
"But you can't come down!."Okay, Ganymede," he radioed..Seven miles of iceworms, eh?		
Even at this distance, he could see five or six bright pips surrounding the huge planet..He broke contact and scribbled some more figures..But I'm not going back.		
"I can get there myself..Preston smashed his hand against the control panel..You're the first one who's been this close since it happened."		
The forbidding surface of Ganymede grew closer and closer..Small, deadly, compact, they orbited toward him..How will you leave your ship?"		
"Yeah?".There was a pause, and then the figures started coming over.."Please acknowledge," Mellors said.		
Beams ripped into the hull of Mellors' ship, and a dark fissure line opened down the side of the ship..This is your Postal Ship.".Now sit tight and wait."		
"Screens took the charge."."Where are you, Postal Ship?"."You've got clearance."		
All we've got left is this shortrange thing we're using and it's no good more than ten thousand miles from here..Slight difference, Preston thought, as he set up his blasting pattern..Down below, he could see the bluewhite ammonia ice that was the frozen atmosphere of Ganymede.		
The radio crackled..There was Callisto, andahthere was Ganymede..Preston gripped his controls and threw the ship into a plunging dive that dropped it back behind the protection of both Patrol ships.		
In its own way, this was as dangerous, perhaps even more so..Mellors!."We'll take care of them for you."		
There they werewaiting..Preston snapped on the radio.."Check."		
He'd have to try a different tactic..Come onI'll walk you over to Administration.".Back to Nairobi and clear out of there as soon as you're ready.		
The technician vanished..There were always qualifications, never unalloyed successes.."I mmade a mmistake last night," he stammered.		
Many thousands of years! He realized he was up against a formidable life form..McLeod attempted a cheerful grin..Security is external to whims and fancies.		
"Fifty percent swing to Popeek..At this very moment a team of engineers is on Venus, in that hot, dry, formaldehyde atmosphere, struggling to turn Venus into a world fit for oxygenbreathing human beings.."I wouldn't advise it.		
He caught a lift tube and arrived on the twentythird floor moments later..Now, he realized, he could immeasurably strengthen his own position if he could control the flow of events and channel them properly.."Read these through first.		
"Exactly.."I'd put money behind it.".Ludwig.		
"From where?".You ought to let pros handle the big spiels, Roy.".Roy Walton, we know, will continue the noble task begun by D. F.		
V The new sign on the office door said:                              ROY WALTON                           Interim Director                   Bureau of Population Equalization He had argued against putting it up there, on the grounds that his appointment was strictly temporary, pending a meeting of the General Assembly to choose a new head for Popeek..You wouldn't do a sneaky thing like this."."It really was off the cuff."		
Their parents had gone down off Maracaibo in a jet crash; Roy and Fred had been sent to the public crèche..The world was accustomed to subterfuge and verbal pyrotechnics, and when it didn't get the expected commodity, it grew suspicious..For Fred, medicine, unsuccessful private practice, finally a job in the Happysleep section of Popeek, thanks to Roy.		
Have there been any calls?".Nervously he found a seat..Popeek is a damned crime and that Walton criminal     ought to be put away and we ought to kill those greenskins up there     before they kill us.		
Be there about 1050 or so..And Fred was perfectly capable of doing just that..They had ready leverage on the prospective director.		
Won't you sit down?".He had chosen the words carefully, for maximum impact..Who'd you pick for your replacement as director of field agents?"		
"This is a terrible tragedy," the UN man said.."I've ordered my brother Fred remanded to your care," he said..And they're not so happy about having Earth come crashing into their system to colonize!"		
"Maybe so," Percy said cautiously..Fred was due at 1100..You have to" "Hush," Walton said.		
Kroll's voice asked..The third man, Rudi Steinfeld, was a local music teacher..Walton had seen the photographs, and so he was partially prepared.		
Walton sat..He decided he'd have to take his chances with Fred..He stared thoughtfully at the apparatus.		
Walton accepted the drink, gulped it, looked up at the man who had spoken.."FitzMaugham got you in here, didn't he?".The same might be said of the Europeans     who refuse to obey the demands of sanity; and, coming closer to     home, I pray you reduce the numbers of Jews, Catholics, Communists,     antiHerschelites, and other freethinking rabble, in order to make     the new reborn world purer and cleaner and ... With a sickly cough Walton put the letter down.		
That was optimum dissemination; he would put through notice of the transfers later in the day, and by nightfall the men would be on their way to their new scenes of operation..But if it came through.... Walton shrugged and turned back to his work..Or resign, and vanish into anonymity.		
"Sure is, Roy.."Are you telling me that your department was blind enough to let someone pipe a spy pickup right into this office?".He was standing outside the Cullen Building, looking right out of the screen at himself, and in the background could be seen a huddled form under a coat.		
He was happy, in a way, that FitzMaugham was no longer in charge.."The Bronze Room..The dark, cloudy liquid came pouring instantly from the spigot.		
Was it all synthetic?.When's the next Citizen due?".Then he clipped it out neatly and shot it down the chute to public relations, marked Attention: Lee Percy.		
"Couple of security boys outside, y'know..Men moved busily about in the floodlighted area at its base..The rubber magnate looked ill; his fleshy face was beaded with globules of sweat.		
But for what reason?.The alien stood eight feet high, and gave an appearance of astonishing mass.."Plenty of spy activity, for one thing.		
The fact that some idiot in my public relations department gained access to my wire and found out you were returning is incontrovertible; it happened, despite precautions.".The second thing I'll do will be to have the security men track down their names and find out if there was an actual conspiracy..Tonight, if you can work it.		
Then I'll give you my answer.".Lassen was a boyishlooking young man with stiff sandy hair and a sternly efficient manner.."I refuse.		
The poor sucker!.Can't find him anywhere.".The giant screen that occupied nearly half of his one unbroken wall glowed in lifelike colors.		
Then buy a kaleidowhirl hour and get a bunch of our engineers in there to handle the special inserts..In humble tones he expressed his veneration for the late director, his hopes that he would be able to fill the void left by the death of FitzMaugham, his sense of Popeek as a sacred trust..His pulse was racing; his throat was dry.		
But he would like to know what had happened to the group.."Ohanything from Venus?"."I'll be there," Walton said.		
He looked at his hand..I felt groggy.."I'm a nonterrestrial.		
And I am alone, bound by our sacred customs never to remarry, languishing in sadness and pining for her return..Get out of here!.*       *       *       *       * Sitting with my hands poised near the meshgun trigger, I was ready to let him have it at the first sight of actual violence.		
He made us look like fumbling amateurs, and I had been operating in this business more than fifteen years..But get this: I just want to finish off my recruiting, pack up and go home to Earth..You will hire me now."		
I said, "I'd better tell you right at the outset that we're already carrying our full complement of Stortulians..Suppose you fire him, take me on instead..The small figure of the Stortulian trudged through the open doorway and stationed itself limply near the threshold.		
*       *       *       *       * It isn't, but another of my principles is to refuse to be swayed by sentiment.."Listen, Gorb, or whatever your name is, I've had a hard day..He was dressed from head to toe in glittering metalfoil, and instead of his ceremonial blaster, he was wielding a sword the length of a human being.		
I have a conscience and it's troubling me..You cooked this whole fake suicide up in collusion with those cops.".I shuddered.		
He gratefully took the stateroom we assigned him..Nine of the fifty were okay..He made life a lot easier for me during the sixweek voyage to Earth in our specially constructed ship.		
Gorb whirled angrily..Higgins really had a way with the creatures, all right..He spoke in a drab monotone that almost, but not quite, had me weeping.		
At the keyword avenge, I readied myself to ensnarl the Kallerian in a spume of tanglemesh the instant he went for his blaster, but he didn't move.."But there is the matter of the dead Kallerian and the fine of" "one hundred thousand dollars.."Up to now, I've been doing my own recruiting, but only because I couldn't trust anyone else to do the job.		
I mopped sweat from my forehead and began to buzz Stebbins for the next applicant.."Wonderful!.I like to make my own decisions, thanks."		
And if I know in advance that your purpose in coming isn't scientific, I can't in all conscience lie for you, can I?".I give you my word I'll get in touch with you as soon as our organization has room for another Kallerian..My conscience won't let me really exploit a being, but I don't believe in throwing money away, either.		
I eyed Gorb uncertainly.."You don't really intend to join our organization at allyou just want free passage to Earth?"."The evidence lies before us," intoned the leader, "in the cadaver of the unfortunate Kallerian who filed the complaint with us several minutes ago."		
the leader asked..Is your heart a dead lump of stone?".His voice was little more than a faint whimper, even at full volume.		
"That's a nice trick.."I tried to keep him out, but" Heraal, who had planted himself in front of my desk, drowned him out with a roar.."Get the Terran Consulate on the phone, Stebbins.		
"Get out before I have you thrown out."."Suicide is completely abhorrent to them.."Evidently you don't know as much as you think you do about Stortulian psychology, Corrigan," Gorb said lightly.		
I saw to it that I was the sole owner.."Aren't you forgetting something, Corrigan?".*       *       *       *       * I began to chucklemore of a tensionrelieving snicker than a fullbodied laugh.		
"Your Wazzenazzian status is just a fiction cooked up to get you past the immigration authorities, Mike..The Kallerian, still at gunpoint, hung his head in shame..I nudged the troublebutton on the side of my desk and Auchinleck and Ludlow appeared simultaneously from the two doors at right and left.		
I opened our inventory chart.."Don't offer me more money..In a bleak voice, he said, "There is no hope then.		
I took advantage of his pathetic upset to steam right along..Suffer!".I just want to settle down on Earth, Jim.		
The Stortulian seemed to shrivel..He was tall and extremely thin, with pale blue eyes and dirtyblond hair, and though he was clean and reasonably well dressed, he had a shabby look about him..All I have to do is declare it no longer of scientific interest, and the World Government will deport the undesirable alien back to its home world.		
*       *       *       *       * It was the isolationism of the late 29th century that turned me into the successful proprietor of Corrigan's Institute, after some years as an impoverished carnival man in the Betelgeuse system.."Funny," I said.."Tell you what, MikeI'll rip up your contract as an exhibit, and I'll give you another one as a staffman, paying twice as much.		
They're gentle and likable beings, but their upkeep runs into literally tons of fresh meat a day, and not just any old kind of meat either..I don't want you hanging around here bothering me..Before I could react to the big lifeform's harakiri, the office door flew open again and three sleek reptilian beings entered, garbed in the green sashes of the local police force.		
"Nothing to it..It could very well be..He was big even for his kindin the neighborhood of nine feet high, and getting on toward a ton.		
I didn't know it then, but before the day was out, I would have that reason..There seems to have been some error."."But" "I must see herher and this disgracebringing lover of hers.		
And I shuddered when I remembered that any minute that scrawny little Stortulian was likely to come bursting in here to kill himself too..He's incompetent.."I regret the incident, Earthman.		
You must take me to Earth!".Gorb.".Stebbins, get me a contract formand type in a clause requiring Heraal to perform his suicide stunt at least five but no more than eight times a week."		
He toppled forward onto the carpet with the sword projecting a couple of feet out of his back..It has to be for scientific purposes only..And if it was, it meant I had been taken as neatly as any chump I'd ever conned.		
Your job will be to roam the planets finding new material for us.."I deeply regret having unintentionally insulted your clan, Freeman Heraal..My last hope is gone.		
