"Everybody took it for granted that we wanted all murder stopped..And, of course, certain machines were living..The watchbirds tried to guard their other charges.		
"Haven't we learned yet?".New information had crossed the invisible network that connected all watchbirds.."I've been thinking of getting out of watchbird."		
He still wasn't thinking of anything as he took aim ... And was knocked off his feet..New acts to stop. "Damn you, git going!".He leaned back and inhaled deeply.		
Slaughterhouses in Chicago stopped and cattle starved to death in their pens, because farmers in the Midwest couldn't cut hay or harvest grain..It responded to its stimuli, whenever they came and whatever their source..The intercom buzzed again, and Gelsen irritably punched a button.		
They won't allow farmers to break ground for plowing.."We must hurry."."And you tell me they'll wear out in six months or a year.		
With their high speed and superfast senses, the watchbirds got around quickly..Hunters sat home, glaring at the silver dots in the sky, longing to shoot them down.."But, still, sometimes I feel like the man who invented dynamite.		
Greco thought he had been shot..Gelsen walked out of the room alone.."What would you suggest?"		
Two, murder may be defined as an act of violence, consisting of breaking, mangling, maltreating or otherwise stopping the functions of a living organism by a living organism.."Nope."."How soon?"		
"You lousy hunk of pigmeal, git going!".The surgeon stood by helplessly while his patient died..The horse balked, and the wagon rattled and shook as he edged sideways.		
He had been driving for seven straight hours and his eyes were starting to fog..He had been one of the consulting engineers on the original watchbird..Dinelli was so intent he didn't see the watchbird coming.		
Lightning which anticipated your moves and punished your intentions.."Of course it will work.."I don't know.		
"You have to have those," Macintyre said patiently, as though explaining the whole thing to a tenyearold.."I still feel morally responsible because I manufacture them.".Start again.		
"Then no one arrests him?"."Take my word, Captain.."That's ridiculous.		
"There is no time.".Parks and playgrounds were not places to shun after dusk..If A doesn't work, try B.		
The breaking, mangling or otherwise stopping the functions of a living organism by a living organism.."Murder must be stopped, too..He started toward the door, then turned for a parting shot.		
"I don't mean that," Gelsen said.."Well, I figured out where the trouble is," Macintyre said gloomily, with the air of a man who knows just how he blew up the Earthafter it was too late..To them, murder was murder.		
And when they reach him, they give him a powerful shock or something..Macintyre wasn't listening..And, of course, everything else is a living organismrabbits, beetles, flies, wolves, mosquitoes, lions, crocodiles, crows, and smaller forms of life such as bacteria."		
Gelsen hadn't realized it until that moment..To stop murder ... Metal and electrons reason well, but not in a human fashion..Greco waited patiently.		
The watchbirds must be stopped at once!".The captain nodded..I suggest you control yourself."		
He put down the telephone.."I mean do you figure there might be some danger in machine thinking?".*       *       *       *       * The nurse handed the surgeon the sponge.		
"Famine..We'll have to turn them off then, one by one.".the grocer asked, staring at the stunned thief.		
This control was spasmodic, because of the fewness of the watchbirds..And then something happened!.*       *       *       *       * With his free hand, Gelsen mopped perspiration from his face.		
"Rob me?.You shouldn't fear them, either.".Officer Celtrics said.		
But the watchbird had a stronger order to obeypreservation of life, including its own..Roger Greco leaned against a building, his hands in his pockets.."Telephone the watchbird company!"		
*       *       *       *       * Gelsen felt annoyed at Macintyre, and even more annoyed at himself for being ridiculous..A correlation center tested it, matching it with electrical and chemical data in its memory files.."Wait a minute," Gelsen said.		
Simple logic..It didn't excite him or sicken him..Say a year, barring accidents."		
"What in hell?".Then he telephoned the police..In a corner of the repair room lay the senior control engineer.		
This time he lay on the ground, trying to draw a bead..In order to stop all of them, the watchbird has to search out new definitions of murder and correlate them with what it already knows."."I'm not afraid of dying.		
"What can we do?"."Too busy counting my fortune.".But let me point out that you would be leaving all Venus without a postman.		
Kirk had it in '89, ordered up big and special just for him.."Huh?".Morrison signed off.		
He held the telephone close to the ground.."Here," Morrison said, handing the robot a piece of goldenstone worth about five thousand dollars in the rough.."I can't ask Max for help," Morrison decided.		
*       *       *       *       * He picked up a pebble..On the sixth day, he sensed movement just out of the range of his vision..*       *       *       *       * Gripping the canteen in both hands, Morrison watched as the water, 'ported four thousand miles from Venusborg, appeared as a slender crystal stream above the mouth of his canteen.		
The solution foamed green.."What?".Morrison asked.		
Morrison stared at him blankly, and saw beyond him the waiting wolfpack..He didn't sleep, but he couldn't stay awake, either..*       *       *       *       * The robot's eyecells became distant with memory.		
The best I can wish you is a speedy and painless departure.".If it's rich enough, you're all set.".Something must be wrong with their diet.		
Take a look."."I can't..Thanks for remembering, Janie."		
The sandwolves were outside, sniffing and snapping their jaws..Morrison said..They drove the big creature upstairs into the cloud bank.		
That was certain.."I went over a dune and blew out two tires."."But some get through, don't they?"		
And you could never reach it without the resources of a machine shop."."Are you sure?".That is a criminal offense."		
Reason I called" "Hey," Eddie said, "what happened to your face?"."Unrepairable," said Eddie.."You were perfectly right," Morrison said.		
Morrison sat down and shook his last canteen..*       *       *       *       * Venus's own brand of wolf, small, lean, with a yellow coat and long, grinning jaws, it was one of the few mammals that made its home in the Scorpion Desert..asked Williams 4, the postman.		
Then a flock of small flying scorpions sighted the waiting kite.."Of course," Morrison said, feeling his smile grow stiff..Overhead, a deltawinged kite found him.		
He'll probably want fifty per cent of the claim.".And get Jim Remstaater out of trouble, too.".Eddie, I know it's a lot to ask, but if you could stake me to a couple of tires" "I can't do it," Eddie said.		
The robot climbed out of the vortex and looked around..Whirling around, he saw a huge old wolf in full charge.."I can and must," Williams 4 said sadly.		
He examined the outcropping again and found a hairline fault running along one edge..And nothing else but water, all the water he could carry..In all that desert, there wasn't one patch of green.		
The narrow crevice into which he had fallen ran straight for about twenty yards, then curved to the left..And fell over the edge of a little cliff..He could tell he was in a badly dehydrated state.		
It still looked like goldenstone..Max could barely scrape up his own rent, much less take care of stranded prospectors.."No, it's just the high cost of credit on Venus," Krandall answered.		
"Can you at least carry a letter for me?."I do.."Could be," said Morrison.		
"It may well be," Williams 4 said.."You have an emergency telephone, haven't you?"."Sure they do," the robot said.		
The sandwolves were tracking him still, and his water was almost gone..Morrison realized that tomorrow might be his last birthday unless he found goldenstone..Williams 4 said.		
The telephone had to go with him, and his lightweight testing kit..And other men had had it too, as they sat on their precious goldenstone claims..That evening he found a shallow cave set into the base of a cliff.		
"No false alarms, no visions, no wild hopes.."Not me," Morrison said.."They would indeed," said the robot.		
Grinning, he said, "I don't even have time to dry off before I have to go out again.".And now look!".The robot moved its head quickly, dodging the blow.		
He fired again, and his bullet richocheted off the cave wall, stinging him with stone splinters..*       *       *       *       * Frantically, Morrison tried to reach the operator..He sank to his knees.		
I can even lend you pencil and paper."."This sort of thing happens to prospectors every day..He loosened the revolver in its holster.		
"Yes, of course," Morrison said wearily..The Chief shook his body sadly..Ger flowed gaily to his feet.		
One of the Men walked past, and touched the Dog on the head..He sniffed the air, noting that the smells the Mannostrils picked up weren't unpleasant at all..He knew that the twentyfirst Grom expedition to this planet was near the point of complete failure.		
This particular world, discovered in a scouting expedition, was needed..Not quite quickly enough..*       *       *       *       * The ship dropped silently toward the surface of the enemy planet.		
*       *       *       *       * At the edge of the woods, Ger turned himself into a facsimile of a Dog..Also, the sounds weren't half so devastating..Now, shipless, he was naked in an alien world.		
Dusk crept across the face of the planet as Pid maneuvered near the atomic power installation..A tiny, fourlegged creature darted in front of them..They waited.		
The bush rustled above him..The Unit went to work..Ger overtook the animal and knocked it down.		
Pid did indeed..Ger walked past the Man, ignoring him..That Dog I was Hunting with is a Grom from the twelfth expedition.		
"And being born Shapeless, all Grom should have Freedom of Shape," Ger said..Nothing happened..The Man started to walk over.		
"The other expeditions are right here.".Inside the ship a littleused circuit closed.."Oh, no," Ilg assured him.		
The Men were of fixed and immutable form, like stones or trees..Pid shook his entire body in annoyance..*       *       *       *       * He stiffened his wings and glided, regretfully putting aside his desires to experiment with this wonderful shape, at least for the present.		
The others had failed in their duty because they were of the lower castes, weak and irresponsible..He was once fined for assuming a quasiHunter shape..Ages ago, the Grom had spent their store of radioactives in spreading throughout their neighboring worlds, occupying the ones that they could live on.		
Only relatively close sounds stood out..He curled his lips and held his breath..He rose, in a matter of a few Sparrow heartbeats, to an altitude of a hundred feet.		
Pid was speechless..Ger nodded, and melted back into the underbrush..That, Pid thought, was it.		
The first job, Pid thought, was to get past that gate.."He must be around here somewhere.".He would have to watch him more closely.		
After all, the Grom were strong on ingenuity..Pid let it go at that.."Help me look for him," Pid said to Ger.		
"Interesting," said the tree..But it was too far away..At the extreme edge of the woods they could observe the atomic energy installation.		
There's a shape to suit every need!"."I'll have to try that shape some time.".It's only natural, as well as lawful.		
And then there was nothing at all..The Pilot altered course..They watched.		
"Why were you so long?."No," Ger said..They decided that Ger would sally out in the morning as a Dog.		
If something went wrong, Pid could change his shape to meet the occasion.."I was hungry," he said.."What?		
he called..Pid heaved a sigh of relief and sat down..This unrest is caused purely by crowding.		
As he watched, another Dog came running toward Ger.."Now get some sleep," Pid said..At the gate the guard called to him.		
Certainly the Men must have learned something from the expeditions they had captured in the past..There he reShaped, obliterating the offending Dog ears and nostrils with vicious strokes of his thoughts..Back toward the bush at a fine clip, again up and over.		
"I know..The Dogshape was out..Evidently Dogs could wander pretty much where they wished.		
"The Men will kill you off," he said..The Dog approached and sniffed..Without looking, he hurried past.		
"Not here it isn't," Ger said, still wagging his tail.."Was," Ger mumbled, writhing with embarrassment..He had spent his entire childhood around ships, his entire manhood flying them.		
"Traitor," hissed Pid, growing a mouth in his chest to hiss it, and then he did something that caused Ilg to exclaim in outrage..Only luck had kept him from being seen during the sensory onslaught..Again he studied the gate, the Men standing beside it, the building beyond in which was the allimportant reactor.		
He started to flow into the shape of a Dog..But another moment of such impressions would have driven Pid the Pilot mad..Sounds upon soundsmore noise than he had ever heard before at one time in his life.		
