"You are upset," said Ebor at that..They'll get around to it, sooner or later.."No!"		
Darquelnoy told him, "Two restno," and he left again.."None worth telling," said Ebor..They would attack us."		
I could use some cheering up.".he asked..echoed Darquelnoy.		
"Well," said Ebor, "you're underground now..Rooms and corridors has been melted out of the rock, the floors had been carpeted, the walls painted, and the ceiling lined with light panels.."I imagine you sometimes wish you could give them a little prodding in the right direction," he said.		
He led the way into his quarters, motioned Ebor to a perch, and rang for his orderly..He wondered what had caused the change, which had obviously been done at top speed.."It was just a little remotecontrolled apparatus, of course," he said.		
"I know," said Darquelnoy gloomily.."What've they been up to, Dar?".Ebor extended his eyes in surprise.		
And before they had a chance to try again, I whipped everything underground."."Oh, well," said Darquelnoy, "you see, they're cowards, too..Ebor nodded, studying his friend.		
They're still boasting themselves into the proper frame of mind, that's all.".At Ebor's shocked look, he rippled in wan amusement and said, "Oh, it wasn't as bad as it might have been, I suppose.."I can't imagine them making a spaceship," said Ebor thoughtfully.		
He looked around.."But if we were to interfere with those creatures up there," continued Darquelnoy, "interfere with them in any way at all, it would be absolutely disastrous."."You don't suppose this is all a waste of time, do you?"		
"They are absolutely the worst creatures for secrecy in the entire galaxy!"."They came here," Darquelnoy told him simply..Then the outer door closed, the pumps were turned on, and in a minute the red light flashed over the inner door.		
"Sorry," apologized Darquelnoy.."Longer than we had originally anticipated," Darquelnoy said frankly..But it circled this Moon here, busily taking pictures, and went right back to the planet again, giving us all a terrible fright.		
"The fledgling attempt, you know..It was just that we had to rush around so frantically, unloading and dismantling the dome, getting this place ready" "What do you mean, they came here?".And since that ship went circling by, of course, morale has hit a new low."		
As livable as the dome had been, at least..There hadn't been the slightest indication they were planning anything that spectacular."."Then I'm surprised they haven't blown themselves to pieces long before this."		
A good job had been done on it, for all the speed..he asked.."What's happened here?"		
And instead we just sit here and wait..Ebor stopped in astonishment..Darquelnoy clicked his eyes in despair.		
"Catastrophic, you mean..Ebor waved a tentacle..He knew Darquelnoy well enough to know that the commander invariably overstated things.		
"The laws" "Never mind the laws," snapped Darquelnoy..*       *       *       *       * "I wasn't talking necessarily about attacking them, you know," said Ebor, returning to the subject..exclaimed Darquelnoy in irritation.		
"Neither was I," Darquelnoy told him..cried Darquelnoy.."It has been a long time," agreed Ebor.		
The last time he'd been here, not very long ago, the dome had still been intact, and there had been no hint of any impending move underground.."I would have thought they'd have blown themselves up long before reaching that stage.".All of the furnishings had been transferred here from the original dome, and the result looked, on the whole, quite livable.		
At Ebor's entrance he raised a limp tentacle in weary greeting and said, "Come in, my friend, come in..The orderly entered.."Not a hint?"		
"Thankfully, no.."Why've you gone underground?.All that crowd up there needs is an enemy, and it doesn't much matter to them who that enemy is.		
"But there was never any indication that they were finally serious about it..Frankly, if it would do any good, I might even consider breaking one or two of the laws, and the devil with my conditioning.".But the base commander, Darquelnoy, waiting for his old friend Ebor near the inner door of the lock, looked anything but happy with the arrangement.		
He drained his cup of restno.."Don't tell me no!"."Nasty?"		
he cried.."Absolutely the worst."."Out here," he said, "living next door to the little beasts day after day, one begins to lose one's sensibilities."		
"We wouldn't have to attack them.."I would have thought so, too," said Darquelnoy..The driver steered the car into the open air lock, and they waited until the first cargo truck had lumbered in after them.		
Why do you need cheering up?"."Well, I suppose another cup won't kill me.."I saw it!"		
"No, I don't imagine it is."."I've worked up a fine thirst on the trip," Ebor told him.."It's unbelievable," said Ebor.		
"I know, I know," said Ebor hastily.."Those annoying little creatures on that blasted planet up there!".This spy, by his own admission, had been in the Project two months before being detected.		
Dr. KilbillieIntermediate Project History, when I was fifteen years oldhad private names for every major war of the twentieth century..The damn fools!."Just enough for two cups, lunch and dinner."		
"A lot longer than it took for him to turn around and go right back into the cave again.".Or at least those of them which had in time installed the force screens which had been invented on the very eve of battle, and which deflected radioactive particles.."That's impossible!"		
Through that door was the stairway..Unfortunately, he recovered first..She blinked, openmouthed.		
Ergo, the Project had stairs, thirtytwo hundred of them..He asked the question so violently and urgently that I knew I had to answer quickly and well, or the maniac would return.."What about radiation level on the oresleds?"		
Man can come back out of the cave again.."The whole Project is alerted.".And within the Project life was full, the knowledge of external dangers merely lurking at the backs of our minds.		
I bellowed..We formed a brief tableau, both of us openmouthed and wideeyed..Well, according to Dr. Kilbillie (a walking library of unnecessary information), the Project had been built when there still had been such things as municipal governments (something to do with cities, which were more or less grouped Projects), and the local municipal government had had on its books a fire ordinance, anachronistic even then, which required a complete set of stairs in every building constructed in the city.		
"You got any chico coffee?"."Of course not," I told him.."Now, then," he said.		
Then I noticed the door to the right of the elevator..He pounded the chair arm..he shouted.		
Incredible!.I would have been in a howling rage anyway, but this impossibility piled on top of all the other annoyances and breakdowns of the day was just too much.."Well" It was such a pointless question, it seemed silly to even answer it.		
"All right, whatever you say."."Do you realize what you've done, disconnecting the elevator?.He glowered at me a moment longer, then shouted, "Bah!"		
What would we want to attack anybody for?".I thumbed the door open and we went inside..Not only won't she marry me, she won't even speak to me!		
However, what with all of the other treaties which were broken during the Ungentlemanly Gentleman's War, by the time it was finished nobody was quite sure any more who was on whose side..he whispered harshly..Calmly, rationally, I said to her, "I would like to tell you something, Miss.		
He got suddenly redfaced, and jumped to his feet.."How do I know what they're thinking?".Half a dozen possible answers flashed through my mind.		
From the looks of things, I wasn't ever going to get to her place..Don't you people ever test them?"."But don't you ever check them before deradiating them?"		
That blundering Army of yours thinks I'm a spy.."Outside?."They're supposed to look for indications of an attack by one of the other projects."		
"The same answer every time..You people have crawled into your caves and you're ready to stay in them forever.".By 2000, everybody lived in Projects.		
"Transparent?.Theoretically, I believed that there was a chance the radiation Outside was lessening by now, though we had no idea exactly how much radiation had been released by the Atom War.."I'm not a spy!		
She nodded solemnly..The population explosion, of course, meant that there was continuously more and more people but never any more space..That sounded impossible.		
"The defenses," he interrupted me, "are nonexistent..If things were getting that lax, the Project was doomed, forcescreen or no.."All right," I said hastily.		
"Don't move!".Which reminded me again of Linda..Two months!		
But the Army is doing everything it can think of to get him out.".Do you understand me?".He was discovered on the hundred fortyseventh floor, and managed to get into the elevator before the Army could catch him.		
"It's stuck at transparent.".And all because of, among other things, the population explosion..I didn't dare try to get back into my own Project; I would have been recognized and shot before I could say a word.		
They said:       EMERGENCY ENTRANCE         ELEVATOR SHAFT      AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL             ONLY          KEEP LOCKED I frowned, wondering immediately why this door wasn't being firmly guarded by at least a platoon of Army men.."I come," he said, "from a Project about eighty miles north of here..Not only was he a spy, he was also a lunatic.		
I did exactly as I was told.."All right, if that's what your spies are doing, and if I'm a spy, then it follows that I'm doing the same thing, right?".I strike up a conversation.		
Then she glanced to her right, suddenly straightened up again, and said, "Wewillresumeserviceassoonaspossible.".I said it quietly, too, but she stopped..You think I'm a spy.		
Now, we're going to your apartment..Except for the Projects.."Oh," I said.		
Like me?.Fine!"."No.		
"A spy..Square corners, painted olive drab..While I was hunting around for some other idea, Karpin spoke up again, for the first time in maybe twenty minutes.		
The managera man named Teakingwent well with the office..It was just an X, that's all, shakily scrawled in yellow paint, with the initials "JA" scrawled much smaller beside it..There's only one way to handle a blunt old man.		
McCann's body, floating around in the blackness, might just be found by somebody..He sets the rocket going, and off goes McCann..Faded slippers were on his feet.		
"Well," I said, "there's this business of going to Chemisant City..My doubt must have showed in my face, because he added, "Mister, there isn't enough gravity on this place to shoot craps with.".I mean, it wouldn't simply go floating off into space, would it?"		
And my instinct said Ab Karpin was lying in his teeth..I was trying my best to point out to him that the company would spend more than it would save if it sent me all the way out to the asteroids, a prospect I could feel coming and one which I wasn't ready to cry hosannah over.."You should have been.		
McCann left a handwritten will bequeathing all his possessions to Karpin..No problem, boy, there wasn't any air in there to begin with..And then it would simply fall into the sun.		
he asked, with the first real sign of animation I'd seen in him yet.."I got a big claim here."."Jafe McCann died just a bit too soon.		
I saw how that cashreturn form fit in, and how it made perfect sense..I'd like getting back to Atronics City, and having this all straightened out, and then taking the very next liner straight back to Earth..I mean, a little one like this.		
I asked..The waiting room was cozy and surprisingly large, large enough to comfortably hold the six maroon leather sofas scattered here and there on the pale green carpet, flanked by bronze ashtray stands..But I didn't find any of these either as I plodded along, being sure to keep one magnetted boot always in contact with the ground.		
By the time I'd stripped off the suit he was back to work.."Sure," he said.."You said McCann had gone out to paint the X," I said.		
Atronics City had been Karpin's and McCann's home base..Karpin might know that suchandsuch an asteroid was nothing but worthless stone, but the guy who stops there and finds McCann's body might not know it.."Accidental."		
But, wait a second..The rest of them work in the service occupationsrunning the bars and grocery stores and so onthat keep the company employees alive and relatively happy.."The company isn't accusing you of anything, but it has to be sure everything's on the up and up before it pays out any ten thousand credits.		
Preferably a body..It was closer, he said, but it couldn't have been closer by more than a couple of hours.."You can sleep over, if you want."		
"Help yourself," he said, in a pretty poor attempt at genial hospitality.."Frankly," I said, "I'm no expert on low gravity and asteroids..Makes it tough on the conditioner."		
"You don't want to make too many wild accusations," he shouted, his voice shaking..Closemouthed, antisocial, fiercely independent, incurably romantic, always convinced that the big strike is just a piece of rock away..He could have been forty, and he could have been ninety, but he was probably somewhere the other side of fifty.		
I considered my answer..Or at least I saw part of it..This would be the claim, and this is where I would find Karpin, sitting on his property while waiting for the sale to go through.		
Not until the day before McCann died.".*       *       * It was all one room, roughly circular, with a diameter of about fifteen feet..Call it ten thousand credits even.		
"How did this accident happen anyway?".And not satisfied with that, you filled out a cashreturn form and tried to collect your money as your own heir..Because this chunk of rock was valuable, that's why not.		
So I said, "I've just had a shaky fourhour ride coming out here.."Shut the door," he said..He welcomed me politely, but curiously, and I said, "I wonder if you know a prospector named Ab Karpin?"		
"There's a chance it's a forgery?".He moved too fast, jerked his muscles too hard, and went sailing up and over the cot and ricocheted off the dome wall.."Why's that?		
"I'll tell you how it is," I said..There was a Geiger counter, an automatic spectrograph, two atmosphere suits, a torsion densimeter, a corecutting drill, a few small hammers and picks, two spare air tanks, boxes of food concentrate, a paint tube, a doorless jimmyjohn and two small metal boxes about eight inches cube..None of my ideas, it seemed, were happy ones.		
On those I feel almost human..I was convinced of that, and now all I had to do was prove it.."It sure would," he said.		
The horizon was practically at arm's length, so it didn't take long for the dome to be out of sight.."I see," I said sadly..Twenty credits a day, plus fuel.		
There's nothing to look at outside the dome but chunks of rock and the blackness of space anyway, and you've got all this cheap iron floating around in the vicinity, and all a dome's supposed to do is keep the air in.."None..He happens to write out the cashreturn form just before dying.		
By the time we got to Atronics City, my insides had grown resigned to their fate..As we talked, I kept finding myself holding unnecessarily tight to the arms of the chair.."Jafe McCann was the moneyminded part of the team.		
If he'd lived, he would have repaid all his debts, I'm sure of it..And if you didn't need human company, then you had everything..That was a pity.		
McCann's dead.".I've never been on an asteroid like this before.."He went out first.		
"And that's what you're here for, eh?".With this big strike in, Jafe McCann was the one who'd have to pay all that money."."Warm in here," I said.		
