"We'll be going through the firstline defense belt in a few minutes..Kramer stood, listening.."The changes aren't indicated on your copy," the Pilot said.		
Looking at the useless apparatus made him feel strange..Alarm plucked at him.."I was a pupil of the Professor's," he said.		
"First, I want to talk to you.."The Professor" Kramer began, but at that moment there was a tremendous roar and the ship leaped under him.."Bring the ship around halfright," Kramer said.		
Gross brought the file out of his coat pocket, a manila envelope..It presupposes such things as ultimate ends.".Necessary result.		
The average life of a cruiser was only ten years..They have been so certain of finding me out in deep space that I have been able to stay here without too much danger.."If I'm bothering you" "No.		
"I've seen his type before.."Look.".Do you have space flares?"		
"You're not allowed in the defense zone.".An elderly woman in a shapeless wrapper studied them impassively..The moon gravity, even artificially increased, was unfamiliar to him and it made him uncomfortable.		
An emergency call.".Kramer saw the record tabs moving furiously, the little white dots racing back and forth.."Why?"		
"It's a waste of time," Gross said..In the dark room a withered old man lay, propped up on endless pillows..Kramer got out of bed.		
"With Security?.Can you hear me?"."Let's go!"		
"From the moon base."."A Terran pursuit ship," the Pilot said.."There are some changes here I don't understand."		
"Isn't there anything I can do?".He nodded to the two men..A moment later he was running across the general receiving lobby, past the rows of vacant desks and conference tables.		
"What kind of man was Professor Thomas?."Good God!"."Philip Kramer?		
They glanced up at him and went on hurriedly with their work..Aren't they out here?"."He was a good mathematician, the old man.		
The face of the moon was in shadow..Who's on it?"."Maybe you better switch it back to manual."		
Above the control panel the wall speaker made a sound, a sputtering static.."We're on automatic.."Who's that?"		
"I'm certain.."I sense something nearby, outside.."They don't stick around here very long."		
"Some of the wiring has been changed."."Could you contact him?".*       *       *       *       * Toward the middle of August the project neared completion.		
Suits" He ran to a supply cupboard and turned the handle.."And Dolores is really" "Your wife is fine," the wall speaker above him said tonelessly.."Look here," Gross said at last.		
"Go on.."We could find that out," Gross said..Winter tugged at the hatch.		
"About all he ever did was walk through the hills..The ship continued on its course, moving away from the moon, leaving it behind.."How terrible!"		
"But all this was your idea."."All right, Kramer.".A lot of this was still mechanical, worked by pressure, temperature, stress.		
"Listen!.Gross said..Kramer closed his eyes and held his breath.		
The heavy features formed..He must have had something planned from the start..Put it through."		
An enormous vague shape was setting slowly down onto the field..The moon had fallen behind them; the ship was heading into outer space..So the Old Man had escaped the cruisers and gotten away.		
Kramer started..We'll be into it in a minute."."What did he say?"		
Or with his ability to control his new body.."What a close call for us..I wish we knew what" "But the order has to be given.		
He paused a moment..Kramer hesitated..There was a leak, and the fluid ignited."		
She frowned..Not to warn youjust curious.".Newspapersweeks on end.		
He went inside..The Church has hidden them for two centuries."."And if I should make a mistake?"		
And this is all you have with which to find him.".Or maybe one of the cops..Colors, sounds, movements filtered through the crystal wire.		
Conger went over to the table, pushing past them..Conger looked at the chocolate.."Can I help you?"		
"The Church?.Probably she was the boy's mistress..Then he turned the wheel, just a little, following the control readings carefully.		
"It feels good," he said.."Good afternoon," she said..When he reached the cage he stopped.		
November fed directly into December; there was no Quartember between.."Old papers..And you can't wait for him to start speaking; that's what we must avoid!		
Inside, the soldiers had already laid out the skeleton on a table.."Let's go.."I think we ought to know more, for our own good."		
*       *       *       *       * As Conger walked, restless, in the night, a form loomed in front of him..Conger moved..There was the neat plastic package.		
What was his name?."Sure.".He was put to death, and his body buried secretly.		
He practiced moving the sight..a man's voice came..I'm staying at the Appleton's place.		
His dress?.There's about sixty of them coming.."I never seen him before."		
The second of December!.Lora Hunt asked..There was only a halfamp to it.		
Would he be one of the townsmen, standing silently at the foot of the field, waiting, watching?.He was looking at Conger..The room leaped around him.		
"I just moved in.."The fountain..The Appletons were along, hanging back in the rear.		
There was no one in sight..We all listen to the police radio; they heard the same way Lora did..The soldiers stood around it, their young faces intense.		
It was good to see it again..Don't lose any part of them.".He walked back behind the counter.		
But we can take a more objective view of war today.."The important thing to remember is that the skull must be saved and brought backfor comparison and proof..Conger shifted, waiting.		
The man's brows knitted..He went quickly out of the room..He brought a thin rod from his waist and turned the handle of it.		
*       *       *       *       * "Hey, mister!."We just have to look out for those Reds..All he had to do was lie low and listen, down at the general store, perhaps.		
This should answer the question once and for all.".Come along down the hall."."Well," he said.		
The air was crisp and bright..It took hold, grew..Only when scientists are in full control can the"        *       *       *       *       * He looked at his watch and then kicked the car door open.		
They say you did something."."Bill didn't like you, but he never likes anything different..The Sheriff took it and shined his flashlight on it.		
At the corner was the soda fountain..Two young kids in a car, a girl and a boy..She was staring.		
"Hello, Lora.".A heater glowed in the corner of the small office.."Did you come alone?"		
The first things he noticed were the newspapers on the stands.."Why, do you come from there?".They say he spoke just once, just one time.		
His heart began to beat heavily..He looked around him..He turned away.		
"Last..And the man beside her..Harris, this garrison is one vast machine.		
"They realized my problems and taught me to become a plant..Bradshaw's image hesitated, the lips twisting..And it was then he noticed her.		
It made the construction problem much simpler, and it also explains why the asteroid has natural air and water..It's a damn small asteroid.."Take you?"		
Once every ten days they have a full period of rest.."I know..Harris looked at his watch.		
It had become the primary checkpoint to halt and examine ships entering the system from outer space.."Are there any inhabitants on the asteroid?.The Garrison is built that way.		
Watts smiled down at Harris.."And the others?.Her coppery body was still wet and glistening with moisture, sparkling in the sun.		
"I don't know," Harris admitted..The rocks ended and the stream bed began again, but this time it was wet, the bottom muddy and overgrown with moss.."You do?		
Harris shifted, suddenly conscious of himself as an intruder..He scrambled to the top finally, blowing and panting, catching his breath..The water was clear and bright, and in motion, flowing in a waterfall at the far end.		
"You see, we have a problem at the Garrison..A slight breeze moved through the ferns, rustling them, but that was all..It's a peculiar business, Doctor.		
What do they do?"."They really believe they're plants..They justjust disappeared.		
He learned it from them, a kind of teaching."."I'll run this first reel for you.."But who ever heard of a man turning into a plant?		
He paused.."I see.".he said, holding his hand out.		
"I knew that would be coming around.."People couldn't live without society.".Robert Bradshaw was a man of fifty, heavyset, with iron grey hair and a square jaw.		
*       *       *       *       * Harris nodded.."Thanks a lot.."Mr. Bradshaw, who are the Pipers?"		
It would be through them that he would find the mysterious Pipers that were stealing the men away, if such really existed..Trees towered up on all sides of him, huge darkgreen trees like eucalyptus.."It sure didn't take you long."		
"Isn't that right?".The Garrison Chief is worried as hell.."About three, Corporal?"		
I can see the pattern, too much load too long..The meadow ended at the bottom of a hill..A strange look had flitted across her dark, small face.		
I think I'll visit him in his quarters.".They have to trade, they have to get minerals and products and new plants."."Yes."		
As yet he had had no luck..He went on..Head of the entire office staff of the Garrison.		
You know as well as I do that's a lot of poppycock..Harris came to the dorm wing and stopped, checking the numbers on the doors..A field attendant was already busy opening the storage compartment of the patrol ship, extracting his trunk.		
They don't want to work, so off they go."."The Pipers?".Is that possible?"		
If you take the supports out the whole building falls..He stopped, raising his hand and knocking..Isn't that true?		
"I hope you don't mind my bothering you.."No.."An express rocket?"		
Henry Harris.".They don't look much like Martians, though.."What kind of people are they?"		
I'm very interested to meet these Pipers.."Who are you?"."That's Ulrich Deutsch.		
Very agile, in their own way..She nodded without speaking..So far he had not met any of the natives.		
Time passed, strange, unchanging time, as he watched the girl.."Maybe you can even help me.".The sky was almost free of clouds and a gentle wind moved through the cedars along the bank of the stream.		
Do you get me, Harris?.He dialed Cox's letter and the Commander's face came presently into focus..The old man strode at quite a clip, around the corner and into a large, wellfurnished apartment.		
