You owe me something, I think; I know you owe something to your name and all that belongs to it..If Margaret had been the scheming girl, aiming at the Ferrers' coronet, which Austin Ambrose at first imagined her, she could not have gone more cleverly to work to secure Lord Blair Leyton..Day laughed cheerily.		
"Are you staying here?".Margaret had never been in love..I like this firelight."		
"Why, Madge, Austin says we ought to be married next month.".Margaret pushed the hair from her white forehead..I hope I haven't been very wicked?"		
She had come to the villa on the understanding that she should give lessons in painting to the princess, but Florence soon showed the futility of such an arrangement.."Shall I tell you?.And he is very silent of late, and very fond of being alone.		
"They?."I'll give any man twenty pounds who will launch a boat and search for her," he cried hoarsely.."Don't be impatient.		
"I know the real from the sham; because we have so many of the latter staying in Florence..You scarcely deigned to listen, and when at last you consented to waste a few minutes in listening to my prayerah!."That depends," she said, "upon what the thing is."		
"I should have paid you a visit before; I have not lost my interest in art, but I have been engaged and indisposed.."Where is Miss Leslie now?"."Going?		
Men and women have short memories..That night, while the rest gathered round her, vying with each other for a word or a smile, the prince kept away from her side..The poor fellow's wounded heart was aching; his strength, mental and physical, broken down by illness and the long, dreary tramp; something suspiciously like tears shone in his eyes, and he raised her hand to his lips in speechless gratitude for her kindness and gentleness.		
A bottle of very fine claret was on the table, and he was sipping this in silent abstraction, when the door burst open, and Lord Blair rushed in..he said..and then" He walked quickly through the wood.		
"Dear, you will never make me an artist," she said; "never, do what you will!.Austin Ambrose laughed and dropped into a chair.."Well, well, what is it?		
If any one had asked her why not, she would have said that she was too busy, and hadn't time.."You should fight against this weakness..Them railways and steam indians have a'most ruined the country."		
For days, through sleepless nights, I set myself to find some way of trapping you, some net which should catch and hold you fast.."Not yet, my lord," said Violet Graham, starting slightly and flushing faintly..she said quietly, but with a trembling quiver on her lips.		
"Dead!.I should like you to know him..Austin Ambrose acquiesced.		
Margaret turned her face away..What will they all say?Lottie Belvoir, for instance.".he said, looking at the fire still.		
"Well, I was going to say thatthatyou must be careful!".There was only one lady that could rush to his mind, and that was Margaret, and he thought, in the flash of the moment, that she had come to meet him.."I don't know why you take so much trouble for me, Austin," he said.		
But are you sure she wishes to see me?it is so unlikely.".So the days wore on..But all that is past, you know; the girl is dead, and Timewhich, so they say, will wipe out anything save an I O Uwill erase her from his memory!"		
but as he spoke his eyes returned to her face.."Leave the room, sir!".I am as one that is dead to the world, and hehe is forgiven."		
"Yes," she breathed, then just touching Blair's hand, she glided past him and fled to her own room.."I don't see the point," he said, looking up at her languidly.."Very well," said Margaret, with a smile, and she ran up and got her folding easel and painting materials.		
"Quite," he said, easily..She is better than an angel!.demanded Blair soothingly, for he began to think that illness and privation had turned poor Lottie's reason.		
"I can maintain it at the sword's point, if necessary," said Blair, rising to his full height, and meeting the prince's deadly gaze with a steady, calm regard..he added as he helped Mrs. Day out of the boat.."People who can't agree are better apart, sir."		
Blair looked at him with a hard smile.."Oh, I am so sorry," said Margaret.."It is not an ignoble dependence," said the stately old man.		
"Poor girl, poor girl!.I say, he was right about the place, though, wasn't he?."Does he wear an amulet warranted to protect him from such eyes as hers, such beauty as hers?"		
he asked..Blair challenged by the prince!.A strange and sudden presentiment had taken possession of her, and she was ashamed of it.		
I was watching our palefaced friend, and if it was sorrow on his face, then I don't know joy when I see it..He held out his arm, and to the mortification of her circle of courtiers, he led her away..How came you to paint it?"		
To be loved is a nice thing, a grand thing, a fact which gilds even the most prosaic life and makes it bright; but to be loved by such a man as Lord Blairso handsome, so brave, so devoted, and so passionately and entirely hers!.TimeTime, the great healerwill close over even so great a wound as yours, and you will be able to speak of her, poor girl.".And your cousin!		
Show a glim of the lantern toward her, but keep it from the shore."."You will excuse me?".With a sigh, she leaned her head on her hand, and tried to think it out, but she could not think.		
she murmured..I saw him miss two points at baccarat last night..Even if I assume that you charge us with cowardice?"		
I want to hear allall that occurred!"."That no one who knows you could be.".My lady is not here, my lord,” she said.		
They struck with the force of a revelation..The lamp was shaded, and Trafford did not recognize him for a moment..He thought of her, not her money; of the girl, not the millionairess, whom he had married to save the great house of which he would some day be the head.		
Lord Selvaine, as he watched him covertly, saw the handsome face grow pale, and the hand that held the wineglass close so tightly that the slender stem snapped in two..He dined at the club, and the two or three men who sat at the same table with him talked of little else but Miss Chetwynde..And all this time people are asking for herwondering where she is.” She almost screamed as she realized the hideous wreck of Esmeralda’s life.		
To put it shortly, Ralda, he is your grandfather’s lawyer.” My grandfather’s?” repeated Esmeralda..Well, I think it would,” he said, candidly..Nothingnothing!” she responded, with a quick little breath.		
If this idea of the drive doesn’t suit you, you will say so, will you not?” Yes,” she said in a low voice; I should like to go.” Would you like to have me with you?” he asked, paying great attention to his plate..The manager was at the counter, and received him with a smile of fellowship and the air of respect which were always unquestioningly and freely accorded to Mr. Varley Howard..You were right to keep your mouth shut in the saloon,” said Varley; and, as you say, we will take a hand in it.		
We didn’t take her, and she ain’t here..They would form a crescent, don’t you see..The schemes of mice and menand even womenhave sometimes an awkward knack of ganging aglee.” It was just possible that Esmeralda had succeeded in explaining away what Lady Ada considered the irrefutable evidence of her guiltmen are such fools where women are concerned!		
The startled man swore and tried to swing his horse aside, but Varley was on him with an impetus too swift and irresistible, and coolly knocked him out of his saddle as the man fired..She’s worse than odious; she’s a witch, and every man who comes within reach of her becomes a perfect fool!.You don’t think I mind?” for Norman still looked uncomfortable.		
I met him at the bend and gave him every penny I had, excepting what you won last night.” The men uttered not a word, but looked at each other and then at Varley..He was right; he had found them together..Something of the charm of her freshness attracted him, as it attracted all who came in contact with her.		
And in his mind’s eye, he saw a greasy Jew lolling in the carved oak chair, with the tattered flags above him, and the faces of the dead and gone Belfayres looking down from the wall at the vulgar usurper..Wait..Well, moneyand a most charming girlare ready to your hand.		
It will be something to have hidden the truth untiluntil after the funeral.” His head drooped..There was not an atom of suspicion in his mind..As he descended, he thought of Norman: he had to deal with him before he left.		
At the same moment, Lady Wyndover’s partner came up to claim her..As it was, Simon came back and followed on my track, and I had to break it short by taking the horse up the stream and going into the wood..Isn’t it a pretty little place, missI beg your ladyship’s pardonmy lady?” said Barker, as she took off Esmeralda’s hat and jacket.		
It seems a lot of fuss about one girl, when there are such heaps here..The place was weirdlooking for all its prettiness, and Esmeralda gazed at it in silence, and with a creepy feeling..It is scarcely necessary to say that she was an English womanor, rather, an Irish woman.		
Esmeralda at lunch recounted her adventure to Lady Wyndover, telling it in the most casual way, and she was much surprised and puzzled when her ladyship almost dropped her knife and fork, and sunk back in her chair with an exclamation of annoyance..I may not marry him,” she said..When did you arrive?” Only a few hours ago,” said Norman.		
Well, that’s no business of ours..My father is very anxious that the wedding should take placehe is very fond of you, as you know, and is looking forward to the day when he can really call you his daughter.” And I am very fond of him,” said Esmeralda..We’ve plenty of gals of our own; in fact, too many, and you’re welcome to some of ’em as I could name.” Varley turned his head over his shoulder.		
In front of the saddle?.Oh, Norman!” she breathed, but why did you come?” I came to clear up this hideous mistake, to take you back,” he said..CHAPTER XL.		
My money made you forget what I was..It shall be exactly as you wish..I hope your lordship hasn’t had bad news.” Yes, I have,” said Norman.		
It has never been any good..She opened her eyes from time to time and looked at the woman, measuring her, as it were, and asking herself whether she was a match for her in strength..All the way here, while you thought I was asleep, I was going over it all, and my eyes were opened, and II understood!		
Oh, Trafford, and so soon!” she wailed..And those policemenwhat are they for?.She might ha’ been, or she might not.		
The party was already beginning to disperse when Esmeralda reentered the drawingroom, and as the guests made their adieus they one and all spoke of the delightful evening they had spent, and congratulated the marchioness upon her brilliant dinnerparty..*       *       *       *       * Norman, like most strong and healthy young men, was a heavy sleeper..Yes.		
You came to me and asked me to be your wife..She opened her lips to laugh, but he went on before the laugh came..She stood in the center of the room, bold upright.		
I’m not used to sitting by and seeing others at work that I can help in.” The woman shook her head..She knew she could trust him, for in all else but in marrying her for her money, she felt that he was the soul of honor, and a promise would be sacred to him..And you are surprisedyou who know what Esmeralda is, who have lived with her like a mother!		
When they reached home they found the duke up and awaiting them; for he rarely left his own apartments until late in the afternoon..And Lady Blankyre is a very dear friend of mine, and will understand..He mixed the thing behind a tree and brought it forward with an air of triumph, and the first man to taste it was the Bishop of Barnstaple, and he sprung up and said something like ‘jam’ or ‘lamb,’ and they had to give him brandy to bring him round.” What was the matter with it?” asked Esmeralda.		
Esmeralda’s heart beat fast and then seemed to stop, but Lady Ada came toward her with a smile and a pleasant, unembarrassed greeting..Let every man mount and meet me on the road,” he said..What do you want with me?” Norman looked round as if he did not desire to be heard.		
You are looking well, Trafford..There she sat, breathing painfully a moment or two, then she struggled to her feet and went slowly upstairs, supporting herself by the balustrade..Her frankly expressed pleasure and delight in all she saw afforded him a singular pleasure; it was as if he were playing cicerone to a child or a schoolgirl.		
They met again that night at a reception, and Trafford spent some time talking with her..It will be quite a love match, will it not?” Esmeralda thought her question over before replying..She knew she was not in a camp, by the intense silence around, and she rightly judged that she had been brought to a hut on one of the deserted claims which were so numerous in the district.		
No, she would not!.For as he walked out of the Marlborough, with his head bent low and his hot eyes fixed on the pavement, Norman turned the corner of St. James’s Street..What is it?		
But I did not..How interested they look,” she said..They must be looking for you.” Perhaps,” she said, listlessly, as she thought that Trafford would be glad that she had gone so noiselessly and quietly.		
We have arrived at last!” And this,” said Lady Wyndover, is Esmeralda?” She looked at this” as if Esmeralda were some curiosity which Mr. Pinchook had been commissioned to procure from some savage land; then she held out her hand and bestowed a kissa careful kiss, because carmine comes off the lipson Esmeralda’s forehead..She recognized the handwriting in a moment, and her face grew hot..I was in the anteroom, and heard you and Lady Adaheard every word!” His head drooped.		
Then she went softly to the duke, and laid her little hand upon his shoulder lovingly.."That's the easiest part, captain," he said..said a smooth voice behind Job.		
Immediately afterward the order was given to crowd all canvas and put the ship about..And every time he lifted his wineglass he looked over the top all down the table."."What is to be done?		
exclaimed Leicester, for it was he, dropping his grasp from the captain's arm and staring in the dim light..Leicester advanced, but Violet passed him and went to kiss Ethel..Bertie's eyes followed Violet as she passed, leaning upon Lord Boisdale's arm.		
Had they seen the whole of that secret drawer business?.If we can persuade Captain Murpoint to accompany us, we will go up to town for a week or two."."What is it?"		
"No?.He struggled hard and furiously to free his arms and mouth, but his unseen assailants were four to one, and, after a few moments, he gave up the ineffectual resistance, and knelt, for he had been forced on to his knees at last, nevertheless glaring impotently round him..I have a wonderful memory for wine and faces.		
While he was speaking, he was cautiously, but fearlessly, lowering himself onto one of the ledges of which he had spoken, and Violet's horrified eyes lost first his legs, then his body, and last of all his goodlooking face, as it disappeared below the edge.."I did not sleep very well last night," said Violet, flushing for a moment as she thought how many hours she had heard the clock strike, and how full those waking hours were of one individual..and he neared the edge.		
You are not a tallow melterandandoh, I do not know what to say, save that I am not guilty of the meanness you lay to my charge.".Goodnight."."It is a fair question," he said, at last, "and I will answer it.		
"Delightful!".It was stamped with the Lackland crest..So saying, he passed through the doorway, outside which, eying the elegant room with a satisfied and comprehensive gaze, stood the grimfaced, sharpeyed "faithful fellow," the captain's servant.		
Goodmorning.".Oh, at that moment how she longed that there might be!.I see him do itI see him and Jem Starling; and I know who killed Jem!		
He glanced at the timepiece significantly..A TRYING INTERVIEW.."A man fell over the cliff," said the captain.		
There was a slight stir behind the curtain, but the speaker did not notice it.."Tell me by return," she wrote, "who and what these Dodsons are, whether they are really as rich as they are supposed to be and if I am right in letting Ethel see so much of the son..The Wave had come in, telegraphed the skipper of the yacht, but Mr. Leicester had not arrived by it.		
I hope you thrashed him.".And he took up his hat..There was reason in the retort, but Leicester disregarded it or willfully misunderstood it.		
"Have you any parchment?."Then he has gone to town," said the captain, springing out of bed and stretching himself thoughtfully..said the captain, dreading that the girl's unusual excitement would result in a fit of hysterics, which would prove eminently inconvenient to him.		
On that day he had aired his grievance among the fishermen, who sympathized with him, and, of course, had aired it in the public house.."Captain Murpoint is invaluable; he is extremely clever, and seems to obtain implicit obedience here."."There you have the advantage of me," said the captain, setting his wineglass down, and looking round at the attentive faces.		
You look tired, my child..There was a large oldfashioned bureau, an iron safe, half a dozen heavy, leatherbacked, oak chairs and some shelves loaded with books.."And where was that?"		
I'll do worse; I'll publish the story and the bet in every club in London!.Violet, who had been listening, with her dark eyes fixed upon the captain's face, drew a long breath..Mine has spoken for the last time."		
All hands on deck!".There's nobody listening, is there?."Nothing nearly concerning the family, I hope?"		
Her name is Mildmay, Violet Mildmay.."Enjoyed it, did you?"."Which he does," said Ethel.		
he muttered, hoarsely..With a thrill of delight he extinguished the flickering flame in the lantern and pushed his way through the bush, taking care to replace the disturbed branches.."Won't ye come in?"		
She sailed in, with all her canvas crowded, looking as unconcerned as a swan on a lake after an April shower, and the crowd burst into a cheer of mingled excitement and admiration..Captain Murpoint possessed the rare art of smiling well..There is to be a crowd at Clare House tonight, and Bertie will see Ethelperhaps speak to her.		
said Lord Fitz.."I will wait until I return."."You shall not marry him, Violet, if you do not love him.		
Lord Fitz feltwell, he never could tell how he felt at their first meeting, though he tried to often afterward.."When I was young enough to cherish such daring ambitions I dreamed that I could make a place for myself in this great struggling, writhing world, a place high enough to satisfy my ambition and feed my hope..Heaven willed it that he should never see England again."		
said Leicester.."The villain," said the captain, with grave displeasure..Tomorrow you shall take that to his office, and then we'll start off to Penruddie.		
Allow me to introduce my friendMr. Wilhelm Smythe, Mr. Bertie Fairfax.".I never see such swag..Do they refuse to run the cargoes?"		
Lady Lackland drew the table to a convenient position, and without rising wrote a note to the earl, who was still in London..The captain made a gesture of assent..she burst forth, with a wail of wounded pride.		
"Not if you call me Lady Boisdale, but I will go anywhere with you if you will call me Ethel."."Where is Ben Bolt?".who is that on the box going with us?"		
The captain passed through, and reached the house..A nice, quiet old boy.."Alarmed, were you, Captain Murpoint?"		
"Have you posted a man at the station?"."I can say that I am taking a midnight stroll and a cigar."."Goodby, my dear boy," said the earl, "goodby; you will find Ethel in the park.		
