As she peered timidly into the shadows between the trees, something swept into the sunlight with a swift whirl of wings: a great parrot which dropped on to a leafy branch and swayed there, a gleaming image of jade and crimson..In general outline it was not unlike a man..Once within, Conan grunted in surprize, and Olivia stifled a scream.		
She shifted uneasily and wished to be gone, but the images held a strange fascination for her companion..The stranger touched the limp body of the youth, and the chains fell away from it..'I haven't done with them yet.		
How strange, to move in fellowship with a barbarian, to be cared for and protected by one of a race, tales of which had frightened her as a child!.Now the blazing eyes of the barbarian glared into the bloodshot eyes of the ape..'Death!'		
Did they follow us?'.Conan bent closer to the sward, where the grass was crushed down here and there..'It's an Hyrkanian galley they've captured.		
Up on the cliff Olivia caught at the boulders for support..His head was shaven except for a scalplock, his mustaches dropped over a rattrap mouth..'Suppose we meet pirates, or a storm?'		
Curses hissed between his clenched teeth as he lustily swung and parried..Sergius was giving back; only his superlative skill had saved him thus far from the blinding speed of the Cimmerian's onslaught..A dreamy quiet lay over the woods that bordered the blue bay.		
'Did you not see them?The statues, moving, lifting their hands, their eyes glaring in the shadows?'.'Human words, I'll swear,' answered Conan; 'but in what tongue I can't say.'.His eyes gleamed like a panther's in the dusk.		
They were not negroes..Do not go back!.I pursued you, lest you come to harm.		
At her shriek Conan shot erect, teeth gleaming, sword lifted..She saw a great hall, whose lofty ceiling was upheld by stone columns marching in even rows along the massive walls..Trees grew thickly along the rim of the plateau east and west of the cliffs, and clung to the precipitous incline.		
Rising to her knees on the soft sward, she screamed at what she saw..'You were not afraid when you came to free me, either,' he answered..Conan strode over to her, and his words electrified her.		
'I saw nothing,' answered the barbarian uneasily..She took it, wincing slightly at the bloodstains upon it, feeling a hint of the dynamic strength that lurked in the barbarian's thews..'And it was he that threw the stone?'		
He looked at the ruins, stared again into the woods below..At him, lads!'.Before sunset we were out of sight of the mainland.'		
How long she lay there, she did not know..Again and again she felt herself lifted lightly off her feet and over some obstacle that would have taxed her strength to surmount, and her wonder grew at the sheer physical power of the man..These features were not cast in the same mold.		
'But the reality was more grisly than the dream..Olivia sensed that it was not so much in defense of Conan that the Corinthian took his stand, but in opposition to Aratus..They reached the northern extremity of the plateau, and stood gazing up the steep pitch of the cliffs.		
They will put me to the torture if they find me beside their dead lord.'.'He's not dead,' answered the Corinthian, rising from beside the prostrate Cimmerian..Was it some trick of the moonlight that touched the eyes of the black figures with fire, so that they glimmered redly in the shadows?		
There Conan halted in some uncertainty, at last selecting a place sheltered by a broad ledge, nowhere near any trees..'Pirates!'.She glanced fleetingly at the figures along the wallswaiting, waiting.		
Then the moonlight burst full upon their faces, and they were speeding up the slope of the plateau..I abode in Shah Amurath's palace, until some weeks agone he rode out with his hosts to do battle with a band of invaders who were ravaging the borders of Turan..'No law?		
Through a broad crevice in the wall stole a beam of moonlight, and the air was instantly supercharged with subtle tension..Conan stared and glared..They may stop for some other reason, in which case we'll have to hide as best we can.		
To me?'.she asked hopelessly..If I don't succeedwell, hide yourself in the rocks until they're gone, for no devils on this island are as cruel as these seawolves.'		
Ha!.The blacks shrank back before him, their eyes slits of fire..As she tore her tender skin and bruised her soft limbs on the rugged boulders over which Conan had so lightly lifted her, she realized again her dependence on the ironthewed barbarian.		
The springy sward gave no sign of footprint..They approached it warily, seeing that moss and lichen crawled over the stones, and the broken roof gaped to the sky..'Here is the grandfather of all parrots.		
Besides, you are softskinned, and used to shelter and dainties..He felt the quick beating of her heart against his breast..About the ruins the others were cutting down trees and securing material for a fire.		
Yet she distinctly felt the glare of hidden eyes, and felt that something animate and sentient was aware of her presence and her hidingplace..Inside were many more; they shifted and mumbled in their besotted dreams, but none awakened as she glided among them..Conan swore.		
he roared..There were only a few about the fire; most of them had gone into the ruins to sleep..From time to time his glance rested inscrutably upon her, and she was aware of it.		
grunted the Cimmerian..'Vilayet is an Hyrkanian pond.'.The drunkards beneath her feet began to stir and groan in their sleep.		
His kinship to the wild was apparent in his every action; it burned in his smoldering eyes..'I am Conan, of Cimmeria,' he grunted..The cords fell from Conan's arms, and taking the dagger from her, he ripped the bonds from his legs with a single quick slash.		
The ratfaced one yelped in triumph and ran to stab the prostrate man, but a lean Corinthian thrust him back..Laying her head in her rounded arms she wept, until distant shouts of ribald revelry roused her to her own danger..Olivia tiptoed after him.		
But at the other end was only a smashed and shattered ruin, half submerged in the shallow water..'They will anchor heresearch the island for us!'.A shuddering gasp swept over the village and men crowded hastily back, jamming one another between the huts.		
'You advised that, but' 'But it's hard for you Hyborians to learn the ways of the outlands,' said Conan..Conan shook his head impatiently..His answer came in the twang of the bowstring, the streaking flight of the arrow that sank to the feathers in his broad breast.		
Balthus mopped his brow with a trembling hand and glanced at Conan..'He thought a friend was speaking to him..whispered Balthus.		
One turned and ran back down the road, but the other lunged over the breastwork, his eyes and teeth gleaming in the dim light, his ax lifted..The deep twanging of the bowstrings rose above the howling..He sprang up and glared wildly about for his companion, expecting to see him overwhelmed by numbers.		
Both were young, the woman little more than a girl..Turning, he walked to a casement and stared silently out over the river, black and shiny under the glint of the stars..A hut wall buckled under the ramlike impact of its flailing tail, disgorging howling people.		
Blinding terror had not submerged all ingrained instincts..No other village within miles of Gwawela..The Cimmerian seemed frozen in his tracks.		
He lifted his head and stared stupidly about him..He licked his lips spasmodically..Lifting his bow he lined the prancing figure, black against the fire, and loosed.		
As in a dream Balthus saw a short throwingspear transfixing the mighty neck, just below the gaping jaws; the shaft protruded from one side, the steel head from the other..'They met the Picts,' answered Balthus briefly, and the woman sobbed in horror..6 Red Axes of the Border Conan did not plunge deeply into the forest.		
As that wild yell rose above the clamor, there was an instant's lull, and then a hundred throats bayed ferocious answer and warriors came leaping to repel the attack presaged by the warning..What new horror would come through that gate to make carrionmeat of his body?.With a scorching oath Conan wheeled and dashed back the way he had come, and the Aquilonian stumbled bewilderedly after him.		
To the east drums muttered and somewhere to north and west other drums answered..Three months ago he hid beside this road and stole a string of packmules from a packtrain bound for the fortdrugged their drivers, somehow..It seemed centuries since he had eaten last.		
Again Balthus recognized the monster from ancient legends..There followed a tense silence in which Balthus felt that his heart could be heard pounding for miles away..'I tried tracking him after he killed Soractus.		
It seemed to the Aquilonian that they had been fighting and running for centuries..We must make for Velitrium..Then fresh horror choked Balthus as the shape heaved up suddenly with a rattle of chains, lifting long misshapen arms in the gloom.		
'Most of them fell at the first volley that raked us from both sides..The forest deepened in the twilight, became a blue haunt of mystery sheltering unguessed things..But he had not gone four when he heard the sounds of a party of men ahead of him.		
Balthus smiled and laid his hand caressingly on the dog's head..'There's nothing in the universe cold steel won't cut,' answered Conan..He excelled them even in lithe economy of motion.		
You mimicked a Pict perfectly' 'We needed his boat,' grunted Conan, not pausing in his exertions..If they'd gone into ambush after we left the bank, I'd have had some hint of it..We took him to the fort and dressed his wounds, but after he recovered he took to the woods and turned wildWhat now, Slasher, are you hunting the men who killed your master?'		
'How do you know they weren't killed by the Picts?'.'Told him to pull into shore; said there was a white forest runner on the bank who was trying to get a shot at him.'.'But not one can tell me how Zogar Sag can call pythons and tigers and leopards out of the wilderness and make them do his bidding.		
'Emissary from Zogar..'You know that most of the army which conquered Conajohara has been withdrawn..demanded Conan.		
She still gripped her ax and Balthus knew that if cornered she would fight with the desperate courage of a shepanther..'A man from the Tauran couldn't mistake the mark of a panther's claws..Conan leaped high, caught, not Balthus' hand but his arm near the shoulder, and swung himself up.		
When Balthus had gone a few rods he heard the animal growl..The swiftfooted Picts would run them down within a mile, unlesshe took his position behind a tangle of fallen logs beside the trail..Besides, remember Gwawela is south of the fort; if the Picts are crossing the river we'd run right into them.'		
The giant snake rolled into a fire, scattering sparks and brands, and the pain lashed it to more frenzied efforts..The yells grew louder as they advanced, and above the devilish screaming they could hear the deep shouts of the soldiers..Howling, cursing, screaming, frantic, they scattered before it, knocking each other down in their flight, trampling the fallen, bursting through the huts.		
Conan laughed grimly..Conan pointed to a creek which flowed into Black River from the east, a few hundred yards below them..Full on the woodsman's breast it struck, and the stake splintered and snapped at the base, crashing to the earth under the impact.		
Balthus retched suddenly..Come on!.Before he could regain his feet Slasher tore his throat out.		
Stones and logs whirled through the air and splintered and sank half a dozen canoes, killing their occupants, and the other boats drew back out of range..He remembered his own people on the Tauran and a moment's giddy sickness swam over him..That's why an attack must come from the west, across Black River.		
'Then we'd better leave the trail!'.He had never heard it spoken more than three or four times in his whole life..Wondering if he had fallen asleep, Balthus reached out and grasped his shoulder.		
The boat's stern began to swing, slightly away from the shore..But more beasts remember in this country than any I've ever seen.'.Screeches of rage rose in the night.		
I'm not going out of my way looking for devils; but I wouldn't step out of my path to let one go by.'.'We never heard them till they were on us..If I'd hidden the body, it would have been returned to the fort as the corpse of Soractus wastied up outside the gate for the men to find in the morning.'		
I don't know..We'll head in the last direction they'll expect us to gowest!'.Something was moving through the deep bushes that fringed the trailsomething that neither walked nor flew, but seemed to glide like a serpent.		
Their lower jaws were painted white, contrasting vividly with their dark faces, and the designs on their muscular breasts differed from any Balthus had ever seen..We can make better time on this trail..And now Tiberias is dead.		
It was his spear I threw into the snake, and that's his ax you're carrying.'.He stood silently facing the dark towers that loomed through the trees, his eyes slits of blue balefire..He saw a head and a pair of gigantic shoulders grow out of the twilight gloom.		
He groped his way down in the blackness, feeling for, but not finding, some other opening in the walls..He had not slain his foe, because he wished to hold the threat of his losing over the heads of his own rebellious subjects..Something whirred above her head and she cowered, even though realizing it was only a bat.		
'What do you mean?'.Her breath came pantingly and she pressed close to her protector..'There was no life in the Abyss, save that which was incorporated in me,' it tolled.		
Shaking his head in bewilderment, Conan passed through the archway into a winding corridor..There was a fleeting concussion, a fierce writhing and intertwining of limbs and bodies, and then Conan sprang clear, every thew quivering from the violence of his efforts; blood started where the grazing fingers had torn the skin..His hand jerked back in instinctive repulsion.		
Her squarecut hair was black as midnight, her only garment a wisp of silk about her supple hips..A broad span of water lay between, but she did not hesitate..He stood for an instant statuelike; then as nothing happened he was moving across the rugs toward an arched doorway when a hanging was drawn aside, revealing a cushioned alcove from which a slender, darkhaired girl regarded him with languid eyes.		
If it were her pursuers, she knew of no better course than to hide on the island..The silence with which her frenzied pleas and protests were received added to her terror as she felt herself being carried through the darkness toward the distant drum which still pulsed and muttered..'It is more through wild animal instinct than through intelligence,' answered Ghaznavi.		
Only the magic of Khosatral Khel has kept them from the walls' She paused, a puzzled look struggling with the sleepiness of her expression..Conan shut it and dropped in place the great bars with which it was furnished..There was no sound of footsteps, but the great dusky form grew more distinct until Conan recognized the figure of a man.		
He wheeled back through the jungle, down the carven stair and across the blue waters to the distant camp at the mouth of the Zaporoska..What human hands could rear such a mammoth pile as now met his eyes, in the few weeks which had elapsed?.What is your name?'		
He knew that he was approaching a point where he could see the mysterious ruins which gave the island its name, and he wondered if he would find the girl hiding among them..On Khosatral's mighty breast it smashed into shreds and splinters..He believed it was the great domed edifice in the center of the city, and it was likely that here dwelt the ruler of the town, to whom a captive woman would doubtless be brought.		
Then run for the cliffs..The man in the boat was a picturesque figure..This was Conan, who had wandered into the armed camps of the kozaks with no other possession than his wits and his sword, and who had carved his way to leadership among them.		
She could not see, but she knew that something was standing beside her in the darkness..'Perhaps it's all a dream..He was sick and dizzy, and blood oozed from his nose.		
So he stood up in the shape and aspect of a man, but his flesh was not flesh, nor the bone, bone, nor blood, blood..It was a small thing that tipped the scalesmerely a shred of silk hanging on a bush that caught his uneasy glance..'We must lure Conan away from the kozaks,' said the counsellor abruptly.		
He did not know whether the giant was plotting new devilries or had been summoned away by that muttering voice, but he wasted no time in conjectures..'You are strong,' she repeated, her voice waning..Crouching on a heap of silk cushions, golden hair streaming over her naked shoulders, eyes blank with terror, was the woman for whom he had dared so much.		
*       *       *       *       * Conan realized with a crawling of his skin that beyond the wall the belling voice had ceased..It did not even shake the giant on his braced legs..He came out into a dim and lofty room of enormous proportions.		
But this time we will take with us, as if by casual chance, your beautiful captive.'.Kill me with your sword before he bursts the door!'.As usual, we will go with a force and encamp outside the castle.		
Then, making one end fast to a merlon, he slid down after her..With a gasp of gratification he scooped it up, and did not linger for further exploration..With renewed caution they glided through the trees.		
I can't remember somethingI have forgottenthere is something I can not understand, but I grow so sleepy when I try to think..Like hunters invading the retreat of the lion, they stole forward under the trees, arrows on string..'The magic Yuetshi blade!		
Octavia sensed that grim peril lurked in those leafy fastnesses..Each scale stood out as distinctly as in real life, and the iridescent colors were vividly reproduced..I had rather catch him descending the stair, where we can feather him with arrows from a safe distance.'		
If he brings a large force, we'll beat a retreat and think up another plot..Ahead of him, among the trees, rose something that his reason told him was not possible..'What is it?'		
The chance for action had transformed him; his eyes blazed, his voice crackled..From that dome the Yuetshi priest emerged alone..It was a human who struggled through the thick reeds, which were taller than a man's head.		
Then he went up the worn steps without hesitation..Flinging down his useless sword, Conan caught up a heavy bench and hurled it with all his power..As she neared the island, she saw that it rose sheer from the water in castlelike cliffs.		
We will wait..He scowled down at her..Jehungir caught his wrist and hissed an oath into his ear.		
The gaze he turned on his fair companion was as admiring and intense as if he had a hundred years to live..It was as if the crumbling lines had grown back into the structures they originally were..Their sawedged crescents cut down the men of Dagon like sheep, and against that unearthly knife the magic of Khosatral was impotent.		
Halting before the great bronzevalved door, Conan caught Octavia by her shoulders and shook her in his intensity..Conan glared at her tensely, expecting her momentarily to start screaming..Her vitality and substantial figure should appeal to him more vividly than would one of the dolllike beauties of your seraglio.'		
'It is that devil Conan; he is even wilder than the kozaks, yet he is crafty as a mountain lion.'.Khosatral was not on the stair, but far below he heard the clang of a metal door..'Are you looking for someone?'		
'I'll do what I can,' he said..Meanwhile the unsuspecting kozak had plunged into the forest..And with such blinding speed did the serpent move that it whipped about and met him in full midair, lapping his limbs and body with half a dozen coils.		
Is this a dream?'.Her scanty silk tunic, girded at the waist, displayed the marvelous contours of her magnificent figure..With a piteous cry she tore away and threw herself on her knees before her implacable master, sobbing incoherently for mercy.		
It was not a clever copy, but the skin of an actual beast..'I must have feasted late last night, I am so sleepy now..Her hands fluttered along the sheer stone, and suddenly they found a depression.		
