Now your help may be very valuable to me..Tell me, on Monday, not Tuesday, Dorcas, but Monday, the day before the tragedy, did anything go wrong with Mrs. Inglethorp’s bell?” Dorcas looked very surprised..We are face to face with an entirely new problem.		
I guarded her from the lot of them, and then a glibtongued scoundrel comes along, and pooh!.Mesdames and messieurs,” said Poirot, bowing as though he were a celebrity about to deliver a lecture, I have asked you to come here all together, for a certain object..Sir Ernest Heavywether, who was famous all over England for the unscrupulous manner in which he bullied witnesses, only asked two questions.		
I mean,” explained Poirot, you are sure it was bolted, and not merely locked?” Oh, I see what you mean..We shall be pinched at first, of course, because, as I once told you, I am in a bit of a hole financially myself..Still, the Johnnies will wait now.” In the general relief at Inglethorp’s approaching departure, we had the most genial breakfast we had experienced since the tragedy.		
Yet that is what it looks like.” Poirot nodded reflectively..I told him, what was true, that I liked him very much, that I hoped to come to like him more, but that I was not in any way what the world calls ‘in love’ with him..What do you think of that?” I scrutinized the fragment.		
And that little curious fact, that possibly paltry little detail that will not tally, we put it here!” He made an extravagant gesture with his hand..My evening was utterly and entirely spoilt by the presence of Dr. Bauerstein..I met him.” John flung the match into an adjacent flower bed, a proceeding which was too much for Poirot’s feelings.		
And you remember nothing at all?.He stretched out his hands..The spacing of the plants, also, is perfect.		
I must say——” But I stopped suddenly..I glanced sideways at him..All the doors had been bolted on the inside.		
She was able to speak in short gasps..Then came the sensation of the day..If I’m not greatly mistaken, he’s got something up his sleeve.		
I shall go round the long way through the woods.” The woods round Styles were very beautiful..But, at lunchtime, there arrived a new piece of evidence—or rather lack of evidence..He seemed somewhat apathetic in the search, as though he expected no great results from it.		
One was to Miss Howard, and one was to Mr. Wells, the lawyer, and the other two I don’t think I remember, sir—oh, yes, one was to Ross’s, the caterers in Tadminster..Do you understand now, monsieur?” No..Started the moment I got the wire.		
I rather resented his not taking me into his confidence, the more so as I could not in the least guess what he was driving at..Most comic!.I remained by the door, fearing to obliterate any clues.		
She nodded..I will put down my little case until I need it.” He did so, on the round table by the window, but it was an illadvised proceeding; for, the top of it being loose, it tilted up, and precipitated the despatchcase on the floor..She could not be implicated—otherwise I should have heard some hint of it.		
Of the intervening weeks I will say little, but my admiration and sympathy went out unfeignedly to Mary Cavendish..Miss Howard,” I explained..This employment requires precision of the fingers.		
She was very generous, but she always wanted a return..She was very pale, but smiling..Listen.” And I then told him of the cocoa sample which Poirot had taken to be analysed.		
I am sorry for that,” he said..There was the faintest pause, the mere hesitation of a moment, before she answered: Yes, that is so.” And the boudoir window was open, was it not?” Surely her face grew a little paler as she answered: Yes.” Then you cannot have failed to hear the voices inside, especially as they were raised in anger..Everything matters.” I know.		
Isn’t he coming back today?” I don’t know..Poor dear lady..Poirot switched off on another tack.		
It was really almost like a conjuring trick..Well, my friend, you have seen the fingermarks—it remains to tell you the particular object on which they had been left.” Go on—I am really excited.” Eh bien! Photo No..Now Inglethorp’s out of the way, there’s no one else; no one, I mean, except—one of us.” Yes, indeed, that was nightmare enough for any man!		
Is it not customary for anyone purchasing poison to sign a book?” Yes, sir, Mr. Inglethorp did so.” Have you got the book here?” Yes, sir.” It was produced; and, with a few words of stern censure, the Coroner dismissed the wretched Mr. Mace..I believe I’ve only seen your hand shake once.” On an occasion when I was enraged, without doubt,” observed Poirot, with great placidity..DR. BAUERSTEIN I had had no opportunity as yet of passing on Poirot’s message to Lawrence.		
She was an old lady, and might possibly have forgotten the former one; or—this seemed to him more likely—she may have had an idea that it was revoked by her marriage, as there had been some conversation on the subject..Surely the whole thing is clear as daylight..And little Cynthia?		
Yes, a good deal that was peculiar came out today,” continued Poirot..I shall never forget the night he came down as the Char of Persia, I think he called it—a sort of Eastern King it was..Is it possible that she could have swallowed the poison by accident?” asked the Coroner.		
I understand,” continued the Coroner deliberately, that you were sitting reading on the bench just outside the long window of the boudoir..An expression gathered there that I can only describe as half puzzled, and half relieved..Further questioned, he described his awakening in the early hours of the morning, and the circumstances of his mother’s death.		
The Coroner, however, passed briskly to the next point, and Poirot drew a deep breath of relief..Screaming headlines in every paper in the country—damn all journalists, I say!.I was not surprised.		
I have drawn certain conclusions—yes.” Summerhaye was still looking rather sceptical, but Japp continued his scrutiny of Poirot..There was therefore no means of destroying a thick document such as a will..Mary”—his voice was very quiet now—are you in love with this fellow Bauerstein?” She hesitated, and suddenly there swept across her face a strange expression, old as the hills, yet with something eternally young about it.		
He held his cap in his hands, twisting it very carefully round and round..It seems incredible that a woman like Mrs. Cavendish, proud and reticent to the last degree, should interfere so violently in what was certainly not her affair.” Precisely..Cavendish, and Mademoiselle Cynthia.” Yes, that is so.” I felt an inexpressible lightening of the heart.		
I can’t feel as you do, Lawrence,” he said at last..Oh, clever as the devil!.I would like to ask you one question.		
He has lived by his wits as the saying goes..But Lawrence never speaks to me if he can help it, and Mary can hardly bring herself to be civil to me..But the flesh is weak, it is consolation to find that one is on the right track.		
Was this the monstrous possibility that Evelyn had tried not to believe?.Good heavens, Poirot!” I cried..Don’t you understand?		
Poirot smiled..Had Mrs. Inglethorp discovered something between her and Bauerstein, and threatened to tell her husband?.She stepped out with head erect, the sun flashing on the silver threads in her hair.		
Can you suggest any explanation?".For a moment the magistrate hesitated, baffled..Perhaps you remember.		
It is heartrending to see her..Françoise was there..She knew that she had committed a grave fault in not denouncing Conneau to the law, but she declared in a broken voice that that was a thing no woman could have done.		
We moved it from the scene of the crime just before you arrived, as the photographers had done with it.".It is infamous.".I suffer horribly, I am nearly mad.		
His crestfallen manner seemed to delight the other.."I told you that I was staying at the Hôtel du Phare, but of course really I made a bee line back to Calais, and then on to England by the first boat.."And the assumption is, M. le juge?"		
"I fear not.."I hope, madame," began M. Hautet, "that it will not distress you unduly to relate to us what occurred last night?".The nails were broken and discoloured, and the skin was hard.		
"But you observe it now?".Then he replied evasively: "Suspicion is in the air at present, mademoiselle."."Well, Giraud will sing small now," I observed hastily, to lead the conversation away from my own shortcomings.		
He had caught up my little dagger paperknife from the dressingtable and was holding it with the point just over his heart.."Did he ever say anything at all about a secret?".Then there is the gardenerhe has been here many years.		
Capital....I asked, with a smile.		
"English?".Are all our troubles over.".Now, Françoise, in this matter of the front door, whose business was it to fasten it at night?"		
I repudiate nothing..Now as to means..On Thursday morning, she was once more in Merlinville.		
Have they given you a season ticket to and fro, on the strength of your M.P.?".For it was my friend of the train, Cinderella!.There was evidently going to be no love lost between the examining magistrate and the detective in charge of the case.		
"What should he do that for?.His face, which had flushed during the perusal of the letter, was now deadly white..Can I see it?		
"I will," I said, with perhaps rather unnecessary empressement..That Madame Daubreuil she is a bad one!.Last night?"		
"I agree with you, mon ami..We must go there at once!".For whom will a woman lie?		
Why?.He was in the Air Force during the War..In any case he knew this apparent second murder would greatly complicate the case.		
What is there to fearnow?".But all the same, is it not so, the heart suffers, monsieur?."The moral of that is, always look under the mats!		
"Therefore we will assume that he is alive.".When I realized that this girl must have taken the dagger, I warned you.."At any rate," I remarked, "you will have one bee less in your bonnet now."		
Giraud shook his head.."There is really absurdly little evidence against him.."But yes, it is better so.		
..It was addressed in a long, sloping, foreign hand, and the writing was decidedly a woman's..They were a splendid looking couple, the dark, wellknit boy, and the fair young goddess.		
"Come now, don't rub it in.."And what are you doing here, M..I cried.		
It was certainly hot.."And none of his clothing is marked.."Then why bury it?"		
No, it was the time that was slipping by, and for some reason time was precious.".I regret infinitely to derange you, but you will perhaps understand that the atmosphere of the Villa is not too congenial to me.."Oh, it's all right," I said, mollified by the apology.		
Do we not go to the hotel?.Then there is another person who, I should judge, is exceedingly likely to have such a thing in her keeping.".Though its significance escapes you, be sure that it is significant."		
Denise wished to make herself interesting, voilà tout!.And there had been no previous correspondence on the matter?"."My dear M. Giraud," cried the commissary.		
"It is puzzling, I admit, but perhaps we shall find some explanation later..The circumstances of the crime were quite different in her case..I said no word as we walked along the street.		
I am sure of it..They can't see us from the house, can they?".One would say that she suspected nothing.		
She took her hand away and looked down at the dead man..He led her across, and then, standing suddenly aside..They may have fallen out among themselves."		
"Duveen?".Let’s go round to the scene of the crime..The light died out of Mrs. Vandemeyer’s eyes.		
But there it is, she can tell you nothing.” But why, man?.I dare say we were a couple of young fools to take on such a job..But it has, you know, really it has.” He smiled again in his tired way, and continued reflectively.		
I was beautiful, you seevery beautiful” You are still,” said Tuppence with admiration..But I soon altered my mind..She thought a minute or two, then tapped Albert on the shoulder.		
If you’ll help me, I’ll take you away from the lot of them..He nodded as though she had answered..Ask for Mr. Hersheimmer, and when you get him tell him to get Sir James and come on at once, as Mrs. Vandemeyer is trying to hook it.		
But I thought maybe it was her back history you were after, and that you’d know where she was now?” Well, we wouldn’t mind hearing her back history,” said Tuppence guardedly..Stew?.There’s nobody to put Mr. Brown wise.” The lawyer shrugged his shoulders.		
Look there..‘What’s he doing down here?.Julius nodded gravely.		
Child’s play to the masculine mind.” I don’t mind admitting that for once you’ve scored handsomely..He’sah!” With a shriek of terror she sprang to her feet..Ready Rita they call her in the States.” Ready Rita,” repeated Albert deliriously.		
He rang up the Ritz and asked for Julius Hersheimmer..And I‘ll look after you,” retorted Tuppence, resenting the manly assertion..I think Mrs. Vandemeyer’s boudoir would be the most comfortable,” she said at last, and led the way there.		
Sure thing.” Tommy nodded..His voice was very ordinary and quiet, but somehow, I don’t know why, he scared me worse than the woman..Somehow, with the coming of the light, the dreads and fancies of the past night seemed absurd.		
(You see, I can do it too.).The immediate result of this setback was to effect a rapprochement between Julius Hersheimmer and the Young Adventurers..It isn’t worth it.		
It would do you no harm to do a little brain work too.” My union, Tuppence, my union!.There was a strange gleam in her electricblue eyes..Now and then she nodded, and sometimes she’d shake her head, as though she were answering questions.		
She’s a hostage, that’s what she is..What’s the best place to stay at for the night round here?” Mrs. Sweeny looked doubtful..Vandemeyer came round the screen at once.		
What have you been doing?” For a moment, Tommy stared at him..So far it was all plain sailing..Come on, Julius.		
Won’t you save her from their clutches?” You mean Jane Finn?” Yes.” It is her you came here to look for?.You shall not lose your lives because of me..Dr. Hall turned an appealing face to Sir James, who smiled slightly.		
We never know..Mr. Carter must be warned..It was so exactly what one expected that it gave the effect of being beautifully staged.		
Inever heard of her!” You’re a darned liar!.I’ve got it!.Mrs. Vandemeyer passed her tongue over her dried lips.		
It gave her a dreadful sense of kinship to the woman fronting her..I don’t understand..There’s no humbug about her.		
Sir James spoke first..CHAPTER XXII..She had arranged before leaving the Ritz to have all letters or messages sent on at once by special messenger to a small stationer’s shop near at hand where Albert was to call in frequently.		
When I begin to sing, watch that window.” He retreated hastily to a position on the main drive, and began in a deep roar, coupled with an unsteady gait, the following ditty:           I am a Soldier           A jolly British Soldier;           You can see that I’m a Soldier by my feet.....Look!.I rather wish that fellow would come along,” said Julius.		
It’s a hundred to one against its being there!.‘So our young friend is coming round again..If she had we’d probably never have traced her.		
Now, shorn of its glamour, it seemed to be turning to grim reality..Mrs. Sweeny’s got the key if you want to go over itnext to the post office.” Tommy thanked him..After the torpedo struck the ship, in the few moments during the launching of the boats, Danvers was seen speaking to a young American girl.		
It had.’ Then he went on to tell me something I didn’t know..You are sure that you did not in any way disclose your identity?” Tommy shook his head..Here’s your ticket.		
If so, you’re wrong..As regards Annette he could do nothing..He looked back with his kindly, shrewd glance.		
A very urgent message arrived from Mrs. Vandemeyer..Danvers,” he murmured..I had been studying French, and my teacher said they were wanting help in a hospital in Paris, so I wrote and offered my services, and they were accepted.		
I’ve always jumped on sentimentand here I am being more sentimental than anybody..The square was deserted..It was after that that Tommy proposed to give them a surprise.		
They bowed before it..You have tied him up well, hein? He is like a trussed chicken!” The frank amusement in her tone jarred on the boy; but at that moment, to his amazement, he felt her hand running lightly over his bonds, and something small and cold was pressed into the palm of his hand..Will you step this way?” He ushered them into a room at the back of the house, furnished as a library.		
They are quite right to keep you here.” They’re a bad lot, Annette..I don’t feel anythingnosay, what’s this?.The other hesitated.		
THE next day passed slowly..The American had announced his immediate departure, there would be no fear of running up against him..Can you describe him at all?” I really didn’t notice.		
