It will mean a captaincy for me at least..Barney recognized it as the voice of his captor..Barney and the girl remounted and the little cavalcade moved forward through the ballium and the great gate into the court beyond.		
Behind him Barney heard one of the men in the other bed move..He walked directly past the doorway to the end of the building..At sight of the American the king gave a muffled cry of relief, and then Barney was upon those who held him.		
A shadow among the trees had moved!."I believe the men fight better when they think their king is watching them," said the American simply..The man returned the salutation with a slight inclination of his head.		
Turning once more to her flight the girl rode rapidly across the fields toward the wood..Then he cautiously slipped the catch that held the panel in place and slowly opened the door until a narrow line of lesser darkness showed from without..The speaker was in the motor car.		
For a moment he stood contemplating the baffling window.."You may remove the prisoner," he directed..Both turned in astonishment to see the figure of a man leap into the room, carrying the shattered crystal and the casement with him.		
With a signal to the major commanding the squadron of Royal Horse, he moved eastward into the wood..He was running without lights along an unknown way; and beside him was the most precious burden that Barney Custer might ever expect to carry..Barney pushed the girl to her knees behind a bush.		
Whatever happens you mustn't be caught.".The king started up upon his elbow, his eyes wild with apprehension.."Put your hands behind your back."		
Von der Tann smiled as he replied.."You seem to have found a way, Leopold," she whispered, pressing his arm close to her..For the first time Maenck and the others saw who it was that had interrupted them.		
"I can never forgive you," she cried, "for not being the king, for I am betrothed to himand I love you!".It was a large setting turned inward upon the third finger of the left hand..His mind has been prepared to receive almost gratefully any insinuations against the loyalty of Von der Tann.		
"I cannot understand what has happened, even now, your majesty," the old man was saying..When Barney and his escort reached the apartments that had been occupied by the king of Lutha before his escape, Butzow and the soldiers left him in company with Dr. Stein and an old servant, whom the doctor introduced as his new personal attendant..Slowly the little cavalcade rode down from the castle of Blentz toward the village.		
So they saw the king, only to meet a stubborn refusal upon the part of Leopold to accede to their suggestions..For a week Barney Custer wandered through the woods and mountains of Lutha..The young man saluted them pleasantly, asking the direction to the Old Forest.		
"You humiliated me, and you shall suffer for it.".The king did as he was bid, and Barney slipped the two baubles upon his fingers..The act was obviously intentional.		
If the sergeant or the lieutenant were here they would know what to do; but they are both at the castleonly two other soldiers are at the gates with me..Upon the other side the American expected possible difficulty with the Luthanian customs officer, but to his surprise he found the little building deserted, and none to bar his way..She had seen that escape for the moment was impossible, and so had decided to bide her time until a more propitious chance should come.		
An hour from Lustadt the road wound through a dense forest, whose pleasant shade was a grateful relief to both horse and rider from the hot sun beneath which they had been journeying the greater part of the morning..They could feel it tighten beneath the girl's arms..On the foot of the bed he found some garments.		
"I think not," sneered Prince Peter, "especially when I tell you that if you do not accede to my wishes the order of the Austrian military court that sentenced you to death at Burgova will be carried out in the morning."."I got the king into this mess and I must get him out," he said..As silently as possible he ran the machine into the driveway.		
From beneath the bonnet, as though in answer to her statement, came a sickly, sucking sputter..For a moment he paused in the shadows of the alley listening.."Denounce him!"		
They were pleasant visions, made doubly alluring by the thought that the realities of them might never again be for him..There were murmurs of: "It is not the king," and "Who is this new impostor?".Dark also was her hair, which was piled in great heaps upon her finely shaped head.		
A moment later the second rider came to a stop at the same point at which the first had reined in..On the contrary, I find that I am proud to have served in the retinue of such an impostor as you, for you upheld the prestige of the house of Rubinroth upon the battlefield, and though you might have had a crown, you refused it and brought the true king into his own.".In it Barney saw his image.		
With an angry oath Maenck directed one of his men to remain and help the two who had plunged over the brink, then with the others he rode along the gully searching for a crossing..One of them was the royal ring of the kings of Lutha..The fellow turned and shouted to Maenck: "The king is with her."		
"That's what Herman tells him," replied Yellow Franz.."If you don't hurry," he added, "someone may interrupt us, and you know what the result would beto you."."As for my familiarity with your appearance, you know as well as I that I have never seen you before.		
She ignored his request..He did not seem to be the same man that had whined and growled at their last audience a week before.."But, your majesty," exclaimed the officer, "why is it necessary that you leave thus surreptitiously?		
He told me that he was a servant of the house of Von der Tann.".Already the officer had seen him..Stein?"		
In the moment that the enemy made their first determined stand a bullet brought down the great bay upon which Barney rode..I hoped that you would be sensible and accept my advances of friendship voluntarily," and he emphasized the word "voluntarily," "but" He shrugged his shoulders..There was something in his expression that she had never seen there before.		
One man had heard the king's chamberlain report to Prince von der Tann that the master of ceremonies had found the king's apartments vacant when he had gone to urge the monarch to hasten his preparations for the coronation.."To demonstrate to the people," continued the officer, "that Prince Ludwig and Peter are good friends, the great Von der Tann will attend the coronation, but that he takes little stock in the sincerity of the Prince of Blentz would be apparent could the latter have a peep beneath the cloaks and look into the loyal hearts of the men of Tann who rode down to Lustadt today.".Am I correctly informed?"		
How the cavalry that the king sent north toward Blentz met the advancing Austrian army..Upon her haughty, highbred face there was no sign of the emotions which ran riot within her fair bosom.."I have discovered too many enemies in Austria tonight to make it safe for me to remain," he replied, "and, further, my original intention was to report the war from the Serbian side."		
Then he turned toward the girl again..They thought it odd that the king should hold his dignity in so low esteem, but that he was king they never doubted, attributing his denials to a disposition to deceive them, and rob them of the "king's ransom" they had already commenced to consider as their own..His judgment told him that the king's suggestion was a wise one; but he was sorry and ashamed that it had come from Leopold.		
In this the governor of Blentz is well within his authority, and I must obey him."."I did my best," came another voice that caused Barney's eyes to go wide in astonishment, for it was none other than the voice of Maenck himself..Before them were Peter of Blentz and Von Coblich standing beside a table at which Leopold of Lutha was sitting.		
Leopold, King of Lutha, trembling in the face of death!.With the force of an avalanche the Royal Horse rode through those two batteries of field artillery; and in the thick of the fight that followed rode the American, a smile upon his face, for in his ears rang the wild shouts of his troopers: "For the king!.I did not know for certain that Dian was there; but I surmised as much.		
But Hooja had drawn closer in toward shore than we, so it looked as if he might head us off before we could land..I took a step toward her, my arms outstretched.."I have told you that before, but you would not believe me.		
I was alone..For that there was cause for great rejoicing..Grgrgr was standing beside me when the last of the cave men disappeared in rapid flight down the valley.		
She was useless..It was he whom we sought; but at its foot no river wound down toward any sea..One after another, following closely upon one another's heels, came fifty of the trim, graceful vessels.		
Could I but have had my lost expressgun in my hands at that moment!.We made our way steadily down the rim of the beautiful river which flows the length of the island, coming at last to a wood rather denser than any that I had before encountered in this country.."They tell us that we are upon the right trail and not wandering far in the wrong direction.		
He was coming down for breakfast..It was well for me that this was true..The hot rays of the noonday sun did a great deal toward raising my spirits, and dispelling the mental gloom in which I had been shrouded almost continually since entering the Land of Awful Shadow.		
Were there fardistant lands of which none of my people had ever heard, where a race had so greatly outstripped all other races of this inner world?.My masters did not seem to realize my perfidy..At last there were but ten boatloads left.		
He never would get anywhere without a balancewheelwithout some one to direct his energies..Toward this I made my way..For the life of me I couldn't see how both of us could escape.		
But we had no intention of sitting idle while our fate overtook us, so we bent to our paddles and, keeping parallel with the coast, did our best to pull away from our pursuers..I questioned Juag upon the feasibility of attempting to cross to the mouth of the great river of which he had told me, and up which he said we might paddle almost to Sari; but he urged me not to attempt it, since we had but a single paddle and no water or food..But let a tiger gaze fixedly at you from ambush, and unless your primitive instincts are completely calloused you will presently commence to glance furtively about and be filled with vague, unreasoning terror.		
CHAPTER VII FROM PLIGHT TO PLIGHT I have never been much of a runner; I hate running.."Go back now to your people," I counseled them, "and tell them that you have seen David I, Emperor of the Federated Kingdoms of Pellucidar, and that singlehanded he has overcome you, just as he intends overcoming the Mahars and the Sagoths and any other peoples of Pellucidar who threaten the peace and welfare of his empire.".It was still a long way off, and we couldn't make out whether it was island or mainland; but at least it was land.		
He was having a most exciting time.."At least he can direct us upon the right direction toward Sari.".A feeling of loneliness overwhelmed me.		
"Recently has another reason come..I could see its mountains and valleys, oceans, lakes, and rivers, its broad, grassy plains and dense forests..They may be a people of whom we have never even heard, and if so we can ask them to help usif they know the way to the mainland."		
Again I tried to dissuade him, but he was simply crazy over the psychological effect which the appearance of this strange and mighty craft would have upon the natives of Pellucidar..We had stuck the ends of some of the saplings into the ground in the building of our shelter, first stripping the leaves and branches from them, and when we awoke we found that many of them had thrust forth sprouts..Nor were these all.		
"Set me free," I replied quickly..He would fiddle around manufacturing gunpowder and trying to improve upon it until some one blew him up with his own invention.."You told me of great canoes which moved across the water without paddles, and which spat death from holes in their sides.		
We planned much, rebuilding all our shattered aircastles; but above all we planned most to find Dian..She was halfway down the cliff and progressing finely..He had to smile at that; but in extenuation of his act he assured me that it was quite customary for prime ministers to give their personal attention to the building of imperial navies; "and this," he said, "is the imperial navy of his Serene Highness, David I, Emperor of the Federated Kingdoms of Pellucidar."		
The location of Anoroc, the Mountains of the Clouds, the river, and the strip of seacoast were all familiar to him..It was a critical moment.."Presently a little hole appeared in the wall at the point from which the voice had come.		
With the impact with the water the hyaenodon released his hold upon my shoulder..There would his body be preserved in its icy sepulcher for countless ages, until on some far distant day the slowmoving river of ice had wound its snaillike way down to the warmer level, there to disgorge its grisly evidence of grim tragedy, and what in that far future age, might mean baffling mystery..One of the nooses dropped to my ankles and was jerked up with a suddenness that brought me to my face upon the ground.		
"He has stolen my mate and I have come here to take her away from him and punish Hooja.".With the secret of artificial propagation once more in their hands their numbers would soon be made so to overrun the world of Pellucidar that there could be no hope for the eventual supremacy of the human race, the cause for which I so devoutly hoped, for which I had consecrated my life, and for which I was not willing to give my life..In that case my end would be no more certain, though infinitely more horrible and painful, for in the pits I should be subjected to cruel vivisection.		
But as the Thurian came Raja loosened his hold upon the lidi and dashed for him, with the female close after..I was surprised to discover that gratitude was a characteristic of the dominant race of Pellucidar..We know nothing of such things."		
When finally the female ceased to struggle and rolled over on her back, her forepaws limply folded, I was sure that she was dead..Juag was still running in plain sight ahead of the bull..There seemed but one thing to do; that was to keep on sailing straight before the windsince we could travel most rapidly along that courseuntil we sighted land of some description.		
They buried their talons in his back and lifted him bodily from the arena as if he had been a chicken in the clutches of a hawk..There is a certain unwritten law of the arena that vouchsafes freedom and immunity to the victor, be he beast or human beingboth of whom, by the way, are all the same to the Mahar..But the felucca pursued them relentlessly, her crew firing at will.		
As Raja came close I caught him by the neck and pulled him up to me..And so we walked on together toward ThuriaI talking to the beast at my side, and he seeming to enjoy my company no less than I enjoyed his..We are going back to look for it now."		
When he was opposite me I sprang for the heavy mane that covered his huge neck..The going was easy by comparison with the awful obstacles we had had to encounter upon the opposite side of the divide..he asked.		
The "firingline" of the brutemen wielded no weapon other than their long fiber nooses..Yet I think that we gave a good account of ourselves in our final effort to escape..Before we halted to eat or rest, we stood beside a little mountain brook beneath the wondrous trees of the primeval forest in an atmosphere of warmth and comfort.		
"What could the men of Pellucidar do without you to lead them?.But eventually she tolerated Juag as she had Dian and me, and the five of us set out toward the coast, for Juag had just completed his labors on the thag when we arrived..There I saw the huge imprints of a lidi's feet.		
Thus was it with me then..How can he reward you?".We might even use them later ourselves in this same capacity.		
"Why did you kill them?".I laid my hand upon his head..They were marching across our front.		
What are you, and what strange thing is that which flutters from the little tree in the front of your canoe?".It was a nasty place to land, and I realized now why it was not used by the natives; but at last I managed, after a good wetting, to beach my canoe and scale the cliffs..When I glanced over my shoulder I could see that the archers had already fitted arrows to their bows in readiness to fire upon us the moment that they should draw within range.		
With it came I, David, Emperor of Pellucidar..It would be well, Bwana, to kill the other.".The Killer had determined to come back to the place where he had seen the white girl who took to the trees with the ability of long habitude.		
"There are the great apes," he said.."Good night!".Little Meriem still played with Geeka, lavishing all her childish love upon the now almost hopeless ruin of what had never, even in its palmiest days, possessed even a slight degree of loveliness.		
Quickly she ran from her hiding place and dropped to the ground.."Yes," he said, nervously, "we must get away from here at once..But Jack was obdurate.		
Morison..Occasionally Akut brought him juicy fruits which helped to slake his thirst and allay his fever, and little by little his powerful constitution overcame the effects of the spear thrusts..Suddenly a broad grin overspread his face, for a turn of the girl's body had revealed Geeka of the ivory head and the rat skin torsoGeeka of the splinter limbs and the disreputable appearance.		
To them he explained his plans and the rich reward that they would win from him if they carried his designs to a successful conclusion..There is plenty of time..Remorse for a scurvy act, and an honorable desire to right the wrong he had done the woman he now knew he really loved had excited these germs to rapid growth in Morison Baynesand the metamorphosis had taken place.		
Today Meriem was squatting at the foot of a large tree which grew inside the palisade close to the edge of the village..Korak turned to give battle..The look of a beast was on his face.		
They knew, as Meriem did not, that the man had no intention of marrying her, else he would have come directly to Bwana, knowing full well that no objection would be interposed if Meriem really cared for him..His light pajamas had been but little protection from the chill dampness of the jungle, and only that side of him which was pressed against the warm body of his shaggy companion approximated to comfort..Again the kid struggled to be free.		
He'd be sure to catch us."."You are warm," she said..His eyes narrowed wickedly when they had appraised the newcomers.		
How could one not love her?.But Malbihn was no weakling..He was followed by othersboth bulls and females with young, until two score hairy monsters stood glaring at the three.		
With painstaking care he aimed at the target upon the shore from which he now was drifting with the current..His antagonist paused only for sufficient time to permit him to recount for the edification of the audience and the confounding of Korak a brief resume of his former victories, of his prowess, and of what he was about to do to this puny Tarmangani..So impetuous was the attack of the manape that he found his hold before the anthropoid could prevent hima savage hold, with strong jaws closed upon a pulsing jugular, and there he clung, with closed eyes, while his fingers sought another hold upon the shaggy throat.		
Akut shrieked in terror and amazement..came an answering cry, subdued by fear of alarming her captors, and half stifled by a sob of joyful welcome..Presently he began to pace back and forth before his tent.		
As he disappeared from view Tantor, his eyes still fixed upon Malbihn, took a step nearer the man..He would attract her attention, and reassure her by a smiling greeting from a greater distance..He hoped that he could come upon them before he found a trading post upon the coast.		
Chapter 12 Two tall, bearded white men moved cautiously through the jungle from their camp beside a wide river.."I'd been sitting in the garden," replied the trader, "after leaving Jervis' quarters..They brought him neither food nor drink.		
I wish, Geeka, that I were dead..A light spear and a long knife were her weapons of offense or defense..Who could have tethered this poor little beast as a lure to Numa?		
Kovudoo made no mention of his prisoner and from his generous offers of guides and presents seemed anxious to assure himself of the speedy departure of his guests..He was much disappointed.."But suppose she won't come?"		
The pelt of a leopard covered the nakedness of the youth; but the wearing of it had not been dictated by any prompting of modesty..Malbihn remained scowling and angry..His misses at so short a distance were practically nonexistent, nor would he have missed this time but for an accident occurring at the very instant that his finger tightened upon the triggeran accident to which Meriem owed her lifethe providential presence of a waterlogged tree trunk, one end of which was embedded in the mud of the river bottom and the other end of which floated just beneath the surface where the prow of Malbihn's canoe ran upon it as he fired.		
Morison Baynes did not fully realize the change that had taken place within him..The Hon..she cried, throwing back her head as she called the words to him across the little distance which separated themthrowing back her head and revealing her face for the first time to the eyes of The Killer in the tree above.		
asked the Hon..Morison drew rein..There was play in which Geeka was naughty; but the little mother never punished.		
Stumbling along the tangled trail of those ahead a dozen heavily laden blacks who, from fatigue or sickness, had dropped behind were being prodded by the black soldiers of the rear guard, kicked when they fell, and then roughly jerked to their feet and hustled onward..They cared not if she had the face of a marmoset, or the figure of potbellied Kovudoo himself..A moment later he reached out and clutched a leafy limb.		
A tilt of the head as she emphasized some maternal admonition to the passive Geeka revealed occasionally a rounded cheek or a piquant little chin..With a start the child glanced quickly up over her shoulder.."And if he is not innocent?"		
It is true that her ambitions were rather nebulous in form, consisting chiefly of a desire to escape with Geeka to some remote and unknown spot where there were no Sheiks, no Mabunuswhere El Adrea could find no entrance, and where she might play all day surrounded only by flowers and birds and the harmless little monkeys playing in the tree tops..Upon a great branch where Meriem often swung at indolent ease he saw Geeka propped against the tree's great bole.."Then rise and go back among your people," said Korak.		
"Would you like to have us take you away from here?".Something had happened to Korak..Another shining band of metal for Meriem's ankle?		
In the other were too many untried elements..He opened the mouth of the purse and let a handful of the contents trickle into the palm of his right handall were pieces of good French gold..growled Captain Armand Jacot, "before I kick you out."		
When the two had left them Meriem turned toward My Dear..Korak became hungry and thirsty..The look sent a shudder through her.		
Meriem pressed her hand above her heart as she stifled a sigh, and as she did so she felt the hard outlines of the photograph she had hidden there as she slunk from Malbihn's tent..Korak jerked his head in the direction of the little girl in the tree..He, too, was growling.		
Morison always shone to advantage in these narratives Meriem saw in that fact but a most natural consequence to his presence upon the scene of his storywherever Morison might be he must be a hero; so thought the girl..The youth struck viciously at the brute with his long spear; but, long accustomed to dodging blows, the wily creature made a most uncertain target..Finding that the night damp and chill caused her discomfort and even suffering, Korak constructed a tight little shelter high among the swaying branches of a giant tree.		
The sight of the civilized girl and the dapper, khaki clad Englishman had aroused in Korak memories long dormant..Meriem, walking slowly, approached the bush behind which the waiter lay..I, for one, will come with you to the village of the Gomangani of the low places.		
He wanted to talk to her alone and far enough away so should she take offense at his purposed suggestion he would have time in which to attempt to right himself in her eyes before they reached home..Nature must accomplish the rest unaided or Korak must die..And so the days passed, and with the traveling and the hunting and the climbing the boy's muscles developed and his agility increased until even phlegmatic Akut marvelled at the prowess of his pupil.		
