Their diet was this: O' Sundays they stuffed their puddings with puddings, chitterlings, links, Bologna sausages, forcedmeats, liverings, hogs' haslets, young quails, and teals..His forehead was graced with pointed horns, above which he wore a fine crown or garland of vineleaves and grapes, and a mitre of crimson velvet, having also gilt buskins on..returned Panurge.		
When we came to the royal palace we had audience of her highness the Queen of Lanternland, being introduced by two lanterns of honour, that of Aristophanes and that of Cleanthes (Motteux adds here'Mistresses of the ceremonies.')..You need not ask whether Master John and Panurge made much of their sweet selves there; it is enough that I tell you there was no want of Bolognia sausages, turkey poots, capons, bustards, malmsey, and all other sorts of good bellytimber, very well dressed..He gave them away to the sailors; then said to Pantagruel that beds were much cheaper at that place than in Chinnonois, though we have there the famous geese of Pautile; for the old beldam had asked him but fivepence for a bed which in Chinnonois had been worth about twelve francs.		
However, sweet sir, be so kind as to show an honest man the way to those Apedefers, or ignorant people, for I come from the land of the learned, where I did not learn over much..Cod so, cried Aedituus, you were not then hatched of an ill bird, I will say that for you, since the blessed Touraine is your mother; for from thence there comes hither every year such a vast store of good things, that we were told by some folks of the place that happened to touch at this island, that your Duke of Touraine's income will not afford him to eat his bellyful of beans and bacon (a good dish spoiled between Moses and Pythagoras) because his predecessors have been more than liberal to these most holy birds of ours, that we might here munch it, twist it, cram it, gorge it, craw it, riot it, junket it, and tickle it off, stuffing our puddings with dainty pheasants, partridges, pullets with eggs, fat capons of Loudunois, and all sorts of venison and wild fowl..Then we went through the wicket; but Pantagruel had no mind to bear us company, and 'twas well he did not, for we were nabbed there, and clapped into lob'spound by order of Gripemenall, Archduke of the Furred Lawcats, because one of our company would ha' put upon a sergeant some hats of the Sharping Island.		
It is what I was ruminating upon just now..You must know that their clockbell, churchbells, and refectorybells were all made according to the pontial device, that is, quilted with the finest down, and their clappers of foxtails..Pan.		
Others stroked hegoats by the dugs, and saved their milk in a sieve; and much they got by it..After we were got down the steps, we came to a portal of fine jasper, of Doric order, on whose front we read this sentence in the finest gold, EN OINO ALETHEIAthat is, In wine truth..Methinks the great king has issued out a proclamation strictly inhibiting the destroying of stags, does, wild boars, roebucks, or other royal game, on pain of death.		
), military guards of the port, with highcrowned hats, whom we acquainted with the cause of our voyage, and our design, which was to desire the queen of the country to grant us a lantern to light and conduct us during our voyage to the Oracle of the Holy Bottle..So away we went, and as we marched out at the backgate whom should we meet but an old piece of mortality in chains..do ye presume to say that our seamen are not honest men?		
I saw a spodizator, who very artificially got farts out of a dead ass, and sold 'em for fivepence an ell..And all these were disposed in a diagonal line..With this, he lugged out his slashing cutlass, and in a mighty heat came out of the ship to cut the cozening varlets into steaks, but they scampered away and got out of sight in a trice.		
I saw two gibroins by themselves keeping watch on the top of a tower, and we were told they guarded the moon from the wolves..This seemed to me an admirable thing, considering the numerous diversity of steps, backsteps, bounds, rebounds, jerks, paces, leaps, skips, turns, coupes, hops, leadings, risings, meetings, flights, ambuscadoes, moves, and removes..Did you not see how Gripemenall held his gaping velvet pouch, and every moment roared and bellowed, By gold, give me out of hand; by gold, give, give, give me presently?		
This made me say to Pantagruel, that this entry put me in mind of the painted cellar in the oldest city in the world, where such paintings are to be seen, and in as cool a place..Fri.  Lime..The first was concerning a heass's shadow; the second, of the smoke of a lantern; and the third of goat's hair, whether it were wool or no.		
Finally, the golden queen took the silvered queen; but presently after she herself was taken by the silvered archer..Fri.  Eggs..So they are, said Doublefee; for they sometimes put castles, parks, and forests into the press, and out of them all extract aurum potabile.		
May I never sup, said the friar, if it be not dogcheap; they are sorry guests and unkind customers, that they are; they do not know when they have a pennyworth, and will not always meet with such bargains..I wondered how the gates thus opened of themselves to the right and left, and after we were all got in, I cast my eye between the gates and the wall to endeavour to know how this happened; for one would have thought our kind lantern had put between the gates the herb aethiopis, which they say opens some things that are shut..There we learned how Bacchus, at his coming into India, destroyed all things with fire and sword.		
This being heard, the music of both parties loudly proclaimed the victory..Well, quoth Friar John, when you are sped, that is, when you are married, we will make a trial of this on thy spouse, merely for charity sake, since you are pleased to give us so beneficial an instruction..Dixi; I have done.		
The son of a bitch was fed with costs, for he lived on a multiplicity of fine amonds and amerciaments by order of their worships, to each of whom the monster was worth more than the best farm in the land..I'll e'en stop their mouths with gold, that the wicket may be opened, and we may get out; the sooner the better..never fear, answered Friar John, I don't remember that I ever went anywhere yet where the poor devils are not remembered and encouraged.		
And I heard that for four livelong days those overwise roisters had been at it dingdong, disputing on three high, more than metaphysical propositions, promising themselves mountains of gold by solving them..By jingo, I believe he would make three bites of a cherry..When we made our personal appearance before him, a sort of I don't know what men, all clothed with I don't know what bags and pouches, with long scrolls in their clutches, made us sit down upon a cricket (such as criminals sit on when tried in France).		
Then Albert, the great Jacobin friar, Peter Tesmoin, alias Witness, Pope Pius the Second, Volaterranus, Paulus Jovius the valiant, Jemmy Cartier, Chaton the Armenian, Marco Polo the Venetian, Ludovico Romano, Pedro Aliares, and forty cartloads of other modern historians, lurking behind a piece of tapestry, where they were at it dingdong, privately scribbling the Lord knows what, and making rare work of it; and all by hearsay..This arch ended at a fine large round alley covered over with the interlaid branches of vines, loaded and adorned with clusters of five hundred different colours, and of as many various shapes, not natural, but due to the skill of agriculture; some were golden, others bluish, tawny, azure, white, black, green, purple, streaked with many colours, long, round, triangular, codlike, hairy, greatheaded, and grassy..So that Queen Whims, or Queen Quintessence (which you please), perceiving that we stood as mute as fishes, said:  Your taciturnity speaks you not only disciples of Pythagoras, from whom the venerable antiquity of my progenitors in successive propagation was emaned and derives its original, but also discovers, that through the revolution of many retrograde moons, you have in Egypt pressed the extremities of your fingers with the hard tenants of your mouths, and scalptized your heads with frequent applications of your unguicules.		
As we went back to our ships, we saw three waylayers, who, having been taken in ambuscado, were going to be broken on the wheel; and a huge fornicator was burned with a lingering fire for beating a way and breaking one of its sides; we were told it was the way of the banks of the Nile in Egypt..Now the martial concert began, and the music was above a hemiole the quicker, according to the warlike Phrygian mode, such as was invented by Marsyas..Fri.  Rare.		
They have claws so very strong, long, and sharp that nothing can get from 'em that is once fast between their clutches..They were most nimble at wriggling the buttocks, and more diligent in tailwagging than any waterwagtails, perpetually jogging and shaking their double rumps..Pan.		
We were told that these true philosophers were fairly multiplying the stars by drinking till the seven were fourteen, as brawny Hercules did with Atlas..Troth, we e'en fitted them and clawed 'em off with a vengeance, for all they looked so big and so grum..Therefore pray don't think your time lost; for, willing, nilling, you'll be forced to stay, unless you are resolved to encounter Juno, Neptune, Doris, Aeolus, and his flusterbusters, and, in short, all the pack of illnatured lefthanded godlings and vejoves.		
cried Friar John; do you call these same folks illiterate lobcocks and duncical doddipolls?.Pantagruel asked Doublefee of what breed was that prothonotary, and what name they gave him..Prithee, dear, dear cod, stay by me; I'm almost dead with fear.		
These are some three or four cubits long, and are fixed in the upper jawbone, and consequently not in the lowermost..After that we returned to the port of Mateotechny, and thence straight aboard our ships; for the wind was fair, and had we not hoisted out of hand, we could hardly have got off in three quarters of a moon in the wane..They were called contractors in the language of the country.		
The flap of their cowls hanged forward, and not backwards, like those of others..I'll not be paid in such coin; if you have nothing better to offer, I'll let your rascalship know that it had been better for you to have fallen into Lucifer's own clutches than into ours..This is the place we've been seeking with such toil and labour.		
Aesop had given me a fair warning of this in one of his fables..As soon as we had cast anchor and had moored the ship, the pinnace was put over the ship's side and manned by the coxswain's crew..Thracia.		
I found Bourges highway among these..These moved in very good order, and 'twould have done your heart good to have seen 'em..Sirrah, give mean account whether you had a letter of attorney, or whether you were feed or no, that you offered to bawl in another man's cause?		
This would keep the man from flying out and bursting..Fri.  Hard..No, I am somewhat more inclined to be fearful than bold; I love to sleep in a whole skin.		
Then Geber's michelots conducted us, and we were set down among her abstractors, as her queenship had commanded..Pan..Pan.		
The shepherdess being got behind Roger, the ass followed, fully resolved to bait like a prince with Roger's steed; but when they got to the stable, the groom, who spied the grave animal, ordered one of his underlings to welcome him with a pitchfork and currycomb him with a cudgel..Fri.  Short..For why, this would bring the wisdom of the court into question, as if we had took you up for nothing, and dealt wrongfully by you.		
May I be doomed to fast a whole day if I don't verily believe he would not make above two bites of a shoulder of mutton and one swoop of a whole pottle of wine..How much is that?.To come to the Temple of the Holy Bottle we were to go through a large vineyard, in which were all sorts of vines, as the Falernian, Malvoisian, the Muscadine, those of Taige, Beaune, Mirevaux, Orleans, Picardent, Arbois, Coussi, Anjou, Grave, Corsica, Vierron, Nerac, and others.		
What do you get out of 'em then?.How many steps have you told?.How Friar John made trial of the nature of the catchpoles.		
Chapter 4.LXV..Chapter 2.XVI..How the victorious Gargantuists were recompensed after the battle.		
A continuation of the answer of the Ephectic and Pyrrhonian philosopher Trouillogan..How Pantagruel set up one trophy in memorial of their valour, and Panurge another in remembrance of the hares..How Gripemenall propounded a riddle to us.		
How Pantagruel entered into the city of the Amaurots, and how Panurge married King Anarchus to an old lanterncarrying hag, and made him a crier of green sauce..Chapter 3.XLIV..How Pantagruel came to Paris, and of the choice books of the Library of St. Victor.		
How the abbey of the Thelemites was built and endowed..Chapter 1.XXIX..Chapter 3.XLV.		
Rondibilis the physician’s cure of cuckoldry..How Pantagruel convocated together a theologian, physician, lawyer, and philosopher, for extricating Panurge out of the perplexity wherein he was..Chapter 5.VII.		
How Pantagruel passed by the land of Pettifogging, and of the strange way of living among the Catchpoles..Chapter 2.XXVII..Chapter 4.XXXV.		
How Panurge taketh advice of Triboulet..Chapter 4.XLI..Chapter 3.XVI.		
How Rondibilis declareth cuckoldry to be naturally one of the appendances of marriage..Chapter 3.XXXVII..Chapter 1.XXXVII.		
Shrovetide’s outward parts anatomized..How Pantagruel with his tongue covered a whole army, and what the author saw in his mouth..Chapter 3.LI.		
How Panurge spoke to the Sibyl of Panzoust..Chapter 3.XL..Chapter 3.XVII.		
A continuation of Shrovetide’s countenance..How Pantagruel altogether abhorreth the debtors and borrowers..Of the dumb Knighthawks of the Ringing Island.		
How Gargantua set upon Picrochole within the rock Clermond, and utterly defeated the army of the said Picrochole..How Homenas gave Pantagruel some bonChristian pears..How Panurge was in love with a lady of Paris.		
Chapter 1.XXXVI..How Pantagruel did put himself in a readiness to go to sea; and of the herb named Pantagruelion..Chapter 4.XLIII.		
Chapter 1.XLI..Chapter 3.XLVII..Chapter 3.XII.		
Chapter 1.XXX..Chapter 1.XLIV..Chapter 4.XXXIV.		
Chapter 3.XXXI..How Friar John joined with the cooks to fight the Chitterlings..Chapter 2.XXV.		
Chapter 4.XXXI..), and then was taken prisoner by his enemies..How Panurge related the manner how he escaped out of the hands of the Turks.		
Chapter 4.XXVIII..Chapter 4.LXII..How Pantagruel went on shore in the Wild Island, the ancient abode of the Chitterlings.		
Chapter 5.X..How Pantagruel met a ship with passengers returning from Lanternland..How Pantagruel sent for Colonel Maulchitterling and Colonel Cutpudding; with a discourse well worth your hearing about the names of places and persons.		
Chapter 4.XXXII..How Panurge had a flea in his ear, and forbore to wear any longer his magnificent codpiece..How the Lords of Kissbreech and Suckfist did plead before Pantagruel without and attorney.		
Which if you read you’ll find how Panurge bargained with Dingdong..How Epistemon, who had his head cut off, was finely healed by Panurge, and of the news which he brought from the devils, and of the damned people in hell..Chapter 3.XXVI.		
Chapter 2.XXXIII..Chapter 4.VIII..How Chitterlings are not to be slighted by men.		
Chapter 4.LVIII..How Panurge asketh counsel of Pantagruel whether he should marry, yea, or no..Chapter 3.XLVIII.		
Chapter 4.LXVI..How Triboulet is set forth and blazed by Pantagruel and Panurge..How the pilots were forsaking their ships in the greatest stress of weather.		
How Gymnast very souply and cunningly killed Captain Tripet and others of Picrochole’s men..Chapter 1.LVI..How Gargantua, in combing his head, made the great cannonballs fall out of his hair.		
Chapter 4.XXVII..Chapter 3.XI..Chapter 2.XI.		
Chapter 5.IV..Chapter 2.XIII..How Pantagruel went ashore at the island of Chely, where he saw King St. Panigon.		
How Gargantua did eat up six pilgrims in a salad..Master Ponocrates, who had no idea of making the Prince's mind strong at the expense of his body,being too good a teacher for that,arranged it in such a way that, every day after the Latin lesson, Gargantua was allowed, after changing his clothes, to leave his hotel with his Squire Gymnaste, who had been chosen specially to teach him the noble art of horsemanship..GARGANTUA'S MARE SCORES A VICTORY.		
Where do you come from?.shouted Marquet, the chief Bunmaker, to Forgier, "and I will give you your buns.".When he reached the seacoast once more, Pantagruel picked out the twelve largest vessels in Thalasse, and gathered together all the pilots, mates, boatswains, sailors, workmen, soldiers, artillery, ammunition, provisions, and clothes he needed for a long voyage.		
It was at the gates of Sorbonne itselfthe great Universitythat Pantagruel, flushed with victory, next knocked..The old man at once hastened, in high glee, as fast as his gouty feet could carry him, to the courtyard, so as to be ready to receive his son..Another piece of news Gargantua heard at Parillé.		
So close together did this people get to be that, in case of need, over three hundred thousand men, whose boast was that they all belonged to the same family, could march out of the city gates..mie!" as any other baby would have done, he shouted out at the top of his lungs, "Drink!.An awful northwest wind had got caught in with a hurricane,so James Brayer said,and the two together whistled through the yards, and shrieked through the shrouds.		
Then the solitary wanderer spoke: In English What he said in a very strange English was: "Lord, if you be so vertuous of intelligence, as you be naturally releaved to the body, you should have pity of me; for nature hath made us equal, but fortune hath some exalted, and others deprived; nevertheless is vertue often deprived, and the vertuous men despised; for before the last end none is good."."Seize that too!".The next thing was to comb his head with a "German comb," which was the name given in those days to the easiest way of combing, since it meant a comb made by the four fingers and the thumb.		
While the assault was going on, Picrochole and his people didn't know at first which was better: whether to march out from the Castle, resolved to conquer or to die, or to stay in the city, and let the enemy outside do their worst..Some found themselves with longer legs than others, which, being quite as thin and bony as they were long, made malicious people, who had not eaten of the fruit, shout, "Crane!.What is to become of us?		
Then Panurge replied.."The Shepherds and vinewatchers of that old Giant Grandgousier, may it please Your Majesty," answered the Bunmakers..And this was how the great and bloody war between the Bunmakers of Lerne and Gargantua's country began.		
"That stone would mean, 'This is one league.'."Well, yes..Every fruit seemed to grow that year to a dozen times its usual size.		
So, just before reaching the limits, he placed all around his carts a great store of reeds, canes, and willowboughs, and took good care to have every one of the drivers decorated with the same, which made them look very friendly, indeed..Gymnaste, after bowing respectfully, collared Marquet and marched him off..My father must surely have come back!"		
CHAPTER XXVIII..In the Satin Land, the trees and herbage never lose their leaves or flowers, and are all damask and flowered velvet..All that he ever would say, after long hours of silence and sighs, was: "Ho, there!		
"Because," he answered, "Your Highness has not brought your fryingpan along with you.".ho!.ho!"		
Shall I help you before I go?.Then, if the party seemed in a mood for it, Ponocrates would set them to chatting merrily about the nature of all that they had before them on the table, the bread, the wine, the water, the salt, the meats, the fish, the fruits, herbs, roots and the mode of preparing all these..The fact is, the good people of Orleans, having heard that the Giant was thinking of leaving them for good, came before him, humbly praying him, before his departure, to bring that great bell to the tower which had been waiting ever so many years for it.		
I drown!".I pinch thee without laughing..Some grew big and twisted in their shoulders, and became what were afterwards called Hunchbacks.		
He mourned him two years to the very month, day, hour, and minute..When thou art away, my boy, I shall make ready for thy wife, and for a splendid feast when thou shalt bring her safe home.".In his own mind, he at once put Panurge down as a very gifted personage, although he was willing to grant that Pantagruel was the tallest and the noblest man who had ever stepped on the island.		
He swore roundly, over his cups, that Gargantua was not there, or he would have heard of it long before..Have I not stretched myself on the bed in all sorts of ways until my muscles are sore?.I shall not rest until I capture all the cities, towns, and villages in the Kingdom of the Thirsty People.		
"Sheepbarber!.[Illustration: DEATH OF LOUPGAROU.].[Illustration: WELCOME TO PANTAGRUEL.]		
But, by God's blessing, Pantagruel's nimbleness saved him here a second time..We may be sure that Snapsauce and the two other Very Fat Cooks were soon doing their best to get together a good dinner, during which Pantagruel heard all about Fairyland, its Queen, and her kind Fairies..she snapped in an awful curiosity, and just the least bit jealous.		
There never was a happier baby than Gargantua the first time he was placed in the cart..But that was a glorious early breakfast which the old King gave to the soldiers before they left; and he made it more glorious by promising great gifts to every man who would do some wonderful act of prowess..After breakfast Gargantua went to church,you may be sure he kept away from Nôtre Dâme! Behind him, on his way to church, went nine of the stoutest lackeys, who bore, as if they would have liked to be doing anything rather than that, a big basket, which contained a breviary worthy of a Giant, since it was so heavy that, by actual weight, it was found to weigh just eleven hundred and six pounds.		
Then Panurge, all in a hurry, rushed into the vessel once more, and caught up a bundle of straw and a small barrel of gunpowder, the contents of which he scattered along inside and outside of the two circles of ropes..Why, there was nothing to cook the dinner in!.The guests, with one voice, declared that the chains were an insult to the young Prince; and even the First Physician gave it as his opinion that, if Pantagruel were to be kept any longer fastened in such a way to his cradle, he would all his life be a cripple.		
Oh, let us stop to play.'.For this purpose, two great weights of lead had been specially madeeach one weighing eight hundred and seventy thousand poundswhich Gargantua would take up, one in each hand, raise them above his head, and keep them there, without moving, three quarters of an hour and more.."I wish I had looked closer at those pictures.		
"Never a word could I ever get from those people..Then it was that she loosed that tail of hers to the right and the left..Now, tell me, my dear, where are we to get milk enough for that throat?"		
They were just a little afraid, in their curiosity, that their visitor might take up their King's Palace and stalk away with it, as his father Gargantua, whom every old woman had seen and of whom every child had heard, had carried away, years and years before, the Bells of Nôtre Dâme to hang them around his Mare's neck..No!."I know neither in what order nor in what number are my enemies who besiege the city.		
In their trouble, through much thinking, they at last formed a plan by which they could tell one from another..[Illustration: PANTAGRUEL PICKS HIS SHIPS.].Then in a sonorous tongue Here Master Epistemon thought it right to say: "This time I have caught his meaning.		
Down poured its water in a full stream.."So ho!.When he was once fairly in the diningroom, a thousand caresses and another thousand compliments greeted him.		
But, before they all get away..The good old King had scarcely whispered the last word when he feebly placed his hand on the head of Gargantua, who was kneeling by the bed..When they came near him, Widenostrils opened his eyes for a moment, first lazily, as he saw Panurge and the other little men about him, then wildly rolling them around, in fearful efforts to see the whole of the Giant, whose legs he had first caught sight of.		
This Wise Man had thought, in a quiet way, a great deal about the Big People, and, through much study, had found out why it was they were not all drowned..He was willing enough, and they drank so much of the delicious wine that, at the end, there was not a single drop of the two hundred and thirtyseven puncheons left except what was to be found in one leathernflask, which Panurge grabbed for his own private use, and hid away in his pocket..Panurge was right in this, because, strong as Pantagruel was, such a weight of wine would have only troubled him if he had to fight.		
Then Panurge..On steering for the nearest port, it was found that the new land was known as Medamothi, or the Island of Pictures.."Ha!		
whispered Panurge, sharply twitching the Mayor by the sleeve, as he was making his twelfth bow to Pantagruel..On his return, he had a habit of running in and out of the kitchen, with his broad nostrils swollen out like balloons, to find out what particular roast was on the spit, until the cook, already in a stew, was ready to tear his hair in despair..As soon as thou art through with them, seize a lighted torch, run through the streets, and set fire everywhere.		
