The Alhambra hangings, which had been, in one short hour before, the admiration of the world, were now regarded by every eye with contempt, as CAST hangings, and every tongue was busy declaiming against Mr. Soho; everybody declared that, from the first, the want of proportion had 'struck them, but that they would not mention it till others found it out.'.'It is difficult to measure danger when it is overpast danger, like past pain, is soon forgotten,' said the old general..Without this condition was granted, he would not engage to do anything.		
'A very particular meaning, sir,feel in your pocket for the key of this widow's house, and deliver it to her.'.And she had a mind to be angry with him, but could not, nor ought not, says I; "for he's as good as your husband now, Grace; and no man can part yees now," says I, putting their hands together..'Very extraordinary!'		
'Beautiful!Certainly.'.Dareville, you remember, some years ago, went to Ireland with some ladylieutenant to whom she was related..'Where's the keys of the cellar, till I get out the claret for after dinner,' says one; 'and the wine for the cooksure there's venison,' cries another.'Venison!That's the way my lord's deer goes,' says a third, laughing.'ay, sure!		
Lady Clonbrony, breathless for a moment with surprise, exclaimed, 'Bless me!.Lady Dashfort forced her way, and she set the fashion: fashion, which converts the ugliest dress into what is beautiful and charming, governs the public mode in morals and in manners; and thus, when great talents and high rank combine, they can debase or elevate the public taste..Oh, the tricks of them!		
'He has exposed himself,' said Mrs. Burke; 'and the world should know it.'.Lady Berryl and Mr. Berryl's sisters, in an agony of grief, rushed into the room..thought Lord Colambre.		
there's the danger of propinquity indeed!'.cried Lord Colambre, and the mother just caught her in her arms as she was falling..It's my firm persuasion, now, that if I had served you as I served my friend I was talking of, your son there would, ten to one, think I had done him an injury by saving the family plate.'		
Sir James, do you hear that?'.good!Well!.She was, I am told (for it was before my time), educated at a convent abroad; and there was an affair with a Captain Reynolds, a young officer, which her friends were obliged to hush up.		
'I!mine!'.darling!'.You are truth itselfone word from you is security sufficient.		
That is indeed a great addition and a great security to his happiness,' said the count..A mistake, relative to some remittance from his banker in Dublin, obliged him to delay his journey a few days, and during that time Lord and Lady Oranmore showed him the neat cottages, the wellattended schools, in their neighbourhood..'Ay, it's the rint, sure enough, we're pounding out for him; for he sent the driver round lastnightwaseight days, to warn us old Nick would be down a'Monday, to take a sweep among us; and there's only six clear days, Saturday night, before the assizes, sure; so we must see and get it finished anyway, to clear the presentment again' the swearing day, for he and Paddy Hart is the overseers themselves, and Paddy is to swear to it.'		
When, after having monopolised attention, and been the subject of much bad wit, about black swans and rare birds, and swans being geese and geese being swans, the colonel condescended to rise, and, as Mrs. Dareville said, to vacate his couch, that couch was no longer whitethe black impression of the colonel remained on the sullied snow..And here she comes!'.'Oh no,' said Mrs. le Maistre, seizing Anne's arm, and holding her fast; 'stayyou may safelyfor they're all kissing and taking leave, and all that, you know; and my lady is talking on about Mr. Soho, and giving a hundred directions about legs of TABLES, and so forth, I warrantshe's always an hour after she's ready before she gets inand I'm looking for the NUMBRELLA.		
'Oh, indispensable!.Is Colambre gone?'.I am so tired, so WORN OUT, I must go to bed; and I am sure I have caught cold too!		
here!'.He came to beg Lady Dashfort's interest with Count O'Halloran, for permission to hunt and shoot on his grounds.'Not for myself, 'pon honour, but for two officers who are quartered at the next town here, who will indubitably hang or drown themselves if they are debarred from sporting.'.Then, in answer to his inquiries about Grace and the young man, the widow answered, 'They are all in heart now, I thank ye kindly, sir, for asking; they'll sleep easy tonight anyway, and I'm in great spirits for them and myselffor all's smooth now.		
Sir Terence wiped his forehead deliberately..'Mr..re'lly now!'		
May I believe that is secured?'.But I will not advert to such insignificant individuals, such are rare exceptionsI leave them out of the questionI reason on general principles..I don't think she has landed.'		
To confirm him an absentee was her object previously to her ultimate plan of marrying him to her daughter..'You never kissed me so since we left Ireland before,' said Lady Clonbrony..I've a mind, cried Lady Clonbrony, laying her hand on the cord to stop the coachman'I've a mind to turn about, tell him so, and ask what is the matter with him.'		
'Oh, don't be talking that way of the saints, plase your honour.'.'And is this all?'.asked Lady Catharine.		
How could he FEEL it!.'I am told,' interrupted Mrs. Dareville, 'this is the very vase in which B, the nabob's father, who was, you know, a China captain, smuggled his dear little Chinese wife and all her fortune out of Cantonpositively, actually put the lid on, packed her up, and sent her off on shipboard!True!.'Yes, he can,' said Miss Broadhurst.		
There was one chanceour hero tried, at this moment, to think it the best possible chancethat Miss Nugent might marry Mr. Salisbury, and settle in England..The beauty of the rooms would have answered Lady Catharine's purpose for some time, had not Lady Anne imprudently brought the conversation back again to Miss Broadhurst..Soho had engaged to make a new set, vastly improved, by Sir Horace's suggestions, for her Grace of Torcaster.		
It was like what she would have done herself, and likein short, it is what few young men, as she said, of the present day would do..'Formerly, a few families had set the fashion..The family seat is within a few miles of Sir James Brooke's, in Huntingdonshire, where, as I told you before, he now is.'		
Soho, there is your money!'.The party opposed to Lady Dashfort affirmed that her wit depended merely on unexpectedness; a characteristic which may be applied to any impropriety of speech, manner, or conduct..The conversation extended from Dublin to various parts of Ireland, with all which Sir James Brooke showed that he was well acquainted.		
'Tis just a renewal of life, my lord, for which one must pay a bit of a fine, you know..'Well, Sir Terence, I must allow you have a very wheedling wayHere, Mr. Thompson, make out a receipt for Lord Clonbrony: I never go to law with an old customer, if I can help it.'.Count O'Halloran entered; and the bird, quitting his prey, flew down to greet his master.		
Lord Colambre took down the direction, tossed the honest waggoner a guinea, wished him goodnight, passed, and went on..It was old Mr. Reynolds's delight to come down and surprise his people at his different places, and see that they were keeping all tight.'.His excellency's executor, Sir James Brooke, however, was indefatigable in his researches.		
'My dear boy!'.The hospitality you showed me you cannot think that I now forget.'.'And he must double the bag, or quit,' said Sir Terence.		
'Really!.Next to her son, she was fonder of her niece than of any other creature..What signifies what accent people speak in that have nothing to sayhey, Colambre?'		
You don't think I'm such a fool as to renew to you at this rent.'.But Lady Clonbrony had no reason to regret for their sake the statira couch..'Then I will mention it,' cried Lord Clonbrony; 'at the loss it will be of nearly half the estate he would have had, if we had not spent it.'		
This officer, it was said, had let Lady Oranmore send her carriage for this woman; and that she had dined at Oranmore with her ladyship and her daughters..'Go on, let him go on, pray, young woman,' said Mr. Garraghty, pale with anger and fear, his lips quivering; 'I shall be happy to take down his words.'.'Her bachelor?'		
See, there he is, mother.'.Mrs. Raffarty cleared her throat, and nodded, and pointed, and sighed, and set Larry after Kenny, and Kenny after Larry; for what one did, the other undid; and at last the lady's anger kindled, and she spoke: 'Kenny!.'More shame for him!'		
'Nonsense, my dear,' said Lord Clonbrony; 'you don't know what you are talking of..said Sir Terence..When the old harper was so tired that he could play no more, a lad, who usually carried his harp for him, and who was within call, came up, and held his master’s hat to the company, saying, Will you be pleased to remember us?”  The children readily produced their halfpence, and thought their wealth well bestowed upon this poor, goodnatured man, who had taken so much pains to entertain them, better even than upon the gingerbread woman, whose stall they loved to frequent.		
I might kick him for my football this half hour before I should get him awake..The refusal of his present dwelt upon the attorney’s mind; and he was aware that, if the history of Susan’s lamb ever reached the Abbey, he was undone..All alive and kicking!		
He was pressed to give the words belonging to the music; and at last he modestly offered to repeat them, as he could not see to write..The Devil!” said Archer..We never see you in the markets as we used to do.” No; ever since my father beat me, and called me rogue before all the children there, I have never been able to show my face without being gibed at by one or t’other.		
then first I must tell you how I came to suspect Mr. Magpie..Miss Rosamond’s charming present must not be spoiled in this way, in my house, without my taking proper notice of it..Rory (joins.)		
Ben discovered this when he went to fetch his own; and the lad from Bristol, who had been ordered by Mr. Gresham to eat his breakfast before he proceeded to Redland Chapel, heard Ben talking about his cousin’s bow and arrows..Talb.  I am very much obliged— Farm.  O, say nothing o’ that, madam..When it was in season, many strangers came from the neighbouring town, which was a seabathing place, to look at these raspberries, which obtained the name of Brobdingnag raspberries.		
Several Boys exclaim..and didn’t they know it was my birthday?.He measured the sugarplums in a little cubical tin box; and this, it was affirmed, he heaped up to the top, and pressed down before he poured out the contents into the open hands of his approving customers.		
FINSBURY, a manmilliner, with bandboxes—a fancy cap, or helmet, with feathers, in the Landlady’s hand—a satin bag, covered with gold netting, in the manmilliner’s hand—a mantle hanging over his arm..No, no, sir,” said Master Sweepstakes, that is not fair; that’s against the regulation..Carlo shook his head.		
But she will not die, I’m sure, for she walks about and runs upstairs so lightly!.Ha!.Such a rare piece of chinawork has no cause to go abegging,” added he.		
Dinnertime came; it struck three, four, five, six..There’s a stroke, in the first place, for Wheeler,—you take it?.I could not get him to give a second look at them as they passed.		
They pushed away the butcher’s hand; they threw their arms round the neck of the lamb; they kissed its forehead—it bleated..Keity, yellow and black velvet; helmet trimmed with silver..That’s Bursal, mind now, whom I mean to allude to in this verse.		
We shall live, whilst we can afford it, like great folks, you will see; and I shall enjoy the envy that will be felt by some of my old friends, the little Neapolitan merchants, who will change their note when they see my change of fortune..I only wanted, ma’am, to hinder your brother from exposing himself..Talbot.		
Oakly flew into a passion when he received such a message, declared it was just such a mean, shabby trick as might have been expected from a Scotchman—called himself a booby, a dupe, and a blockhead, for ever having trusted to the civil speeches of a Scotchman—swore that he would die in the parish workhouse before he would ever ask another favour, be it ever so small, from a Scotchman; related to his wife, for the hundredth time, the way in which he had been taken in by the Scotch peddler ten years ago, and concluded by forswearing all further intercourse with Mr. Grant, and all belonging to him..I don’t know how other people do things; but I am sure that I never have been able to get anything done well but by patience..he!		
I have won the ten guinea prize, and for     that I am in a great measure indebted to your sweet daughter Susan;     as you will see by a little ballad I inclose for her..Mrs. Villars came forward, smiling, with the bracelet in her hand..I’m in no haste—no haste.		
But now a thundering double rap at the door was heard..She made no answer, in expectation that the housekeeper, who was a woman of a very open temper, would explain her cause of dissatisfaction..Oh, Leonora!” exclaimed Cecilia; now I have no hope left.		
Talbot for ever!.To come to the point at once, the lease is, ab origine, null and void..Nothing was talked of but the new playhouse; and so intent upon it was every head, that no lessons could be got.		
No, but for your own sake, my dear sir, your papa and mamma..We may thank this good little fellow,” continued he, turning to Maurice, for our coming at last to a right understanding..These ladies look as if they would not refuse you anything that is reasonable; and, I think, you look as if you would not ask anything unreasonable.” Sir,” said Susan, after consulting her mother’s eyes, there is, to be sure, a favour I should like to ask; it is for Rose.” Well, I don’t know who Rose is,” said Sir Arthur, smiling; but, go on.” Ma’am, you have seen her, I believe; she is a very good girl, indeed,” said Mrs. Price.		
Half this is enough for your share o’ the mischief, in all conscience..Let them say so; I say, ‘As sharp as Piedro’; and let us see which will go through the world best.”  With the idea of making his son sharp he made him cunning..I’ll ask my mother to ask Sir Arthur to try and find out which way that good old man went after the ball; and if he’s above ground, we’ll have him back by Susan’s birthday, and he shall sit here—just exactly here by this, our bush, and he shall play—I mean, if he pleases—that same tune for us, and I shall learn it—I mean, if I can—in a minute.” The good news that Farmer Price was to be employed to collect the rents, and that Attorney Case was to leave the parish in a month, soon spread over the village.		
Lady P.  It is to be hoped that the loss may at least check the foolish pride and extravagance of young Bursal, who, as my son tells me—                          (A cry of Huzza!.Land.  Oh, no, your worship!—I thank your worship, though, as much as if I took it; but I just took my luncheon before I came up; or more proper, my sandwich, I should say, for the fashion’s sake, to be sure..When he went into the market with his grapes and figs, he found that he was not shunned or taunted as usual.		
Miss B.  Charming woman!.She was a famous horse woman, and sat him to the admiration of all beholders; but there was a puddle of red clay and water in this spot, and her ladyship’s uniform habit was a sufferer by the accident..Mr.		
leave your tools by mistake behind you, and a thousand of twentypenny nails..It has my name written withinside of it, Dominicho, Improvisatore..You see that, now I am put to the trial, I keep to my resolution, dear mother.		
Burs. (aside)..Let the prize,” said they, be a bracelet of our own hair;” and instantly their shining scissors were produced, and each contributed a lock of their hair..Yes,” said Ben, as he fastened it to his bow, I put it into my pocket, today, on purpose, because I thought I might happen to want it.”  He drew his bow the third and last time.		
In short, he had not yet decided whether he was an honest man or a knave..Bless me,” exclaimed Archer, suddenly stopping in this narration of his services, there’s one thing, after all, I’ve forgot, we shall be undone without it..for mercy’s sake!		
(Landlady puts her finger upon her lips—Everybody looks eagerly                                                        towards the door.).I am now sure of your having the one, and let me see whether you have, as I believe you have, the other..I won’t detain you.		
Arthur read aloud as follows:—                    (Monthly Magazine, Dec. ’98, p..People, you know, don’t always mean exactly, downright, neither more nor less than what they say.” Not always,” said Susan, with an arch smile, which convinced Barbara that she was not quite a simpleton..Enter WILLIAM.		
Mrs..No,” said De Grey; for that very reason I speak who do know him..Piedro’s mouth was much too full to make an immediate reply, nor did his father wait for any, but darting his hand into the youth’s pocket, pulled forth a handful of silver.		
Archer, your carpenter is at the door..He never saw a man carve better than the gentleman opposite him, who was the curate of the parish..Ah!		
The reason,” resumed Dr. Middleton, having now returned to the usual benignity of his manner—the reason why I desired that none of you should go to that building,” pointing out of the window, was this:—I had been informed that a gang of gipsies had slept there the night before I spoke to you, one of whom was dangerously ill of a putrid fever..The boy ran with the letter to the postoffice..Oh, ma’am,” said Felix, indeed you forget; for Mr. Corkscrew came into my room to desire me to call him betimes in the morning, and I happened to take particular notice, and he had the japanned candlestick in his hand, and that was just as I heard you, bolting the door.		
She thanked him, and with that nimble alacrity which marks the desire to please, she ran to her neat chickenyard; but, alas!.Regardless, or pretending to be regardless, of these suspicions, Piedro and his father persisted in their assertions..Mrs. Newington, Landlady of the Inn at Salt Hill.		
She ran into her father’s parlour; but she knew, the moment she saw his face, that it was no time to ask questions; his pen was across his mouth, and his brown wig pushed oblique upon his contracted forehead..The second day to see the elephant: how I pitied this noble animal, cooped up under the command of a scarcely human creature, who had not half as much reason as himself..I believe that he was much attached to her, and deeply mortified at her refusal.		
I do not think she repented of her refusal, or regretted her decision; she was well aware that she could not have made him happy, that she would not have suited his position at the Court of Stockholm, and that her want of beauty might have diminished his attachment..Lovell: "A headand a heart, sir.".Early next morning my father and mother, on two Welsh ponies, trotted off to see Lord Penrhyn's slate quarries.		
The Edinburgh review of her book has well prepared all the world for her..His Daniel Cooper was given in an excellent style, and was loudly encored..This is the new name instead of the Telegraph, because of its allusion to the logographic printing press, which prints words instead of letters.		
2, 1800. My mother has had a sore throat, and Aunt Charlotte and Honora have had feverish attacks, and John Jenkins has had fever, so that my father was obliged to remove him to his own house in the village..A maid at the hotel at Dunkirk said to me, "Ah!.1776; d. unmarried, 1841.		
No mortal could ever have guessed that he was an invalid, if they had only heard him speak. Just as I had here stopped writing my father came out of his room, looking wretchedly, but ordered the carriage, and said he would go to Longford to see Mr. Fallon about materials for William's bridge..And when she died her coffin was, to avoid the crooked passages, taken out of the window.].She went a journey when she was thirteen, with Doctor and Mrs. Beaufort and my mother, and they are the only people in this country who can and will swear to her and for her.		
I forgot to tell you that we spent a delightful day, or remnant of a day, on our return from the Priory, at Mr. Strutt's..*       *       *       *       * The play mentioned in the foregoing letter was twice acted in January 1799, with great applause, under the title of Whim for Whim. Mr. Edgeworth's mechanism for the scenery, and for the experiments tried on the children, were most ingenious..Lady Davy is in high glory at this moment, introducing Madame de Staël everywhere, enjoying the triumph and partaking the gale.		
Mr. Ward was Undersecretary of State during a great part of Pitt's administration, and has been one of the Lords of the Admiralty, and is now Clerk of the Ordnance, and has been sent to Ireland to reform abuses in the Ordnance..But faith, great faith, is I believe necessary to produce any effect upon the drinkers, and I have seen some of the adventurous philosophers who sought in vain for satisfaction in the bag of Gaseous Oxyd, and found nothing but a sick stomach and a giddy head..It goes over tonight to Johnson, but how long it will remain with him before you see it in print I cannot divine.		
We went; fine large hall, ranged with green benches like a lecture room: raised platform at one end for the performers: armchairs for the Royal Dukes, and common chairs for common men..I even like Miss Berry much the better for the manner in which she has edited this book..Here is a fine sentence!		
The Prethe Chevalier, is beautifully drawn   A prince: ay, every inch a prince!.the distinctness of the parts!.Dumont read it as well as Tessier could have read it; but there were things which seemed as if they were written on purpose for the Célibataire who was listening, and the Célibataire who was reading.		
[Footnote: Mr. Edgeworth's second daughter Emmeline.].He lives in a wretched house, and we went up dirty stairs, through dirty passages, where I wondered how fine ladies' trains and noses could go, and were received in a dark small den by the philosopher, or rather dévot, for he spurns the name of philosopher: he was in a dirty reddish nightgown, and very dirty nightcap bound round the forehead with a superlatively dirty chocolatecoloured ribbon..Perhaps we may be detained here for some days, as the wind is directly against us; but we have no reason to lament, as we are in Grandsire's excellent house, and have books and thoughts enough to occupy us.		
Her daughter, Madame Gautier, gains upon our esteem every day..Amongst the many kindnesses my father has shown me, the greatest, I think, has been his permitting me to see his heart à découverte; and I have seen, by your kind sincerity and his, that, in good and cultivated minds, love is no idle passion, but one that inspires useful and generous energy..I have just risen from my bed, where I had been a day and a half with a violent headache and pains, or as John Langan calls them, pins in my bones.		
took leave of home, and set out for Edinburgh..Has Maria told you that she has had her Belinda translated into French by the young Count de Segur, an amiable young man of one of the most ancient families of France, married to a granddaughter of the Chancellor d'Aguesseau?.In a stupid or indolent family, your knowledge and talents would be thrown away; here, if it may be said without vanity, they will be the certain source of your daily happiness.		
I am sorry to say that, from these last accounts of the pinna and his cancer friend, Dr. Darwin's beautiful description is more poetic than accurate..I wish you had been here, for I think you would have been entertained much, not only by his conversation, but by his character; I never saw a man who had lived in the world so anxious about the opinions which are formed of him by those with whom he is conversing, so quick at discovering, by the countenance and by implication, what is thought of him, or so incessantly alert in guarding all the suspected places in your opinion..EDGEWORTHSTOWN, June 1, 1805. My father's birthday was kept yesterday, much more agreeably than last year, for then we had company in the house.		
EDGEWORTHSTOWN, May 23, 1806. I have been laughed at most unmercifully by some of the phlegmatic personages round the library table for my impatience to send you The Mine. "Do you think Margaret cannot live five minutes longer without it?.Breakfasted in company with Mr. Grainger: he has lived in very good company abroad, and told us a variety of entertaining anecdotes: Caulaincourt, now Due de Vincennes, was brought up in the family of the Prince de Condé, l'enfant de la Maison, the playfellow of the Due d'Enghien.."She has a mother, ma'am," said the steward, "who is lying adying at Holyhead, and she frets greatly for her."		
Nothing can be kinder than Lovell is to all of us..Mr. Corrie drank tea, after the lecture, at Mr. Moilliet'svery agreeable benevolent countenance, most agreeable voice..July 24. Mr. Strutt and his son have within these few minutes arrived here.		
Pray, if you have an opportunity, read Haygarth's poem of "Greece.".To MRS. RUXTON..Now it is no easy thing for a French postillion to walk himself when he is in his boots: these boots are each as large and as stiff as a wooden churn, and when the man in his boots attempts to walk, he is more helpless than a child in a gocart: he waddles on, dragging his boots after him in a way that would make a pig laugh.		
Maria is writing a story, [Footnote: Miss Edgeworth made a sketch for the story of Madame de Fleury about this time, but did not finish it till long afterwards..As long as there is any one worth your loving upon earth, you cannot be unhappy..MRS. EDGEWORTH to MRS. MARY SNEYD.		
A lady told me it was "vraiment extraordinaire qu'un jeune homme comme lui ait de moeurs si exemplaireset d'ailleurs on ne s'attend pas qu'un homme soit fidèle à une femme qui est plus agée que lui: mais si agée aussi!.I believe that old castles interest one by calling up ideas of past times, which are in such strong contrast with the present..It was ingenious to make them in the shape of fish, because their motions exactly resemble the breathing, and panting, and floundering, and tailcurling of fish; and I am sure I have tired you with them, and you will be sick of these fish.		
Yesterday Sneyd, now at home for his vacation, who is ever the promoter of gaiety, contrived a pretty little fête champêtre, which surprised us all most agreeably..The morning after Mr. Standish's arrival, Lady Stafford's maid told her that she and all the ladies' maids had been taken by his gentleman to see his toilette"which, I assure you, my lady, is the thing best worth seeing in this house, all of gilt plate, and I wish, my lady, you had such a dressing box.".He was an amiable and benevolent man, so eager against the slavetrade, that when he drank tea with us, he always brought some East India sugar, that he might not share our wickedness in eating that made by the negro slave.		
I have read Corinne with my father, and I like it better than he does..I liked the glass doors opening to the gardens at the end, and trees in full leaf..Sneyd is delighted with the four volumes of Evenings at Home, which we have just got, and has pitched upon the best stories, which he does not, like M. Dalambert, spoil in the reading"Perseverance against Fortune," "The Price of a Victory," and "Capriole."		
opening into a lawngarden, with terraces and conservatories, and a profusion of flowers and shrubs..cured of his wounds, simple in his manners, like all truly great men..She met Sneyd in Dublin; has been lately at Kilkenny, and admired Mr. Rothe's acting of Othello.		
He was charmed with old Dr. Burney, who at eightytwo was the most lively, wellbred, agreeable man in the room..was at Etruria: came last night, would stay but one day..One of our greatest pleasures has been the hearing everybody, from Edward upwards, speak of Sneyd and William with such affection, and with such knowledge of their characters.		
Buonaparte rode down the lines on a fine white Spanish horse..We saw one of these, a teacher at one of the chief Academies, and my father, who was standing near him, heard him, after having been talking on several most amusing and interesting subjects, give one of the deepest sighs he ever heard..and the undermaster came forward and said any number that came into his head.		
Sneyd [Footnote: Second son of Mrs. Elizabeth Edgeworth.].But then how can I do that, when I did not go there myself?.Half of Professional Education is printed.		
Almost all the people in this town sat up last night to receive the earthquake..There is indeed uncommon art in the manner in which his dignity is preserved by his courage and magnanimity, in spite of all his pedantry and his ridicules, and his bear and bootjack, and all the raillery of M'Ivor..My father has taken me into a new partnershipwe are writing a comedy: will you come and see it acted?		
To MISS HONORA EDGEWORTH (the second sister in the family of the name)..I was told by several persons of rank and tasteLady Rancliffe, the Countess de Salis, Lady Granard, Mrs. Sneyd Edgeworth, and a Polish Countess, that my sister's dress, the grand affair at Paris, was perfection, and I believed it!.Wonderfully changed and enlarged, it became the residence of Madame de Pompadour.		
only because it is cheap and respectable..What one invents, another can detect and imitate.".I thought the pulse was the cause of their motion, but this does not hold, because my pulse is slow, and my father's very quick.		
Tell me what you are saying and doing, and above all where you are going..How the company divides and changes itself I am not at present supposed to know, for young M. Pictet has seated himself between my mother and me, and has a long conversation with me, in which Madame Grivel now and then joins: she is on the other side of me..Whenever Nature gives false letters of recommendation, she swindles in the most abominable manner.		
