"You ought to get into bed and have a doctor..So were the proprieties complied with, and so began the enslavement of Christopher..It did him good; that is to say, it brought colour to his face, and enabled him to sit upright.		
"Not likely," answered Gammon..The rummiest thing that that never came into my head!."I don't want to, Mr. Gammon!		
In Threadneedle Street a hand arrested him..Greenacre had not overpraised the cobs; their start promised an enjoyable day..And you always come just this way 'cause it's nice and convenient for Lambeth Road, ain't it?		
"You reserve to yourself; I presume, the duty of acquainting her with these painful facts?"."Aunt Louisa's been making a bother, has she?.Best is near a Board School when the children are about.		
she exclaimed at length in profound agitation, "that explains so many things!.That's what I like about you; you always look respectable.".Oh, yes, of course.		
And I don't know you either after tonight, so just remember that, Mr. Parish.."You've nowhere to sleepain't that it?"."What do you mean by it, Mrs. Bubb?		
asked his hostess.."We will say nothing to her yet, if you please..He added a brief account of what had happened between Polly and her uncle, Greenacre listening as if this threw new light on the case.		
"Quodlings' traveller..He had set his mind on discovering Mrs. Clover's husband, and was all the more determined to perform this feat since the recent events in Kennington Road.."I hoped you were going to walk," urged Christopher timidly.		
Now he would not visit her; he would not write..The girl laughed loudly as if at a preposterous question..When he went forth into the cold street never was man more softly amorous, more mirthfully exultant, more kindly disposed to all the dwellers upon earth.		
Polly grew hot with anger, then subsided into mortification..So saying he took his leave with bows and flourishes..Flecks of dim white had for some minutes been visible above their heads; it was beginning to snow.		
You're a man of business, are you not?."Oh, I've a good memory for faces.."Well, Mr. Gammon, I do think" But the landlady's protest was cut short by a loud slamming of the housedoor.		
"Nonsense!.It returned upon both with the freshness of surprise; even Polly had quite lost sight of the startling fact during the last few minutes.."Now then, give an account of yourself."		
Both of them, it seemed, bore a likeness to some profligate aristocrat..With a marked display of interesting embarrassment Miss Waghorn introduced him to her companion, Mr. Nibby, who showed himself cordial..He could not determine whether he had given her up or not; he did not know whether to bow before Mrs. Clover or to protest and persevere.		
At a second meeting with the venerable bagmanwho had a wonderful head for whiskyGammon acquired so much technical information that oil and colours might fairly be set down among his numerous "specialities.".you nasty, ungrateful young woman, you!".Of all the shimeless creatures!		
A few days after this Minnie's mother, overcoming a secret scruple and yielding to a long desire, allowed herself to write a letter to Mr. Gammon..I've had a present given to me; well, what of that?.But this was the last day save one of Polly's week, and as yet she had given no sign.		
Why, I've as good as forgot there was such a man!.Instantly a man sprang forward to her defence, and he, too, planted his fist between the eyes of the hapless peer.."Then Mrs. Cloveras we call herwasn't really his wife at all?"		
"All right, if you won't do it say so, and I'll ask somebody else..What you've got to do, my angel, is to find where that lady livesthe one that sat next our friend, you know, not the foreigner..replied the other, as cheerfully as he could.		
On the walls hung three brightlycoloured calendars, each an advertisement: one of sewing machines, one of a popular insurance office, one of a local grocery business..Polly was short with him..It came so sudden.		
I'm so glad you happened to drop in.".I'm sure it would be better, and I may be able to give you a reason before long.".Gammon looked at his watch.		
Polly went down into the kitchen, where Mrs. Cheeseman, a stout woman of slatternly appearance, was sitting with her legs crossed and a plate of shrimps in her lap..I am not welcome; how could I expect to be?.They're all right in their way.		
"Look on the writing table, Greenacre.."I do so then, Gammon..Mrs. Bubb vented her emotions in "Oh my!"		
Time I was gettin' 'ome..Polly had never been so tempted to commit an assault; she thought with a burning brain how effective would be one smart stroke on the dish of sausages with the handle of her umbrella..Hanged if I see why she shouldn't come forward!"		
I'm going to break your door open, that's all, and I wish to give you fair warning..Gammon presently went downstairs and told Mrs. Clover that her husband wished to go into town on business..And considering the Polperro reputation, it wouldn't surprise me to come across a good many such noses.		
At forty years of age Gammon set off about his business with all the zest of a healthy boy..There was only one consolation, and that a poor one..What friend?"		
A few draughts of a restorative enabled Lord Polperro to articulate, and he inquired if any letters had arrived for him.."Then I think you have acted very wisely indeedas one might have expected from Miss Sparkes..shrieked the girl, turning furiously upon her relative.		
cried the other..She opened the door wide, and he saw by the light from the street that she was dressed as usual.."H'm!		
"Afraid not," replied the traveller, "but I know a man out Hoxton way who's pushing a new lampglass cleaner..Might I suggest with all deference that we should dine together very quietly?."It may be a lie," remarked Mrs. Bubb.		
Gammon grew perplexed in mind and shadowed in countenance..No; he would on no account be seated..Do I really believe that at any time of my life I have been the kind of man who merits affection?		
If my voice had any authority, I would cry this truth aloud wherever men could hear..For the Nature of the Universe, having made all reasonable creatures one for another, to the end that they should do one another good; more or less, according to the several persons and occasions; but in no wise hurt one another; it is manifest that he that doth transgress against this her will, is guilty of impiety towards the most ancient and venerable of all the Deities.".Begin to save your labour, to aim at dishonest profits, to feel disgust or contempt for your workand the churn declares every one of these vices.		
VI..A vision, perhaps, larger and more just..Shall one ask in vain at an English inn for an honest chop or steak?		
No, no; it is not the place that I remember; it is the time of life, the circumstances, the mood, which at that moment fell so happily together..Gentlehearted Tibullus!of whom there remains to us a poet's portrait more delightful, I think, than anything of the kind in Roman literature..Thereupon the speaker, in rather a blustering tone, cried out, "Yes, I can make a very good breakfast on two or three pounds of apples."		
A shrewd and vigorous man of business such as Dickens, aided by a lawyer who was his devoted friend, could do even better, and, in reaping sometimes more than his publisher, redress the ancient injustice..Were this lady to write a novel (the chances are she will) it would have the true note of modern vigour..I like to believe that this was the poet's last work, that he wrote it in his home at Stratford, walking day by day in the fields which had taught his boyhood to love rural England.		
Did I call veal insipid?.For my own part, I was very tolerant; anything that could by the largest interpretation be called music, I welcomed and was thankful; for even "fivefinger exercises" I found, at moments, better than nothing..Let me but come upon the poorest little woodcut, the cheapest "process" illustration, representing a thatched cottage, a lane, a field, and I hear that music begin to murmur.		
That appeal of innocence in anguish to the hard, mute heavens!.What a world of wonders in this little book, all aglow with ambitions and conflicts, with marvels of strange lands; full of perils and rescues, fresh with the air of mountain and of sea!.Those who make them a proof of a "future state" must necessarily suppose gradations in that futurity; does the savage, scarce risen above the brute, enter upon the same "new life" as the man of highest civilization?		
Were it possible, but for one halfhour, to plunge and bask in the sunny surf, to roll on the silvery sandhills, to leap from rock to rock on shining seaferns, laughing if I slipped into the shallows among starfish and anemones!.X. I sometimes think I will go and spend the sunny half of a twelvemonth in wandering about the British Isles..I have often heard it said that the touring cyclist has caused the revival of wayside inns.		
I am afraid N thought he had been indiscreet, for he passed quickly to another subject..That is one of the bitter curses of poverty; it leaves no right to be generous..Yet I suspect that a century is a very short time to allow for even justifiable surmise of such an outcome.		
On the table lay a copy of a popular magazine..Thereupon that other made known the man's reason for refusing to point out the way; in the direction the Greeks must take there dwelt a daughter of his, who was married.".They are a cleaner people and a more sober; in every class there is a diminution of brutality; educationstand for what it mayhas notably extended; certain forms of tyranny have been abolished; certain forms of suffering, due to heedlessness or ignorance, have been abated.		
Nothing tires me..Wasn't it amusing?.Greatly as I relish the comforts of my wonderful new life, no joy it has brought me equals that of coming in aid to another's necessity.		
The truths of life are not discovered by us..At night, as I lay in bed, I used to hear the tramp, tramp of a posse of policemen who passed along the alley on their way to relieve guard; their heavy feet sometimes sounded on the grating above my window..Or my Shakespeare, the great Cambridge Shakespeareit has an odour which carries me yet further back in life; for these volumes belonged to my father, and before I was old enough to read them with understanding, it was often permitted me, as a treat, to take down one of them from the bookcase, and reverently to turn the leaves.		
Does it seem to promise a return of the time when the old English names of all our flowers were common on rustic lipsby which, indeed, they were first uttered?.Years after that, I recall another black morning..Never did silly mortal reap such harvest of experience; never had any one so many bruises to show for it.		
Only by contrast with this thickwitted multitude can I pride myself upon my youth of endurance and of combat..I had a goal before me, and not the goal of the average man..They are once more gone.		
The prophets, the martyrs, their noble anguish vain and meaningless; the wise whose thought strove to eternity, and was but an idle dream; the pure in heart whose life was a vision of the living God, the suffering and the mourners whose solace was in a world to come, the victims of injustice who cried to the Judge Supremeall gone down into silence, and the globe that bare them circling dead and cold through soundless space..For them, are not Goethe's words mere mockery?.He seems to sport with language, to amuse himself with new discovery of its resources.		
It ended at Topsham, where I sat on the little churchyard terrace, and watched the evening tide come up the broad estuary..The senseless routine of mechanic exercise was in itself all but unendurable to me; I hated the standing in line, the thrustingout of arms and legs at a signal, the thud of feet stamping in constrained unison..Who shall calculate their readers?		
These are the things I shall never see again; things, indeed, so perfect in memory that I should dread to blur them by a newer experience..In the very word is something from which we shrink; it seems to signify nothing less than a national apostasy, a denial of the faith in which we won our glory..In days gone by, distance and rarity of communication assured peace between many realms.		
If so, optimism has to content itself with rather doubtful generalities..For me, what is called the unknowable is simply the nonexistent..The last mouthful swallowed, I was seated at my writingtable; aye, and there I sat for seven or eight hours, with a short munching interval, working as only few men worked in all London, with pleasure, zeal, hope.		
As, for instance, my JungStilling..Edisons and Marconis may thrill the world with astounding novelties; they astound me, as every one else, but straightway I forget my astonishment, and am in every respect the man I was before..Many a volume regards me from the shelf as though reproachfully; shall I never again take it in my hands?		
Let every land have joy of its poet; for the poet is the land itself, all its greatness and its sweetness, all that incommunicable heritage for which men live and die..It is wide of the mark to object that other Republics, which change their President more frequently, support the semblance of over lordship at considerably less cost to the people..For a man whose life's business it has been to study the English tongue, what joy can equal that of marking the happy ease wherewith Shakespeare surpasses, in mere command of words, every achievement of those even who, apart from him, are great?		
And of a truth, of a truth, what spectator can there be?.Note the tree he chose, the olive, sacred to Athena, emblem of peace..Perhaps when I lie waiting for the end, some of those lost books will come into my wandering thoughts, and I shall remember them as friends to whom I owed a kindnessfriends passed upon the way.		
Near by, too, is a hedge covered with great white blooms of the bindweed..Comfortable in the good old sense of the word, giving solace to the mind no less than ease to the body..The very I, it is too plain, consists but with a certain balance of my physical elements, which we call health.		
I was at ramble in the lanes, when, from somewhere at a distance, there sounded the voice of a countrymanstrange to saysinging..Can it truly be said that most men find the wishes of their youth satisfied in later life?.I could never ask from a landlady anything which was not in our bond, and only once or twice did I receive spontaneous offer of help.		
Yet he would never dream that I envied him; he would think it as probable, no doubt, that I should compare myself unfavourably with one of the farm horses..Surely as foolish a question as ever man put to himself..Your average mortal will be your average mortal still: and if he grow conscious of power, if he becomes vocal and selfassertive, if he get into his hands all the material resources of the country, why, you have a state of things such as at present looms menacingly before every Englishman blessedor cursedwith an unpopular spirit.		
When first I read that passage, it represented exactly the state of my own mind; to think of Italy was to feel myself goaded by a longing which, at times, made me literally ill; I, too, had put aside my Latin books, simply because I could not endure the torment of imagination they caused me..And one may safely say that, of all the ages since a coin first became the symbol of power, ours is that in which it yields to the majority of its possessors the poorest return in heart's contentment..Peculiar to me is the effort to overcome this first impulsean effort which often enough succeeds.		
Late at night, I shall walk all the way back to Islington, most likely singing as I go..It is idle to talk to us of "the Greeks.".I, too, may perhaps live for some years; but for me there is no more activity, no ambition.		
I have heard an impatient innovator scoff at the English law on the subject of mustard, and demand why, in the nature of things, mustard should not be eaten with mutton..I note, too, that his leisure is not swamped with the publications of the day; he reads as many old books as new, and keeps many of his early enthusiasms..She brings the little table within the glow of the hearth, so that I can help myself without changing my easy position.		
But in those old days, if I am not mistaken, I rather preferred the seasons of bad weather; I had, in fact, the true instinct of townsfolk, which finds pleasure in the triumph of artificial circumstance over natural conditions, delighting in a glare and tumult of busy life under hostile heavens which, elsewhere, would mean shivering illcontent..England dependent for dairyproduce upon France, Denmark, America?.I think of death very often; the thought, indeed, is ever in the background of my mind; yet free in another sense I assuredly am, for death inspires me with no fear.		
But to understand how "comfort," and the virtues it implies, can exist amid such conditions, one must penetrate to the hearthside; the door must be shut, the curtain drawn; here "home" does not extend beyond the threshold..Before her mind's eye was the picture of Denzil Quarrier's studyits luxury, brightness, wealth of volumes; and Denzil's face made an inseparable part of the scene..He had talked himself into a tremor, and the exhibition of feeling astonished his brother, whoas is so often the case between brothershad never suspected what lay beneath the surface of Eustace's dilettante life.		
His sister was reading there in solitude.."Eustace well again?"."I am quite sure he is an honourable manquite sure I believe he has very high thoughts.		
If he entertained guests, they were people of his own kind, who thought more of the hearty welcome than of what was set before them..Apart with Lilian, Mrs. Liversedge had begun to talk of the society of Polterham..He looked at the halfcrown, smiled, and handed it to the cabman.		
I have heard this calumny before, and I have been told how it has arisen..Then he cursed the man Marks, whose political schemes would betray the valuable secret, and make it certain that none of that more substantial assistance promised by Quarrier would ever be given..I think you can believe me, dear?"		
"Do let me know how Lilian is.."They were at St. Luke's last Sunday," Mrs. Walker was able to declare, though her wonted timidity again threw some suspicion on the statement.."I have nothing whatever to do with politics."		
"It's a strange coincidence," she said at length, "very strange that this should happen on the eve of the election."."You astonish me!."Mrs. Wade," he said, as soon as the door had closed, "shouldn't I do better to throw up the game?		
He looked Northway in the eyes.."Poor Serena!".Will you allow me to be your intermediary?		
I was brutal (as I often am), and the poor girl began to cry..That morning there had occurred a quarrel of more than usual bitterness between mother and daughter..The calendar on his writingtable reminded him that it was Thursday.		
He had taken especial care to have her dressed in the manner that became his wife; Parisian science had gone to the making of her costume, and its efforts were not wasted..Glazzard.".I shall be so glad toto help you in any way I canso very glad."		
But the next instant she was aware of the stranger, who stood in obvious embarrassment.."The best of all between eleven at night and two in the morning..You'll hear his answer.		
"And pray," asked Denzil, with a laugh, "what would be the result of giving the franchise to such women?".Youa man of your standingno, no, it was completely a mistake, believe me!".There Mrs. Wade visited her, and they talked for a long time; it was decided that Lilian should go to Peartree Cottage on the following afternoon, and remain in seclusion until the contest was over.		
"I will go and talk to all the people we know" "Really!.On her first arrival in the town she wore the garb of recent widowhood; relatives here she had none, but an old friendship existed between her and the occupants of this house, a childless couple named Hornibrook.."So you go to Sicily.		
She was to come back with Mr. Becket and the boys, and then go to her people.."Nothing less than an accusation of bribery and corruption.".Lilian rose to her feet, and moaned despairingly.		
Denzil uttered a few violent oaths, reminiscences of the Navy.."You hear what I say?."Let us talk in the carriage.		
"I know it is wiser to do so.".Denzil felt no need of assistance in drawing up the manifesto which would shortly be addressed to Liberal Polterham; but Hammond was a pleasant fellow of the goahead species, and his editorial pen would be none the less zealous for confidences such as this.."I am telling the story without her leave, butwell, in a way, as I said, the necessity is forced upon me.		
Northway drew in his cheeks, and stared at her persistently..But the beginning is everything..No, I don't ask you to come and live with me at once; I don't expect that.		
Lilian became my wife, for good and allno doubt about that!."I shall walk on into Clifton; so here we say goodbye for the present.A week or ten days."."Now listen," pursued the speaker, shifting about in his chair.		
Tobias himself had yielded to the spirit of the hour; he told merry stories of incidents that had come under his notice  that morning..Denzil assisted his companion to alight, and, whilst she was opening the housedoor, bade the coachman go up and down till he was summoned..And, bythebye, it's time you called on the Catesbys.		
But he faced about again abruptly, laughed, held out his hand..We go to Sicily for the honeymoon."."I know what the end of this'll be!"		
Marvellous to say, they were encouraged in this view by people whom Providence had blessed with all the satisfactions that earth can give..To whom?".The Radicals have often tried to draw me into their camp, and of course it's taken for granted that I am rather for than against them.		
Then he spoke very quietly..What a hope had come to her of a sudden last autumn!.I don't say" "Then wait till we know something definite," growled Mr. Vawdrey.		
"If you will consent to follow in the path I have prepared..I don't mind going so far as to declare that I share this dissatisfaction.".Nothing unexpected had befallen; there was an account of the nomination, and plenty of rancour against the Radicals, but assuredly, up to the hour of the Mercury's going to press, no public scandal had exploded in Polterham.		
They'll all go to Huxtable's, that's what they'll do!.I sha'n't let you go back..You shall hear about it afterwards."		
He laughed outright..He stood up.."The Sagas, probably?"		
"I suppose so.".Rarely in this century has there been an occasion more critical.."What can that be?"		
he called, in a low voice.."You?."Do let me know what it is," she replied, in a low voice.		
He's weak, that's all.."Judging from what I have heard of your talk.."Didn't I say she came from Denmark?"		
Feeling that all eyes were fixed upon him, Glazzard made an uneasy movement, and rose from his chair..Lilian exclaimed, raising herself..But then no doubt your father told him the rest, or has done by this time.		
