How could they take him?...It seemed the very picture of an Algerian village after a swarm of locusts, a bare, devastated, devoured, and riddled scene; the houses with doors and windows all wide open, even to the little iron gates of the kennels and the latticed shutters of the rabbithutches.		
.....		
A few days before, it had been bitten on the muzzle by a viper, and it had been turned out to graze in a little field of aftergrass; and there he was, looking at his masters going away, leaning his swollen head, which gave him the appearance of one of the beasts of the Apocalypse, over the hedge..[Picture: On the steps by the lock] Near us, moored some fifty or sixty feet from the shore, a dredgingboat reared its black mass above the water, with its barrels and bucketchain to clear away the sand..—To the dredger .		
..One day, while crossing the forest of Sénart, I discovered the Hermitage, and for the last ten years I have spent all my summers there...		
The village seemed to awaken..All the little details in which I used to take pleasure, like those egotists in disguise—recluses and hermits—I now find despicable..We impatiently waited for daybreak, not knowing exactly what distance separated us from the land, nor how we should be able to reach it.		
..However, I must make the attempt ..When I am there, the forest surrounds me like an ocean, with the swell of the foliage, the ebb and flow of the breezes, the murmuring softness of a calm.		
....A window above the dairy opens cautiously, and I see the cunning, somewhat unkempt head of the farmer appear, with his untrimmed beard, and his small round, suspicious eyes hidden under bushy eyebrows.		
The very first Prussian I met on the road I sprang upon like a wild beast and cut his throat with this ..—It always buys tobacco, as good old Guillard used to say...		
Our journey has failed..If I harnessed Colaquet, we might go and fetch some flour ..And now, good mother, let us start; and above all, you know what I said to you; try not to cry.		
How had I got home?.During the last three months the unhappy village had been in this condition..The pretty country village, where I had so often breakfasted before a day’s shooting, seemed to be sixty miles farther away .		
Today I have seen no one..MYSELF...		
..I am sure that already the grass is growing across my threshold, and that the invading forest is hemming me closely in...		
....One would think there was an evil spirit within me that the war has called forth .		
I had to bake some bread today, and could not summon up courage to do it..I already saw the Hermitage invaded, searched, my retreat discovered; and I felt angry with that unfortunate peasant for having sought refuge so near me, as if all the forest were not large enough..However, I am a complete prisoner.		
.....		
..In a small brickfloored room behind the kitchen, a green paper had been put up, coloured glass had been let into the window, and a pair of gilt firedogs, a round teatable, and a large armchair covered with worn chintz, had been placed in it..Then, walking slowly, and leaning on a stick, I go round the garden, picking the ripe fruit; and from the long, dry, sunburnt stalks I gather the beans, whose pods burst open and shed their contents through my fingers.		
At PortCourcelles we had the same fear..[Picture: Overgrown quarry]                                 * * * * *                      [Picture: Robert gathering wood]                                                       Unknown date ..I must even make a confession, Mr. Robert.		
The four principal walls remain standing, but mouldering and crumbling at intervals, making on the turf, heaps of red stone quickly reclothed by a rich and luxuriant vegetation: poppies, barley, stiffgrowing plants with regular and pointed leaves, are divided by the stones like inlaid metalwork....if I could only have gone off with them, stuck on my head their ridiculous headgear, and fought in their ranks, under the walls of the good city!		
..I am filled with feelings of indignation, pity, horror, and anger ...		
My wife will leave you our keys..When my poultryyard is empty, I shall be able to snare some of those fine cockpheasants that come round the Hermitage to pick up the grains of buckwheat hidden in the wet soil..Then I understood the flag, the splinters of wood, the pieces of cast iron, and the smell of burnt powder we had noticed in the cabin.		
..You can do what you will with them ..—I trust you are not going to remain here, Mr. Robert, the good woman called out as she crossed the orchard .		
I have cut away just enough of it to be able to open my windows..It would soon, however, reach it, for in several places the sides of the room were cracked almost down to the level of the waves, and we found ourselves lighted by the leaden reflection of the darkness on the water..They are firing on Paris, the wretches!		
It was a monastery of Cordeliers,” burnt down in ‘93..How had I been able to avoid the Uhlans, who swarmed on the highway...		
.....		
In spite of the slight jolting, I found the drive delightful....The enormous gnarled willows of the two islets became in the night so many shoals, that we narrowly escaped.		
Yet it seems to me that it must be October.....		
The Prussian officers are like our own, they are very fond of playing billiards....I hear something like the snap of a stick in my leg, followed by horrible pain.		
Let loose in the room, he quietly went about pecking between the tiles..Poor man!.His old sister could not believe it.		
"I have the proof of it now.".Unfortunately, right in the middle of the prospectus, the cafe closed..And when, just at dinnertime, a box at the theatre or an invitation for the evening was sent to her from the floor below, while she was dressing, overjoyed at the opportunity to exhibit herself, she thought of nothing but crushing her rival.		
The real fact concerning this affair of honor was that M. Chebe had given notice of his intention to leave the little house at Montrouge, and had hired a shop with an entresol in the Rue du Mail, in the midst of a business district..In his present agitation and perplexity it was like the harbor with its smooth, deep water, the sunny, peaceful quay, where the women work while awaiting their husbands and fathers, though the wind howls and the sea rages..While the fine weather lasted, the good people did not weary of admiring the sunsets behind the fortifications, the long days, the bracing country air.		
Can you imagine it, I say?.But why bother one's head about all these spiteful creatures?.Their feeling at first when they were together was one of satisfied vanity.		
So I      will come to the point at once..The old peasant's gayety, for its freer expansion, needed little Sidonie, who did not take alarm at his jests..That will be better for my health than all the excitement of the capital."		
The tawdry glitter of the theatre, the red and gold of the hangings, were genuine splendor to her..With her eyes staring into vacancy, her needle in the air, arrested in its pretty, industrious movement, she has gone away to the blue country, that wonderful country whither one may go at will, without thought of any infirmity..Her electrified fingers moved with redoubled swiftness.		
The whole establishment is alert..Madame Chebe would smile softly without replying..It often happened, toward night, that Georges's carriage, driving through the gateway, would compel Madame Risler to step hastily aside as she was returning in a gorgeous costume from a triumphal promenade.		
"The most dismal things on earth," she used to say..She bloomed among them like a pretty paper flower in a filigree jardiniere..[They say that thou'rt to marry                     Thou know'st that I may die.]		
It seems as if the oppression of the week's labor vanishes with the steam from the machinery, as it escapes in a hissing cloud of vapor over the gutters..Madame requires too much..One by one the workmen moved away from the grating, counting the money that glistened in their black hands.		
He found there articles of furniture with which he had been familiar for twenty years, the portrait of his former employer; and his dear Madame Chorche, bending over some little piece of needle work at his side, seemed to him even younger and more lovable among all those old souvenirs..It is a commission intrusted to me by a friend."."Mouriiiiir!"		
A man ought to be on the spot, always on the spot, in the breach.."Have you not seen your brother?".On their arrival at the chateau, the two families separated until dinner; but, in the presence of his wife sitting tranquilly beside the sleeping child, Georges Fromont, too young to be absorbed by the joys of domesticity, was continually thinking of the brilliant Sidonie, whose voice he could hear pouring forth triumphant roulades under the trees in the garden.		
She preferred to go out alone..The unlucky manager had eaten so many meals on credit at his restaurant that he dared not go there again..For a whole week the actor had delved away at plans and figures, seated between his wife and daughter, who watched him in admiration, and intoxicated themselves with this latest dream.		
I feel sure that all that's necessary is a little success to make him young and happy again..He described Sidonie's conduct, her mad extravagance, the total wreck of the family honor..But neither Pyramus nor Thisbe, not even Kiss, the formidable Newfoundland, had made a sign.		
The two men, drinking in silence, lost their patience and fidgeted about on the bench, each hoping that the other would tire of waiting..But he had tremendous success, no end of recalls..And, despite his grief, he had almost a triumphant air.		
It is a great pity..I assure you.."And such company!"		
exclaimed M. Chebe, incensed at the thought of his soninlaw escaping him..he has been foolish enough to send the father and mother away from their daughter; if anything happens to her, he can't blame us..if your father could only succeed!"		
But when the rain came and he could not go out, what misery!.It was a dangerous commission..Only, if I go into broadcloths I must have a man to travel; for the best kinds come from Sedan and Elbeuf.		
His terrified wife rose and timidly approached him, while Desiree half rose in her armchair with an expression of nervous agony that distorted all her features..In addition to all these advantages, only a hedge separated this paradise from another "chalet with garden" of precisely the same description, occupied by Sigismond Planus the cashier, and his sister..He recognized the map fastened to the wall by four pins, the window on the landing, and the Delobelles' little sign: 'Birds and Insects for Ornament.'		
The old cashier, surrounded by his lieutenants, has a businesslike, aweinspiring air..Night was falling.."And even suppose it were true," cried M. Chebe, furious at her persistence.		
The mother was compelled to remain away, and it often happened that she was unable to go with Sidonie to meet the partners when they came from Paris at night..From time to time Fromont Jeune, on the point of going out in his carriage, looks in for a moment, with a cigar in his mouth, neatly gloved and ready for the street..it's Monsieur Frantz."		
And to bed he would go, to his wife's great relief..the barefooted children, the tiny creatures wrapped in old shawls, the shabby women, whose tearstained faces were as white as the linen caps that surmounted them..The account of stock is usually taken late in December, between Christmas and New Year's Day.		
When he had composed his prospectus and made his estimates, he went to the factory to see Risler, who, being very busy, made an appointment to meet him in the Rue Blondel; and that same evening, Delobelle, being the first to arrive at the brewery, established himself at their old table, ordered a pitcher of beer and two glasses, and waited..The actor displayed his figures..He already fancied himself actingfor that was the main pointacting, in a theatre of his own, roles written expressly for him, to suit his talents, in which he would produce all the effect of Suddenly the door opened, and M. Chebe made his appearance amid the pipe smoke.		
here he is!".He took the first omnibus that left the office in the morning, returned at dinnertime, and on Sundays remained at home, tending his flowers and his poultry..Madame Chebe, a thorough Parisian, sighed for the narrow streets of the Marais, her expeditions to the market of Blancs Manteaux, and to the shops of the quarter.		
He had been detained at home; Sidonie had companyDelobelle touched M. Chebe's foot under the table and, as he spoke, the poor man, decidedly perplexed by the two empty glasses that awaited him, wondered in front of which of the two he ought to take his seat.."Claire Fromont plays the piano; I will sing..A veritable little iceberg, in very truth.		
Having no social connections, she came gradually to make a friend of her singingmistress..And to a more direct suggestion, not daring to answer, "No," he took refuge behind such phrases as "I will see""Perhaps later" "I don't say no"and finally uttered the unlucky words "I must see the estimates.".Only Sigismond, the old cashier, was really ill at ease.		
The whole house hold was asleep..The workwomen laughed sneeringly and whispered: "Just look at that Tata Bebelle!.The blinds of the little house at the foot of the garden had been closed for two weeks.		
Two or three times she heard some one near her whisper, "That is Madame Fromont Jeune," and, indeed, it was a simple matter for people to make the mistake, seeing the three return together from the station, Sidonie sitting beside Georges on the back seat, laughing and talking with him, and Risler facing them, smiling contentedly with his broad hands spread flat upon his knees, but evidently feeling a little out of place in that fine carriage..To think that he used to live in the little room near hers, that they used to hear his step on the stairs and the noise made by his table when he dragged it to the window to draw!.As soon as that idea occurred to him, Sigismond Planus began to tremble seriously for his cashbox.		
The end of the year, that is to say, the striking of the balancesheet..People stared at them a great deal..The two women were waiting for him, working as usual, but with a sort of feverish activity which was strange to them.		
By the way, come and see me after the inventory..And it was fortunate that he did not speak, for he would have told her all, all..He refused resolutely.		
In vain now did the other sing..yes; true..They were in a manufactory of wallpapers on Faubourg SaintAntoine, the establishment of the little Prochassons, who were beginning to be formidable rivals.		
Be sure that it's well frozen and ready at seven o'clock..Vanity, his dominating passion, overflowed in his whole manner, do what he would..At last day broke with the shuddering glare so distressing to invalids.		
Not knowing the way, she walks straight ahead..She was always the same little iceberg..Were you suffering so terribly?		
Before replying, the exactor, who never failed to precede his most trivial words with some facial play, learned long before for stage purposes, dropped his lower lip, in token of disgust and loathing, as if he had just swallowed something very bitter.."I have put father's supper by the fire..She was his brother's wife!		
But no..As she lay in bed with her eyes closed, Desiree saw anew all the incidents of her suicide, all the hideous scenes through which she had passed in returning from death to life..The gardener was raking the paths.		
In heaven's name, what potion had she given him?.Indeed, in the bottom of her heart she blessed this misfortune which brought him nearer to her and became a bond between their two lives, which had long lain so far apart.."No, Monsieur Frantz, no one, so far as I know."		
For a moment past she had seemed to him too lovely, too alluring..if they could but meet..Sigismond Planus is growing old, that is plain.		
She was talking with animation..He would recognize her at once.."This way, Chebe, this way.		
She could sleep by favor of her heedless, remorseless nature..He played the role of the unhappy father from one end of the boulevard to the other..Frantz no longer heard her or saw her.		
No more uncertainty, no more clashing between passion and duty..Pale, disenchanted, with her mind upon other things, in the flickering light of the candles which seemed to be burning incense, the air was so heavy with the odor of the hyacinths and lilacs in the garden, she began a Creole ballad very popular in Louisiana, which Madame Dobson herself had arranged for the voice and piano:               "Pauv' pitit Mam'zelle Zizi,                C'est l'amou, l'amou qui tourne la tete a li.".There was a moment of effusive greetings and innumerable embraces.		
Streets, more streets, then a square and a bridge whose lanterns make another luminous bridge in the black water.."Ah!.Frantz's presence seemed to surprise her greatly, and, being engrossed by her delight in talking with her former friend, she hardly looked at him.		
At every hour in the day he was by Desiree's side, and clung to her like a child..Ah!.I forgot to enter it."		
Come, woman Delobelle, answer, why was it?.They're not clean enough for money honestly earned.".CHAPTER XVII AN ITEM OF NEWS In the evening preceding that illomened day, a few moments after Frantz had stealthily left his room on Rue de Braque, the illustrious Delobelle returned home, with downcast face and that air of lassitude and disillusionment with which he always met untoward events.		
Then horrible thoughts came to his mind..Suddenly aroused from her torpor, Desiree sat up in her bed, threw off the blanket in which they had wrapped her, and despite fatigue and fever tried to stand, in order to regain full possession of her faculties and her will..Yes, it was a terrible thing to go out into the street alone.		
"Oh, I have checkmated him," replied Sidonie; "only I must be careful..But, as with all those who live in the delirium of intoxication, his cowardice convinced him that it was too late to mend matters, and he returned more quickly and more determinedly to his evil courses, in order to forget, to divert his thoughts..Great God!		
And Frantz still waits..Claire listened to him without speaking, with a smile of incredulity..The uproar has been transferred to the line of the railway, and suddenly a shrill whistle falls upon the lover's ear like an ironical farewell, then dies away in the darkness.		
Desiree motioned to him not to speak, pointing to her sleeping mother..He explained everything in detail..With what heartrending expression, with the cry of a wounded dove, did she repeat that refrain, so melancholy and so sweet, in the childlike patois of the colonies:           "C'est l'amou, l'amou qui tourne la tete...." It was enough to drive the unlucky judge mad as well.		
A broad, very low divan ran all around the wall..You don't know the life he is leading up yonder..our young men need to be careful.		
"Ah!.When she had finished, he took the floor in his turn, began naturally enough with "I was sure of itI always said soI knew we should see what it would all come to"and continued in the same vulgar, insulting tone, ending with the declaration that, in view of his principles, which were well known in the family, he would not lend a sou..Frantz gazed at her a moment without speaking.		
In the carriage, the officer who accompanied her was too polite, too affable..She seemed not to understand, shrank from him, withdrew her hand.."Take the notes back.		
The actor looked at his "sainted wife," and seemed greatly surprised to find that she did really look so badly..It alarmed him; but the bell at the wicket, which had now been opened, summoned him..For, at the mere name of Mam'zelle Zizi, Frantz was suddenly transported to a gloomy chamber in the Marais, a long way from Sidonie's salon, and his compassionate heart evoked the image of little Desiree Delobelle, who had loved him so long.		
The illustrious Delobelle was never there..From a distance he descried his brother's house, already awake, the open blinds and the flowers on the windowsills..He continued: "Listen to me, Sidonie!		
Little by little Mam'zelle Zizi took possession of his heart and banished from it even the memory of Sidonie.."Sidonie!".no, do not die.		
It was Death alone at which the little cripple was gazing so earnestly..At all events, in that way it will still be allowable for me to love him, and we shall not pass our whole lives as strangers.'.After many departures and arrivals and shrill whistles, the station suddenly became empty, as deserted as a church on weekdays.		
From time to time she said a word or two to Madame Dobson, or smiled sadly at her, and Frantz, not daring to look at her, followed the motions of her bluelined parasol and of the white flounces of her skirt..Simply from seeing him enter the room, she had realized that her repose was threatened, that an interview of the gravest importance was to take place between them..He wandered about some time before he could summon courage to enter.		
"Confess it!yes!".Yes, there, and there only, was his salvation..The hangings were new, and the Persian patternbirds flying among bluish reedsproduced the effect of a dream in summer, ethereal figures floating before one's languid eyes.		
The music from the neighboring Casino reached their ears, with the "Yoho!".At the rate they're sailing their ship, the same thing is likely to happen to them that happened to Bonnardel..Now she had admitted that she did not love him, that she loved another.		
