When her father found fault because she would not have older people round her, as did Livia, she parried the paternal reproof by the neat rejoinder"They will be older as soon as I am..As I carefully study every word, I have heard with my ears the fury, the rage, the roar of the winds; I have heard the trembling of the mountain and the din..I mean that your tears have often stung your conscience but not changed your will.		
I deplore, if I may yet again make use of a phrase of Horace, that I must live "only from day to day..The generals of great armies depend on those whom they seem to command, and, kept in check by their armed legions, they find the very soldiers who render them invincible also render them in turn helpless..ludicrous anxiety and tragic neglect, to worry and trouble yourself about a time at which you may never arrive and in which you assuredly will not have long to stay, and yet to be quite oblivious of that end at which you cannot help arriving, and of which there is no remedy when you once have reached it.		
It is a false boast of yours that she has held you back from base things; from some perhaps she may, but only to plunge you into evils worse still..Moreover, while other passions attack me only in bouts, which, though frequent, are but short and for a moment, this one usually has invested me so closely that it clings to and tortures me for whole days and nights together..But my conscience is witness, and knows what have been my desires, that never have I ceased to love with burning zeal the things eternal.		
Tell me briefly what are the remedies I must use?.2, 623..Augustine. You are like people who on the slightest offence rake up all the old grounds of quarrel they ever had.		
S..You seek too eagerly the praise of men, and to leave behind you an undying name..It will tell you that you have never longed for spiritual health as you ought, but that, considering what great dangers beset you, your wishes were but feeble and ineffective.		
"[48] And Cicero has not scrupled to affirm that "she is the mistress; of human affairs..Yes, I will freely admit that I am not disposed for a moment to reject such examples, which are, for me, part of the luggage I carry daily in my mind; for it is a pleasure to me not only in such misfortunes as Nature or chance have already allotted me, but also in those which they may still have in store; it is a pleasure, I say, to have ever at hand such matter of comfort and consolation as I can obtain only from some truly cogent reason or outstanding example..S.		
If you will steadily observe human nature, you will discover that in a general way it is content with very little, and, in your case particularly, there is hardly a man who needs less for his satisfaction, unless you had been blinded by prejudices..S..To scrape through life on water and dry bread     That you may have a fortune when you're dead?		
As you wish..All the world owes this to itself, but especially such a man as yourself, who have so great a public to justify, and one which is always talking of you..Petrarch. What kind of notes?		
S..Augustine. It shall be yours if you wish..Do you put no difference between things so entirely opposed?		
But such is your execrable habitto care for what's temporal, and be careless for all that's eternal..S.."[3] This is the saying, mark you, of one who know quite well that he was the prince of Latin oratory, and had already shown that he was not afraid to challenge Greece for the palm of literary glory.		
For the rest, there is no one in his senses who does not see death one way or another, and in reality Cicero's word prospicere means to see from afar..I make no such demand on you as that..I care as much for what the crowd thinks of me as I care what I am thought of by the beasts of the field.		
S..All this destroys the soul accustomed to any better kind of life, banishes all serenity from a generous heart, and quite upsets the student's habit of mind..Nothing, or almost nothing.		
What but this was in her heart when, unmoved by my entreaties, unyielding to my caress, she safeguarded her woman's honour, and in spite of her youth and mine, in spite of a thousand circumstances that would have bent a heart of adamant, she stood her ground, resolute and unsubdued?.Augustine. By all means say on..But think like a man and with your wits about you; for fear lest while you are in the act of flying you be cunningly entangled, as not a few have been when Beauty's fascinating charm steals upon them by some little, unlookedfor channel, and then is fed and strengthened by evil remedies.		
What I said was you must make it ready..I saidor if, perchance, I am mistaken, I intended to saythat my wish was to use mortal things for what they were worth, to do no violence to nature by bringing to its good things a limitless and immoderate desire, and so to follow after human fame as knowing that both myself and it will perish..I understand and agree with you and will act on your advice.		
And do you suppose what has befallen so many others may not befall you?.Petrarch. Unless I am deceived, there is no man alive who is more often revolving this thought in his heart than I..But if you would only make notes of the chief points in what you read you would then gather the fruit of your reading.		
S..Think, moreover, what tasks on all sides are claiming your attention, and by which you may do far more good and deserve far more honour: how many things you have on hand, as yet uncompleted, to which it would be far better for you to return, and devote more time, instead of attempting them so perfunctorily as you have en doing lately..The man who has one year of life possesses something certain though short; whereas he who has no such promise and lies under the power of death (whose stroke may fall at any moment), which is the common lot of all menthis man, I say, is not sure of a year, a day; no, not even of one hour.		
Augustine. Vex not yourself, I pray you, when you ought rather to rejoice..Then listen..I discern very clearly the fourfold passion of our nature, which, first of all, we divide in two as it has respect to past and future, and then subdivide again in respect of good and evil.		
I am surely not so forgetful of myself nor so featherbrained as to let myself trouble about cares of that sort..S..S.		
When I bid you think on your own whitening forehead, do you quote me a crowd of famous men whose locks were white also?.Petrarch. Of what use is desire, then?.Ever since you grew tired of your leafy trees, of your simple way of life, and society of country people, egged on by cupidity, you have plunged once more into the midst of the tumultuous life of cities.		
So, if you ask one of this set of men for a definition of a man or of anything else, they have their answer quite pat, as the saying goes; if you press him further, he will lie low, or if by sheer practice in arguing he has acquired a certain boldness and power of speech, the very tone of the man will tell you he possesses no real knowledge of the thing he sets out to define..For how often and often, longing to get well, and familiar with advice like this, have I tried this remedy of flight; and though I have feigned various other reasons for it, yet the end and aim of all my peregrinations and all my retirement to the country was this one thingto become free!.Augustine. Other people, I fancy, might say the same of theirs; for true it is that in all the passions, and most of all in this, every man interprets his own case favourably, and there is point in the verse though from a common poet     "To every man his lady,        Then one to me assign;      To every man his love affairs,        And so let me have mine!		
But this I do with such indifference that it is plain enough I only descend to such necessities because I am so obliged..Petrarch. No, but of cupidity, and I do not believe there is a man in the world more free of this fault than myself..Yet I know not where to begin, so many complications alarm me.		
Why and wherefore, I ask, this perpetual toil, these ceaseless vigils, and this intense application to study?.Petrarch. I have already told you you were wasting your time..[28] Æneid, ii.		
And, moreover, what boots it that others shall approve what you have said if in the court of your own conscience it stands condemned?.Augustine. Nor do I wonder, for you have endured its burden long enough..My own remembrance tells mo that I have never loved anything to be ashamed of, and, on the contrary, have ever loved what is most noble.		
[4] S..It is of the latter that Seneca was thinking when he wrote that maxim..You admit, therefore, that the argument is just and the chain of reasoning valid, when we say that a perfect knowledge of one's misery will beget a perfect desire to be rid of it, if only the power to be rid may follow the desire.		
S..Petrarch. I am sorry if I have in any way expressed myself arrogantly, but if the spirit is the true rule of one's deeds and words, then my own bears me witness that I intended nothing in that sense..But I loathe and abominate profoundly everything that conceals from him the truth that old age is the port of departure from this life, and blinds him to the need of reflecting on death.		
S..Augustine. It matters little from whom you learned the truth, though it is a fact that the authority of a great master will often have a profound influence..Is it not?		
S..Petrarch. Unless I am deceived by acting as judge in my own cause, what you say is so true that I am often inclined to fear I am too wanting in what is due both to my sex and this age; wherein, as you doubtless observe, everything goes to the shameless..I have observed that no man more than you abhors the manners and behaviour of the common herd.		
75..A public spectacle like this strikes the attention and touches the heart of mortal men; and what then they see in the case of another is brought home as pertaining also to themselves..O trees, with earliest green of springtime hours,      And all spring's pale and tender violets!		
XV      Voi ch'ascoltate in rime sparse il suono      Di quei sospiri ond'io nudriva il core      In sul mio primo giovenile errore,      Quand' era in parte altr'uom da quel ch'i' sono;      Del vario stile, in ch'io piango e ragiono      Fra le vane speranze e 'l van dolore,      Ove sia chi per prova intenda amore,      Spero trovar pietà, non che perdono..Così mi vivo, e così avvolge e spiega      Lo stame della vita che m'è data,      Questa sola fra noi del ciel sirena..O fierce desire!		
VI      I once beheld on earth celestial graces      And heavenly beauties scarce to mortals known,      Whose memory yields nor joy nor grief alone,      But all things else in cloud and dreams effaces..In his later sonnets, Laura grows more distinctly individual to us; her traits show themselves as more characteristic, her temperament more intelligible, her precise influence upon Petrarch clearer..But now I see full well how long I earned      All men's reproof; and oftentimes my soul      Lies crushed by its own grief; and it doth seem      For such misdeed shame is the fruitage whole,      And wild repentance and the knowledge learned      That worldly joy is still a short, short dream.		
And she, contented with her newfound bliss,      Ranks with the perfect in that upper sphere,      Yet ever and anon looks back on this,      To watch for me, as if for me she stayed..The very light of heaven hath lost its powers      Mid fading ways our loftiest dreams to find;      Men jeer at him whose footsteps are inclined      Where Helicon from dewy fountains showers..Few are the hearts that prize the poet's lines:      Yet, friend, the more I hail thy spirit glad!		
"Time is the chariot of all ages to carry men away, and beauty cannot bribe this charioteer.".V      O wandering steps!.In the sonnet (Gli angeli eletti) visions multiply upon visions.		
So change the sonnets after Laura's death, growing shadowy as they recede, until the very last (Gli occhi di ch'io parlai) seems to merge itself in the blue distance..What delicate accuracy of delineation is seen, for instance, in the sonnet (Dolci durezze)!.Who can wonder that women prize beauty, and are intoxicated by their own fascinations, when these fragile gifts are yet strong enough to outlast all the memories of statesmanship and war?		
Who strives with Nature's laws is overbold,      And Time to his commandment bids us bow..But the infinite beauty that all eyes doth fill,      This none can learn!.Is there no reward to be imagined for a delightful book that can match Browning's fantastic burial of a tedious one?		
Come s'acquista onor, come Dio s'ama,      Com'è giunta onestà con leggiadria,      Ivi s'impara, e qual è dritta via      Di gir al Ciel, che lei aspetta e brama..This is to Laura singing (Quando Amor)..IV      Qual donna attende a gloriosa fama      Di senno, di valor, di cortesia,      Miri fiso negli occhi a quella mia      Nemica, che mia donna il mondo chiama.		
This is one of the last (Dicemi spesso)..IV      Doth any maiden seek the glorious fame      Of chastity, of strength, of courtesy?.Aer felice, col bel vivo raggio      Rimanti.		
And while I think, our swift existence flies,      And none can live again earth's brief career,      Then in my deepest heart the voice replies      Of one who now has left this mortal sphere,      But walked alone through earthly destinies,      And of all women is to fame most dear..Yet may not all thy woes be named with mine,      Since she whom thou dost mourn may live, yet live,      But death and heaven still hold my spirit's bride;      And all those long past days of sad decline      With all the joys remembered years can give      Still bid me ask "Sweet bird!.And as the variable and uncertain air comes freighted with cloverscent from yonder field, so floats through these long centuries a breath of fragrance, the memory of Laura.		
Subito allor, com'acqua il foco ammorza,      D'un lungo e grave sonno mi risveglio:      E veggio ben che 'l nostro viver vola,      E ch'esser non si può più d'una volta;      E 'n mezzo 'l cor mi sona una parola      Di lei ch'è or dal suo bel nodo sciolta,      Ma ne' suoi giorni al mondo fu sì sola,      Ch'a tutte, s'i' non erro, fama ha tolta..'Mid which my pensive queen her footstep sets;      O plain, that hold'st her words for amulets      And keep'st her footsteps in thy leafy bowers!.With the world thus young, beauty eternal, fancy free, why should these delicious Italian pages exist but to be tortured into grammatical examples?		
These sonnets are in Petrarch's earlier manner; but the death of Laura brought a change..Yonder flies a kingfisher, and pauses, fluttering like a butterfly in the air, then dives toward a fish, and, failing, perches on the projecting wall.."And yet I live!"		
Look at yonder schooner coming down the bay straight toward us; she is hauled close to the wind, her jib is white in the sunlight, her larger sails are touched with the same snowy lustre, and all the swelling canvas is rounded into such lines of beauty as scarcely anything else in the worldhardly even the perfect outlines of the human formcan give..qual di mirto?.Gaze in the eyes of that sweet enemy      Whom all the world doth as my lady name!		
L'alma d'ogni suo ben spogliata e priva,      Amor della sua luce ignudo e casso      Devrian della pietà romper un sasso:      Ma non è chi lor duol riconti o scriva;      Ché piangon dentro, ov'ogni orecchia è sorda,      Se non la mia, cui tanta doglia ingombra,      Ch'altro che sospirar, nulla m'avanza..It is the sublimity of a despair not to be relieved by utterance..O souls of love and passion!		
Such and so indescribable is the atmospheric film that hangs over these poems of Petrarch's; there is a delicate haze about the words, that vanishes when you touch them, and reappears as you recede..XIII      Vago augelletto che cantando vai,      Ovver piangendo il tuo tempo passato,      Vedendoti la notte e 'l verno a lato,      E 'l dì dopo le spalle e i mesi gai;      Se come i tuoi gravosi affanni sai,      Così sapessi il mio simile stato,      Verresti in grembo a questo sconsolato      A partir seco i dolorosi guai..Qual vaghezza di lauro?		
Per man mi prese e disse: in questa spera      Sarai ancor meco, se 'l desir non erra;      I' son colei che ti die' tanta guerra,      E compie' mia giornata innanzi sera..An impression which has endured so long is ineffaceable; it is an earthly immortality..VII      Those eyes, 'neath which my passionate rapture rose,      The arms, hands, feet, the beauty that erewhile      Could my own soul from its own self beguile,      And in a separate world of dreams enclose,      The hair's bright tresses, full of golden glows,      And the soft lightning of the angelic smile      That changed this earth to some celestial isle,      Are now but dust, poor dust, that nothing knows.		
whose lovely garland seems      The sole reward that glory's deeds require!.I      O joyous, blossoming, everblessed flowers!.And thus I live: and thus is loosed and wound      The thread of life which unto me was given      By this sole Siren who with us doth dwell.		
'Mid those who in the loftiest heaven be      I looked on her, less haughty and more fair..I can think of no other passage in literature that has in it the same wide spaces of emotion..SONNETS      I      Lieti fiori e felici, e ben nate erbe,      Che Madonna, pensando, premer sole;      Piaggia ch'ascolti sue dolci parole,      E del bel piede alcun vestigio serbe;      Schietti arboscelli, e verdi frondi acerbe;      Amorosette e pallide viole;      Ombrose selve, ove percote il Sole,      Che vi fa co' suoi raggi alte e superbe;      O soave contrada, o puro fiume,      Che bagni 'l suo bel viso e gli occhi chiari,      E prendi qualità dal vivo lume;      Quanto v'invidio gli atti onesti e cari!		
How it clings, for instance, round this sonnet (Aura che quelle chiome)!.II      Quando Amor i begli occhi a terra inchina      E i vaghi spirti in un sospiro accoglie      Con le sue mani, e poi in voce gli scioglie      Chiara, soave, angelica, divina;      Sento far del mio cor dolce rapina,      E sì dentro cangiar pensieri e voglie,      Ch'i' dico: or fien di me l'ultime spoglie,      Se 'l Ciel sì onesta morte mi destina..who the myrtle twines?		
A companion sonnet, on the other hand (O passi sparsi), seems rather to be of the Shakespearean type; the successive phrases set sail, one by one, like a yacht squadron; each spreads its graceful wings and glides away..There is no rock so senseless but I deem      It burns with passion that to mine is near..Next to the immortality of genius is that which genius may confer upon the object of its love.		
L'infinita bellezza, ch'altrui abbaglia,      Non vi s'impara; ché quei dolci lumi      S'acquistan per ventura e non per arte..Let us try the axe again..They said among themselves; "for none has seen      Within this age arrive so fair a mien      From changing earth unto immortal rest."		
How true is its concluding line!.Before this continent was discovered, before English literature existed, when Chaucer was a child these words were written..Would that one could transfer into English the delicious way in which the sweet Italian rhymes recur and surround and seem to embrace each other, and are woven and unwoven and interwoven, like the heavenly hosts that gathered around Laura.		
O limpid stream,      That mirrorest her sweet face, her eyes so clear,      And of their living light canst catch the beam!.It is hard to handle this white canvas without soiling..A vessel sails by with plash and roar, and all the white spray along her side is sparkling with sunlight.		
XI      The holy angels and the spirits blest,      Celestial bands, upon that day serene      When first my love went by in heavenly sheen,      Came thronging, wondering at the gracious guest..O passion strong!.Ch'al suon de' detti sì pietosi e casti      Poco mancò ch'io non rimasi in cielo.		
In a later strain (Levommi il mio pensier) he rises to that dream which is more than earth's realities..Ma 'l suon, che di dolcezza i sensi lega,      Col gran desir d'udendo esser beata,      L'anima, al dipartir presta, raffrena..She took my hand, she said, "Within this sphere,      If hope deceive not, thou shalt dwell with me:      I filled thy life with war's wild agony;      Mine own day closed ere evening could appear.		
Macgregor, in the only version of this sonnet which I have seen, abandons all attempt at rhyme; but to follow the strict order of the original in this respect is a part of the pleasant problem which one cannot bear to forgo..Ella contenta aver cangiato albergo,      Si paragona pur coi più perfetti;      E parte ad or ad or si volge a tergo      Mirando s'io la seguo, e par ch'aspetti:      Ond'io voglie e pensier tutti al ciel ergo;      Perch'io l'odo pregar pur ch'i' m'affretti..O changeless memory!		
with me abide!".O pleasant countryside!.How honor grows, and pure devotion's flame,      How truth is joined with graceful dignity,      There thou mayst learn, and what the path may be      To that high heaven which doth her spirit claim;      There learn that speech, beyond all poet's skill,      And sacred silence, and those holy ways      Unutterable, untold by human heart.		
Che luce è questa, e qual nova beltate?.XIV      La gola e 'l sonno e l'oziose piume      Hanno del mondo ogni vertù sbandita,      Ond'è dal corso suo quasi smarrita      Nostra natura, vinta dal costume;      Ed è sì spento ogni benigno lume      Del ciel, per cui s'informa umana vita,      Che per cosa mirabile s'addita      Chi vuol far d'Elicona nascer fiume..VIII      She ruled in beauty o'er this heart of mine,      A noble lady in a humble home,      And now her time for heavenly bliss has come,      'Tis I am mortal proved, and she divine.		
These doves, in taking flight, do not rise from the ground at once, but, edging themselves closer to the brink, with a caution almost ludicrous in such airy things, thrust themselves upon the breeze with a shy little hop, and at the next moment are securely on the wing..1: Fam., i., 3, 4..Only the latter is spoken of, and that at great length, in his imaginary confession to St. Augustine (see below, p. 93 sqq.).		
(To Charles IV., Emperor August...) 11: Given below, pp....I have heard that our Old Man of Ravenna,[4] who is by no means a bad judge in such matters, is accustomed, whenever the conversation turns on these matters, to assign you the third place.		
It is enough to have excelled in one kind of composition..Every day I try either to make some progress in the more important writings which I have in hand or to finish outright some one little thing..One peak of the mountain, the highest of all, the country people call "Sonny," why, I do not know, unless by antiphrasis, as I have sometimes suspected in other instances; for the peak in question would seem to be the father of all the surrounding ones.		
I determined to communicate the discovery to you; not that there is room any longer for correction, the poem being well known by this time and scattered far and wide, but that you might upbraid yourself for having left it to another to point out this slip of mine; or, if it has chanced to escape your own notice so far, that you might learn of it now, and at the same time might be led to reflect on the fact that we mortals, all of us,not I alone, who with all my zeal and industry am handicapped by insufficiency of talent and literary training, but all other men as well, however great their learning and their abilities,are so limited in our powers that all our inventions have some element of incompleteness, perfection being the prerogative of him alone from whom proceeds the little that we know and are able to do..It is now my purpose to wait here until the heat too shall abate somewhat, and until I regain my vigour by a little rest..For it is an old and muchused device, to drape one's own lying inventions with the veil of religion and sanctity, in order to give the appearance of divine sanction to human fraud.		
Well then, to return to the matter in hand,since amid the tempests of life I have never for long cast anchor in any one port, I have naturally made innumerable acquaintances..As you and everyone who reads this knows, it is you and not I who must render account for what is essentially yours..That one nation, or indeed that all nations, as we perceive, should have desired to withdraw themselves from that easiest and most just of all yokes, the yoke of Rome, need not surprise nor anger us, since there is in the souls of all mortals an innate love of liberty.		
They belong to the class of whom Quintilian speaks in his Institutes of Oratory, whom one finds wonderfully warm in disputation, but once get them away from their cavilling, they are as helpless, in a serious juncture, as certain small animals which are active enough in a narrow space, but are easily captured in a field.."[72] This may very well be somewhat exaggerated, but the coronation was certainly a solemn attestation of a new interest in culture, although as we have seen by no means a spontaneous tribute, unsought by the poet..[13] About this time, a youthful desire impelled me to visit France and Germany.		
Have courage, I beseech you, above all in a matter where your petition is honourable, and silence shameful and unbecoming..Let us see what is the solution which the "First Modern" accepts in the heyday of his life and success..But before we trace his various pilgrimages, a word must be said of the curious city in which he and several of his most intimate friends spent much of their life.		
88: Fam., xvi., 12 (vol..Up, then; surmount the passes!.Whether he really believed such aspirations to be utterly incompatible with Christian humility, is difficult to decide.		
Peace, the natural enemy of the usurper, was thoroughly banished from Italy, and a perpetual state of war prevailed..Our early hopes are buried with our friends..You seem to take delight in exploring new regions, where the paths are unknown to you and you are sure to go astray once in a while or fall into a pit.		
I only fear that this signal exhibition of humility is not altogether free from some admixture of haughtiness..[9] During his residence in Venice and Padua Petrarch came into close contact with the Averroists, and was led more than once, in his irritation at their unbelief, to attack them violently..In the three following respects I have complied with your injunctions.		
Rienzo under the Protection of the Muses. To Francesco Nelli.[1] What do you expect me to tell you now?something more of the episode in my last letter, which may equally well have brought indignant tears to your eyes or made you laugh?.His devotion to Livy came, in part, from a different source, from a singular sort of patriotism..It is Cicero alone whom we are discussing now; and I am not forgetting that he as consul was vigilant and patriotic, and cured the disease from which the republic was suffering; nor that as a private citizen he always loved his country faithfully.		
As Petrarch was accustomed to revise his work over and over again, it is probable that several years elapsed after the plan was once conceived before the little book received the finishing touches..Happy and most enviable Naples, the august home of literature!.So with them the praise of the dead entails an affront to the living.		
*       *       *       *       * A good deal has been written about Petrarch's famous ascent of Mount Ventoux..But humour, pure and simple, of the highest type, the humour that is a deep and essential part of a man's nature, and that consequently is allembracing and everpresent, he lacks..I know not whether you are aware of one thing, or, if so, whether you have given it any thought.		
Let..I want you to know it, in case you should ever have to grapple with a similar task..The historical importance and multiform interest of his correspondence have already been dwelt upon.		
On leaving Rome, I went to Parma, and spent some time with the members of the house of Correggio, who, while they were most kind and generous towards me, agreed but ill among themselves..All my critics, however, are not like you, for they do not all think the same, nor do they all love me as you do..Pastor, Geschichte der Päpste, vol.		
For this fact we have many authorities, among them Jerome, who was a diligent student of those regions and lived there for a long time..These considerations account for the title which I have selected..But I cannot pronounce upon this case at present, nor until the messenger of the deceased presents himself to me in person.		
The story returns whence it came; it knows its judge, its home, and the way thither..But lest I should exhaust your interest by delay, or seem to endeavour to give added weight to a matter that by its very nature is of supreme importance, I will omit any introduction and come at once to the point..These and similar reflections occurred to me, my father.		
However thoroughly convinced he may have become in later life of the vanity of such a distinction, Petrarch appears to have been willing as a young man to resort even to somewhat undignified, if not actually dishonest, expedients to accomplish his end..57: See his enthusiastic letter to Giacomo Colonna, who had invited him to undertake the journey.Fam., ii., 9..This strangest of all Italian ambassadors must have reached Prague when Charles was fresh from a perusal of Petrarch's first summons to him, which is given below.		
He seemed to have reached the very summit of his fondest hopes and to be metamorphosed by his joy..The tendencies toward Paganism which the enthusiastic and exclusive study of the ancient classics produced among the Italian Humanists of the fifteenth century are so well known that it is natural to ask what was the attitude of the founder of Humanism toward the generally accepted religious beliefs of his day..Written, Fracassetti believes, about 1366.		
But allegory is the very warp and woof of all poetry..I should much prefer to see signs of exaggerated apprehension on your part (omnia tuta timens, as Virgil says) than any suggestion of waning affection..Consequently a new division of the correspondence was formed, the important Epistolæ de Rebus Senilibus,Letters of Old Age,which were written during the last twelve years of the poet's life.		
He frequently reasoned about it with characteristic selfconsciousness, and the reader will note many allusions to the subject throughout the present collection..It has been suggested that Francesco invented the latter as more rhythmical, or adopted it on account of some hidden symbolic meaning, as four centuries later young Arouet mysteriously chose to call himself Voltaire..Concivem doctumque satis pariterque poetam     Suscipe, junge tuis, lauda, cole, perlege.		
He might also, he hoped, wander among the tombs of the saints, and gaze upon the spots that had been hallowed by the presence of the Apostles..I was more indulgent to these, and allowed them to live, not so much on account of their worthiness as of my convenience, for they did not involve any additional labour of my own..In the one case it is God and things pertaining to him that are treated, in the other mere gods and mortal men.		
It is of yours alone, though, that I would speak now..Any other view would indeed be out of harmony with the habits of an Italian lover of the fourteenth century..Lat., ii., 1.		
At the rumour of a letter from you the whole populace gathers..Not content with losing the words of the ancients, they must attack their genius and their ashes..Between their goading and my own madness I shall doubtless gratify their wishes.		
Take, for example, the opinion, which you call in St. Augustine to defend, that our endeavours, as well as our desires, are often at variance with one another.I should like, however, if you will permit me, to express my own views upon this matter before coming to Augustine's..Love is everything, precedence next to nothing, among friends..In our Pergamum there lives a certain man, who, while he has but a slight knowledge of literature, possesses a good mind,had he earlier applied himself to study.		
And this return was largely Petrarch's work..These logicians seek to cover their teachings with the splendour of Aristotle's name; they claim that Aristotle was wont to argue in the same way..The version here given is based upon that of Rhoades.		
689 sqq..At the least, the pursuit of it seems to us in no way ignoble; it is, as Petrarch says, a "splendid preoccupation.".How could I have done otherwise?		
I must have felt much the same upon entering the town as did Apuleius when he wandered about Hypata in Thessaly..If you will but consult your memory, you will scarcely find a firstrate commander, philosopher, or poet, who did not reach the top through the aid of just such stimulus..And she has a bow, and has flowing hair, in order that she may smite us and charm us.		
