"And, pray, what makes you think so, Miss Taylor?.The young ladies were closeted together for an hour..We must take the average."		
continued Mr. Wyllys..The father may pass a statute once in a while, but the commonlaw which regulates the everyday proceedings of the little community flows from the mother; and we all know that the character is moulded rather by daily practice in trifles, than by a few isolated actions of greater importance in themselves.."Who knows, Nelly, but you may call upon Jane first.		
But I have no idea who the man can be; I don't know a single common seaman by sight or nameat least, the only one I ever knew is long since dead..I wish you joy with all my heart," repeated his sisterinlaw..And, having secured Harry's attention, the halffledged belle turned to another youth, within hailing distance.		
"I doubt it very much, sir; I am sick of the very name of Hubbard..But don't suppose I have not learned that Mr. Charles Hubbard is looked upon as one of our most promising young artists, and that several of his pictures are thought the best of their kind that have been painted this side the Atlantic."."Shall I introduce Mrs. Stanley to you?		
"And don't forget the Arithmetic, too," said Mr. Wyllys, smiling; "we had better look a little into Compound Interest, of course.".But, don't believe him, Nelly; I shan't give you up for a year to come."."But have you no preference?"		
It was therefore settled that Mrs. Graham, Jane, and the younger children, were to remain in New York, while the boy was under the care of Dr. S, in whom his parents had great confidence..A light supper, and a Virginia reel, concluded the evening; when the party broke up..For some time Elinor was very unhappy; she felt that the strongest and deepest affections of her heart had been neglected, rejected, undervalued, by one whose opinion she had learned to prize too highly.		
Mind, Jane, you don't make too many conquests while I am gone.."Terrapinsoup, pickledoysters, lobsters, chickensalad, and anything in the way of game that can be found in the market; do you think that will do for the substantial dishes, Mrs..Some twenty minutes were passed in this manner by the aunt and niece, with feelings better understood than described.		
At the boardinghouse she patronised; and every morning between the hours of twelve and three, she might be seen at the window of the drawingroom, if it rained, or flitting up and down Broadway if the sun shone, generally attended by Captain Kockney, the long {sic} Englishman, whom she took great pleasure in showing off to the public..Before I ordered my weddingdress, I made Mr. Hilson promise I should have my own way about that..No one can reproach me as severely as I reproach myself.		
He was also very much improved in riding and dancing, and was said to fence well..We have too many advantages of communication with the city for that.".Rosewood and satin, gilt bronzes and Sevres vases, were all of the best kindand Mr. Taylor was perfectly satisfied with the effect of his two drawingrooms.		
"What sort of wood is the workbox that you chose for Miss Patsey?".It was not often that Miss Patsey's little parlour was so full, and so much littered, as it had been that afternoon; it generally looked crowded, if it contained two or three persons besides the minister's portrait, and was thought out of order, if the large rockingchair, or the clumsy, oldfashioned teatable did not stand in the very positions they had occupied for the last twelve years..asked Robert Hazlehurst, naturally feeling interested in his younger brother's choice.		
Amid all her anxiety for Jane, Miss Wyllys could not but remark Hazlehurst's mannerhe seemed entirely overcome, by his emotion; and yet he had not asked one question, nor made one offer to do anything for Elinor, or herself; and one would have thought it more natural that at such a moment he should have remained with them, pained and distressed as they were.."Pray, let me look at it," said Elinor, "for, I thought, I recognised a friend."."It will be a relief to you, to find so much aristocracy among us.		
They had been for years near neighbours of Mr. Wyllys, and this gentleman had had it in his power, at different times, to render services of some importance to his French friends..{"burn some coffee" = roast some coffee; "gigoh" = a puffed "gigot" or "leg of mutton" sleeve; "palreen" = "pelerine", a cape or mantle; "gro de nap" = "gros de Naples", a weave of silk with a corded effect (French)} At five o'clock, Miss Patsey's company began to assemble; the Wyllyses were the first to appear; then came Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Van Horne, and Mrs. Clapp; Adeline excused herself, she thought it a bore, Charlie was not worth flirting with..They must have arrived in the night, and tomorrow morning we shall have them here."		
We have to do the civil to the rich girls, you know; because after a while most of us are driven into matrimony..{"Frank" = a European Christian; "Grand Turk" = Ottoman Emperor} "My dear sir," said Harry, laughing, "how could I help it!.All the carters and farmers seem to use them.		
Did you happen to hear him, doctor?"."And I don't think I have seen such an honest, goodnatured, pleasant face as her's, since I left Longbridge..In fact, however, nothing was really known about the matter.		
Is it possible he felt so little for me?."It is to be hoped they will not interfere with each other," said Miss Agnes, smiling..Well, of course, the others agreed; but then, how to find the five dresses alike!		
"Whom was she going to see?".We expect to have a great deal of gaiety, this fall; but, just at present, we have a scarcity of beaux.".Understand me, my child; I do not wish to urge your remaining single; that is a point which every woman must decide for herself, when arrived at years of discretion; but I would have you view a single life with sufficient favour to follow it cheerfully, rather than to sacrifice yourself by becoming the wife of a man whom you cannot sincerely respect.		
His friends won't like to hear it; and I, for one, am very sorry that you are not as good an American as I took you for.".Then, Elinor had to kiss, and make acquaintance with several tiny pieces of humanity, in white frocks and lace capslittle creatures born during the past winter; of course, the finest babies one could wish to see, and the delight of their parents' hearts..Love the memory of your parents, my child; think of us sometimesthink of your fatherthink of your mother.		
From a long habit of considering the wants and pleasures of others first, she always seemed to think of herself last, as a matter of course..{"Siamese twins" = Chang and Eng (18111874), born joined together in Thailand (Siam), of Chinese parents, who were exhibited in America for many years by P.T.."Well, I really wonder," said Jane, "how Mrs. Hilson can endure that Captain Kockney."		
said Elinor; "Aunt Agnes thinks the air of Paris has made you silent.."Oh, it is too useful, not to have a straightforward, common name; you may call it a sac, though, if you like..cried Adeline, clapping her hands.		
Discoverest thou no weakness lurking there?".In a city, on the contrary, we live surrounded by strangers..After a while, they went; but, what do you suppose the wretches did, Mr.		
But Jane's disposition was very different from her sister Louisa's; she had no strength of character, and was easily led by those about her..Miss Emmeline, as she passed, touched the curly head of one of the children, exclaiming as she did so, "fascinating cherub!".And the two girls, handinhand, ran lightly up stairs, where Elinor, making an excuse of Mrs. Taylor's note, left them to a confidential teteatete.		
To be sure, I never expect to make a fortune; if I can earn enough to support my mother and sister, and paint only such pictures as I please, that is all I want of the good things of this world.".inquired Alonzo..She laid great stress on one point, the respect invariably paid by the young to the old, not only among the women, but the men, too."		
You have been out with me a hundred times before, and you surely don't think there is any more danger because Tallman is of the party.".; Madame Gigot, of Paris:' wait a moment, Nelly, all in good time.."Why, take it to the party this evening, of course."		
"You must let us look at it, Charles," said Miss Agnes; "we have been waiting, you know, quite impatiently for the last week.".Miss Adeline threw off her overcloak, and as she gave her hand to Mr. St. Leger, to jump from the sleigh, called out to Harry in her usual shrill voice, {sic} "Good morning, Mr. Hazlehurst, you are exact at the rendezvous, for of course you got my note.."Merrily, merrily dance the bells; Swiftly glides the sleigh!"		
"Scarcely worth remembering, I fancy," she replied; and then made some observation about Mrs. Hubbard, to turn the conversation..In an old state of society, there is always a class who labour after originality, and are proud to be called eccentric; but a young nation, cut off from the rest of the civilized world, must necessarily be imitative in its character until it has arrived at maturity..The aims and views which people carry with them through life, generally spring up from seeds received in the nursery, or at the family fireside.		
LouisAntoine Fauvelet de Bourrienne (17691834) was a French diplomat who served as Napoleon's private secretary during his invasion of Egypt} It is a rule, in composition, it was so, at least, when people wrote by rule, to compare the little with the great.."It is impossible, however, but that genius like yours should make its way; and I hope you may meet with all the success you deserve, even though it bring you more money than you wish for: one of these days when there is a Mrs. Hubbard, you may want more than you require now.".you rather neglect them for the water."		
"Two conquests!".They were out for a couple of hours, landed on the opposite bank, and paid a visit to their friends, the Bernards, who lived a mile or two below them..She is a very agreeable lady in conversation."		
Some were very long and ridiculous; one was in verse..The sympathising Jane had no sooner appeared, than Adeline exclaimed, {sic} "I am so perplexed, that I really don't know what to do!.This second proposition of the advocates of female suffrage is of a general character.		
It is often silent, wonderful, mysterious, sublime..Nothing can be more true than this assertion..Degradation for the sex, and not true and lasting elevation, appear to most of us likely to be the end to which this movement must necessarily tend, unless it be checked by the latent good sense, the true wisdom, and the religious principle of women themselves, aroused, at length, to protest, to resist.		
The interest most women feel in politics is secondary, factitious, engrafted on them by the men nearest to them..It is to us the symbol of all that may be great and good and noble in the Christian republic..The abuse of legislative power in man, by oppressing the sex.		
When the Creator made one entire sex so much more feeble in physical powers than the other, a degree of subordination on the part of the weaker sex became inevitable, unless it were counteracted by increase of mental ability, strengthened by special precept..We are gravely told by philosophers that, with the vote in the hands of woman, the moral elevation of the race is secured forever!.They will hold it with greater levity.		
Just so far as the elective franchise will conduce to this great end, to that point it becomes also a right, but no farther..The principal facts connected with that position are selfevident; there is nothing vague or uncertain here; we have but to look about us and the question is answered..The doors of most colleges and universities are closed, it is true, against women, and we can not doubt that this course is taken for sound reasons, pointed out by good sense and true sagacity.		
Women have thus far been excluded from the suffrage precisely on the same principlesfrom the conviction that to grant them this particular privilege would, in different ways, and especially by withdrawing them from higher and more urgent duties, and allotting to them other duties for which they are not so well fitted, become injurious to the nation, and, we add, ultimately injurious to themselves, also, as part of the nation..Our women, twenty years hence, shall be better paid in some of their old fields of labor; and new openings, appropriate to their abilities, mental and physical, shall also be made for them..And, as women form the majority of the resident population in some States, that wretched element of society will, in fact, govern those States, or those who bribe them will do so.		
Choose any one real, existing abuse as a test of the honesty and the liberality of American men toward the women of the country, and we all know beforehand what shall be the result..Are all voters true to their high responsibilities?.This is certainly very unjust and very unwise.		
But let us drop the play of metaphor, appropriate though it be when facing the visions of political theorists..The ultimate end we know, but the next step we can not foretell..Human nature can read no lessons of humility more powerful than those contained in the newspapers of the day.		
All these influences they can bring into action far more effectually by adhering closely to that position which is not only natural to them, but also plainly allotted to them by the revealed Word of God..We already know, for instance, from daily observation and actual experience, that, as a general rule, the kindness and consideration of American men have been great, both in public and in private life..We dare not blindly follow that cry, nor yield thoughtless allegiance to every flag it upholds.		
And how is it with our homeshow fares it with American women in the family circle?.What says actual experience on this point?.Their flag may be seen wandering to and fro, hither and thither, up and down, swayed by every breath of popular caprice; so it move to the mere cry of "Progress!"		
To contribute her full share toward purifying and brightening the social atmosphere about her, in accordance with the spirit of true Christian civilization, such is one great and essential part of woman's work in life..its followers are content..We may rest assured that they will not fail to grant all needful development in this direction.		
The whole history of mankind shows clearly that, as yet, no one legislative act has ever accomplished half of what is claimed by the advocates of woman's suffrage as the inevitable result of the change they propose..Their premises are often wholly false..The good of society is the true object of all human government.		
Sensible women may always have a good measure of political influence of the right sort, if they choose..His work lies abroad, in the world of business or politics, where all his time and attention are fully absorbed..There is the making of an admirable wife and mother, and a valuable member of society, in that clever young woman.		
That class of women, and other degraded classes of the ignorant and unprincipled, will always be ready to sell their votes many times overto either party, to both parties, to the highest bidder, in short..A sound home education is the most important of all moral influences..For the woman to discharge worthily the duties of her own position becomes her highest merit.		
Man, without his helpmeet, can do but little here..The time has come when it is necessary that all sensible and conscientious men and women should make up their minds clearly on a subject bearing upon the future condition of the entire race..Your daughter may be very clever; but she would certainly run away on the battleheld, and very probably draw a caricature on the election ticket.		
These exceptional cases temper the general rule, but they can not abrogate that rule as regards the entire sex..Such a claim can not logically be maintained for one moment in the face of existing facts..So it has been with the question of female suffrage.		
And thus, so far as women are concerned, the most degraded element in society will, in fact, represent the whole sex..But, in their natural condition, in everyday life, they do not take instinctively to politics as men do..The food of the family is prepared by her, either directly or by close supervision.		
It is something far better than the world, than Vanity Fair, than the Court of Mammon, where all selfish passions meet and parade in deceptive masquerade..Certainly she was in every way a better and a more successful ruler than her own father or her own brotherinlaw, and better also than the Stuarts who filled her throne at a later day..The father has too often very little to do with them.		
It seems, indeed, probable that under the new era our great elections shall become a sort of grand national gift concerns, of which the most active demagogues of all parties will be the managers..To women this class of duties is by choice, and by necessity, much more absorbing than it is to men..It is rather the fashion now among literary men to depreciate Queen Elizabeth and her government.		
But all these individual cases, whether political or religious, have been exceptional..From all duties entirely public she is now, or she may be if she choose, relieved by man..In both cases, half the functions of the human being, whether physical or mental, would be very imperfectly performed.		
To oppose wisely, skillfully, and effectually these treacherous encroachments, these alluring temptations, is one of the most difficult tasks possible..It is clear, therefore, that something more effectual than universal manhood suffrage is needed to stem the torrent..Let them chat, walk, sing, dance together, at that period of their lives; but if you wish to make them good scholars, let them study apart.		
They have no positive foundation to rest on..She thinks for others, she plans for others, she serves others, she loves and cherishes others, she unconsciously throws something of the web of home feeling and home action over those near her, and over the dwelling she inhabits..They will trifle with it.		
Probably nine out of ten of those American women who have trifled with honor and reputation, whose names are spoken with the sneer of contempt, have been led on, step by step, in the path of sin by vanity as the chief motive..But admiration is not the only feeling of the thoughtful mind when observing this striking advance in intellectual acquirement..It is the avowed determination of many of its champions that it shall do so; while with another class of its leaders, to weaken and undermine the authority of the Christian faith in the household is an object if not frankly avowed yet scarcely concealed.		
If men are willing to give their attention to these querulous demands of a small minority of our sex, how much more surely may we rely on their sympathy, and their efficient support, when some measure in which the interests of the whole sex are clearly involved shall be brought before them by all their wives and mothers?.Tomorrow it may: float over the mire of Mormonism, or depths still more vile..Hear them speak for themselves: "It is hardly possible, with our present experience, to raise our imaginations to the conception of so great a change for the better as would be made by its removal"the removal of the principle of the subordination of the wife to the husband, and the establishment of the entire independence of women, to be obtained by female suffrage.		
Let them use all the good sense, all the information, all the eloquence, and, if they please, all the wit, at their command when talking over these abuses in society..A woman can not now, in the State of New York, appoint a guardian for her child, even though its father be dead..That home, with its manifold interests, is especially under her government.		
And woman learns from them to connect selfrespect and dignity with true humility, and never, under any circumstances, to sink into the mere tool and toy of mana lesson equally important..But, taken in the plain meaning of those words, such fullness of suffrage has at the present hour no actual existence in any independent nation, or in any extensive province..We entirely believe the reverse to be true.		
This task is of importance incalculable..In that case we should give ourselves no rest until the vote were instantly placed in the hands of every Chinaman landing in California, and of every Indian roving over the plains..We have already learned that no mere legislative enactment and no mere intellectual training can suffice to purify the human heart thoroughly.		
What, therefore, is the ground women now occupy, and from whence they are to soar upward on the paper wings of the ballot?.It represents to us the grand ideas by which the nation lives..Crimes of worse than brutal violence, savage cruelty, crimes of treachery and cowardly cunning and conspiracy, breach of trust, tyrannical extortion, groveling intemperance, sensuality gross and shamelessthe heart sickens at the record of a week's crime!		
In the age and in the country which has seen the development of Mormonism as a successful religious, social, and political system, nothing should surprise us..Returning to London, some three months later, I found many of my former acquaintances were absent; but Lady Holberton, Miss Rowley, and Mr. T were all in town again..His mother's name was Butler, and he claimed some sort of affinity with the author of Hudibras; as the Christian name of the poor poet had been almost entirely devoured by the ants, while the surname had also suffered here and there, Sir John ingeniously persuaded himself that what remained had clearly belonged to the signature of the great satirist; as for the date, the abbreviation of "Nov.		
"Miss Rowley is undoubtedly a woman of principleor good moral standing.".Sir John, a noted follower in the steps of Horace Walpole, had no sooner become the owner of this interesting letter, than he set to work to find out its origin, and to fill up its history..It is true that the signature of the poor starving author, whoever he may have been, was so illegible that it required some imagination to see in it, the name of Otway, but Mr. Lumley had enough of the true antiquarian spirit, to settle the point to his own entire satisfaction.		
{opened to the civilized world = following the socalled Opium War, Britain had in 1842 forced China to open trade with her} I was obliged to admit my inability to do so; and at the same moment the collecting instincts of Lady Holberton and Mr. T, drew their attention to the corner where Miss Rowley and myself were conversing; as they moved toward us, Miss Rowley pocketed her list, throwing herself upon my honor not to betray the deficiencies in her role d'equipage, or the collecting negociations just opened between us..Much sympathy was felt for the afflicted lady; even Miss Rowley called often to condole, but she was never admitted..I remember one day, giving my tutor some musty old letter he found in the library at G; and by the bye he came near cracking my skull on the same occasion!"		
The trunk was sent, and the letter actually pasted in it as part of the new lining..Dr. H, who, as we have observed, was rather eccentric in his ways, had a son about to commence his career as a soldier; and the worthy man thought the letter might teach the youth a useful lesson of moderation and temperance, by showing him every time he opened his trunk, the extreme of want to which his fellow beings were occasionally reduced..again inquired my lovely neighbor.		
It is not the man, but the letter which engages our attention today..It was just one hundred years since, in 1745, that this celebrated letter was first brought to light, from the obscurity in which it had already lain some half a century, and which no subsequent research has been able fully to clear away.."I never had a doubt as to our success in the house, last nightno; rather wish me joy that I have at last triumphed in a negotiation of two years standing.		
Then again, the subject of extreme want is one of general interest, while the allusion to the unpublished poem must always prove an especial attraction to the curious..I shrunk from committing myself, however; declaring that I would as soon engage to procure a billetdoux from Prester John..Lady Holberton is not a little proud of her Vidocq; but I have obtained one far superior to hers, one addressed to myself so piquant and gallant too.		
Since you are so good, may I also trouble you to procure me a line from a very remarkable personage of your countrya very distinguished manhe has been President, or Speaker of the Senate, or something of that sort."."Oh, my lord!Thomas Otway clearlysignatures are always more or less confused..Don't you ever read the papers that pass through your hands?"		
A noted publisher had taken the matter into consideration, and if the undertaking gave promise of being both palatable to the public, and profitable to himself, a prospectus was to be issued.."The same my lordthe poet Otwayyou may remember we saw his Venice Preserved last week..To which of our head men did Miss Rowley allude?		
The younger Lumley immediately set to work to discover the original letter, but his search was fruitless; it was not to be found either among the papers of his uncle, or those of his father.."Nomerely a humble admirer of the labors of others.".Yet the exchange was very fair, especially as Madame Laffarge is still living."		
{rowdies = in the midnineteenth century, an American slang term for backwoodsmen or other rough and disorderly types} I drew up a little at this request; my correspondents, I assured the lady, were generally men of respectability, though one of them was of a savage race..The Coopers were familiar with his work; James Fenimore Cooper used quotations from Otway's "The Orphan" for three chapter heading epigraphs in his 1850 novel, "The Ways of the Hour"} "Otway?What, the fellow you were boring me about last night?".Now here was a little titbit which the public would doubtless relish; for it was beginning to feel some interest in Otway's starvation, the poet having been dead half a century.		
And justly might the Lumley Letter claim a full share of literary homage.."So you think this trumpery will do, D?"."Perhaps you correspond also with some rowdies, Mr. Howard?		
"Oh dear!.With that excellent lady I take a tragical view of the Lumley Letter, conceiving that a man must be blind as a bat, not to see that it was written by the author of Venice Preserved, and this in spite of other celebrated collectors, who find in the same sheet so much that is comical and Hudibrastic..In the month of August of that year, the Rev.		
The old trunk had even the honorable duty assigned it of carrying its master's trophies, doubtless the most precious portion of the colonel's possessions, though at the same time the lightest; as for the rupees, the old wornout box would have proved quite unequal to transporting a single bag of them, for it was now sadly unfit for service, thanks to the ravages of time and the white ants; and, indeed, owed its preservation and return to its native soil solely to the letter pasted in the lid, which, in the eyes of Colonel H, was a memento of home, and the eccentric character of a deceased parent..Howard?".exclaimed Mr. T the distinguished collector, who sat next me.		
One corner had been carried away by an unlucky thrust from a razornot a sword; while the date and signature had also been half eaten out by the white ants of Bengal..By his will, the MS. life of Otway with all his papers, passed into the hands of his brother, an officer in the army..It is a highly interesting letter, written in great distress, and confirms the story of his starvation.		
"It is as good as a sermon on charity to read that letter.".The advertisements remained unanswered..Miss Rowley shook her head, and curled her lip, as if she fancied the lady had only been seeking to drive a hard bargain.		
But staywhat's this?".Accustomed, like most Americans, to assist a woman in any little difficulty, and with notions better suited perhaps to the meridian of Yankeeland than that of London, I asked if she were in any trouble..Talma = Francois Talma (17631826), popular French playwright.		
Or, perhaps, by taming him down to a mere producer of autographs, his habits will change so entirely that he will no longer be the same animal, no longer bear a comparison with the lion of the past..I was sure of it from her smile, the moment I entered the room!".True, there are controversies involving matters so important in their consequences, so serious in their nature, that one might conceive either indifference or fanaticism equally inexcusable with regard to them; but there are also a thousand other subjects of discussion, at the present day, of that peculiar character which can only thrive when supported by passion and prejudice, and falling in with a dispute of this nature, it is absolutely necessary to jump at once into fanaticism.		
"It's one I've had these hundred years," replied the colonel..Never can I forget the expressive gratitude that beamed on the fine countenance of Lady Holberton when I restored it once more to her possession..Newtown pippin = a green, tart, tangy American apple, originally from Long Island, a favorite of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson; bonne bouche = a tasty morsel (French)} While the company were succeeding each other in offering their homage to the great album, my attention was called off by a tap on the shoulder from a friend, who informed me that Miss Rowley, a very clever, handsome woman of a certain age, had expressed a wish to make my acquaintance.		
Reflect for a moment on the probable condition of distinguished authors, lions of the loudest roar, if the number of autographhunters were to increase beyond what it is at present..Mr. Lumley was not a little pleased by this confirmation of the story, though he found that Lord G had not even read the letter, nor did he know any thing of its subsequent fate; he only remembered looking at the signature..It happened that Colonel H was invited to a fancy ball; and it also happened that the lady whom he particularly admired, was to be present on the occasion.		
I was shocked; surely Lady Holberton did not conceive it possible that any of her guests could be guilty of such base conduct?.{role d'equipage = muster roll (French); here, Miss Rowley's list of her autographs} The next day, in passing HolbertonHouse, I observed the chariot of a fashionable physician before the door; and at Miss Rowley's party in the evening learned from Mr. T that Lady Holberton was quite unwell..I did credit the accusation, and immediately informed Lady Holberton of what I had observed, but forgotten, until reminded of the facts by her own remarks.		
We puts them that's written for one trunk, and them that's printed for another, as you see, sir; one must have a heye to the looks of the work.".Not long after the meeting at which this explanation had taken place, Mr. Lumley received a visit from a stranger, requesting to see the MS. Life of Otway in his possession..Some consolation, however, appeared to be derived from the assiduous attentions of Mr. T, who personally admired Lady Holberton; at least he professed to do so, though some persons accused him of interested views, and aiming at her album rather than herself.		
The heart sickens at the picture which would then be presentedcollectors turning on each other, waging a fierce war over every autographic scrap, making a battlefield of every social circle..In the present age of universal enlightenment, we don't trouble ourselves to make up our opinionswe take and give them, we beg, borrow, and steal them..A cargo of American autographs arrived containing the letter of the Cherokee editor, the signmanual of governors and colonels without number, and I even succeeded in obtaining epistles from several noted rowdies, especially to gratify the ladies.		
A little volume written by Lady Holbertonprinted but not publishedrelating its past history from the date of its discovery in the library of Lord G, her grandfather, to the present day, passed from hand to hand, and this review of its various adventures of course only added force to the congratulations offered upon the acquisition of this celebrated autograph..I offered her Grizzel Baillie, two Cardinals, William Pitt, and Grace Darling, for one of her Laffarges; but she would not part with it..The application was mentioned by him, and, of course, the manuscript gained notoriety, while the original letter became a greater desideratum than ever.		
{Gilbert = Nicolas Gilbert (17511780), French poet, who died in Paris at the age of 29.."Not like Lady Holberton's, perhapsbut pretty well for a young nation.".The trunk, however, shared the young soldier's wandering life; it carried the cornet's uniform to America; it was besieged in Boston; and it made part of the besieging baggage at Charleston.		
"It was this paper, my lord, which made me so awkwardI have lighted on a document of the greatest interest!".At length, after passing fiveandtwenty years in Bengal, the trunk returned again to Southampton, as one among some dozen others which made up the baggage of the gallant Colonel H, now rich in laurels and rupees.."Why yes!		
"Yes, where an autograph is concerned, Theodosia Rowley has all the principle of a Magpie.".{Otway = Thomas Otway (16521685), English playwright who wrote a number of important tragedies in verse, but who died destitute at the age of 33..exclaimed Lady Holberton, quite thrown off her guard one day, by the sight of Miss Rowley's card which she threw into the fire.		
Grizzel Baillie = Lady Grizel Baillie (16651746), Scottish poet.."It must have been stolenbasely stolenon the evening of my party..On hearing that such was the case, Miss Rowley's anxiety on the subject increased immeasurably; but I assured her the old gentleman only put his name to treaties, and tariffs; and although his sons were wonderfully gallant, yet he himself had never condescended to notice any woman but a queen regnant: and I further endeavored to give some idea of his identity.		
"He is called Uncle Sam, I believe.".You will see those that are wanting, and very possibly may suggest others.".But leaving the poor poet, with his sorrows, to the regular biographer, we choose rather the lighter task of relating the history of the letter itself; a man's works are often preferred before himself, and it is believed that in this, the day of autographs, no further apology will be needed for the course taken on the present occasion.		
