exclaimed Sir Benjamin in very apparent relief..The Major glanced from his disordered dress to the Sergeant's bloody face: "Are you hurt, Zeb?".she answered and clasping her arm about him set her cheek to his, and the Viscount, glancing from one face to the other, fell back in staring surprise.		
"John," she murmured, "you dear, noble, generous Jackah, don't you see?.I do love your respect and reverent homage, 'tis this doth make me yearn to be more worthybut alack!.And why, Tom?"		
'Tis then agreedO 'twill be pure!."None, sir.".said the Major.		
"Naughty lad!"."But hope an' expect to observe same tonight towards the hour o' midnight or thereabouts and if so, shall immediately try what cold steel can do agin it."."A Gad's namewhy?"		
"Hum!".Here, meeting his ardent gaze, she flushed and drooped her lashes, yet nestled closer..he enquired.		
said the Major.."I'm glad o' that, Zeb, very!".But Betty was in London and London's the devil of a way from Carlisle.		
"Drunk as usual, Jerry?".growled Mr. Marchdale.."Only now I must go!"		
Inside, sheltered from rain and wind the Major unloosed his heavy coat and took from under his arm a certain knobby bludgeon and twirled it in the dark while Sergeant Zebedee, hard by, struck flint and steel, but the tinder was damp and refused to burn..The Major bowed: "May I pour you a glass of wine, Captain Effingham?.wailed the Lady Belinda, starting up from her cushions.		
The rascal fences purely well, I vow.".exclaimed the Major.."'Tis a true saying, Zeb," he sighed, "a true saying and not to be controverted."		
"And my name is Betty and yours is John and we are neighbours..They would naturally search there first and very thoroughly.".And your jackboots is buckleshoes, and you're very much alive, ain't you, sirso I'll ax you to pick up your property and to get back over the wall yonder and to do itprompt, sir."		
"Stop!"."And in danger, d'ye say?."Thank'ee humbly, my Benjamin!"		
Mr. Dalroyd took one, balanced it and cursed its weight and clumsiness.."Nay, he's very secret.".exclaimed the Colonel suddenly.		
You learn precisely when the soldiers march for Westerham and, if need be, you make your excuses and ride back to warn me of their coming.."Habegad!.he enquired.		
Where?.exclaimed the Sergeant suddenly, "clean through the gizzard, sir!"."And now," she questioned, "why do you tramp to and fro sleepless all night?		
"The lane makes a bend there sir, and when I saw I stopped" "So here's the true cause of your quarrel, Tom?".said the Major.."You were wiser to avoid Sir Oliver Rington's neighbourhood, and here's somewhat to aid you on your way."		
the fount, the source, the mainspring of valour, is't not?.He was close upon the combatants when one staggered and fell, another was beaten to his knees and then the earl was upon them..exclaimed the Sergeant, starting.		
"No, no, my dear, no no!"."Who, mam?"."A freelance in love, Ito woo precisely how and where andwhen, I choose."		
"But I have seen it!"."Yes," he answered, "because of her memory I have lived a hard life and let love go by nor thought of it.".For once in her twentytwo years of life my lady Betty felt herself at a disadvantage; twice she turned to speak but he, walking behind with head bowed, seemed utterly oblivious of her, wherefore she held her peace and threw up proud head disdainfully.		
Tonight you did look on me as I had committedas I had beenO 'twas a hateful look!."Egad you're in the right on'terI fear my attention was wandering as 'twerethough I listen very well with my eyes shut!".she commanded, speaking over her shoulder, "I've heard enough, ayeenough for a lifetime!"		
she enquired gravely.."'Twas a woman's notion," explained Sir Jasper, "a whim, a fancy..And bowing again, he crossed to the open window, stepped out into the dark and was gone.		
"A pintpot is an awkward weapon, Zebedee!"."But if there is to be a little bit o' cut and thrust work tonight, your honour, 'tis as well to be prepared.".Up rose the Marquis, tossed off his glass, fished a somewhat crumpled paper from his pocket and incontinent gave tongue:   "A song I sing in praise of Bet   I sing a song o' she, sirs   O let the ploughboy curse and sweat   But what is that to me, sirs?		
There's Dalroyd" "The 'dieaway' gentleman?"."Sir," answered the Sergeant, picking up the foil, "I were!"."Here, sir!"		
"Betty," he cried impulsively, "I was a fool!."Save us, Jack, but ya're curst gloomy, I think!".I wonder" "Betty!"		
"What is't?".'Tis Betty herself and she's seen us!."O!"		
"Come, stoop your head!".suggested Mr. Dalroyd..Upon the night without, was a sound of voices that grew ever louder, the one hoarse and querulous the other upraised in quavering song:   "O 'tis bien bowse, 'tis bien bowse,     Too little is my skew.		
"Enough, sirwhoso hath eyes must worship!."Indeedwhose?".But indeed she's so wickedly wilful, so flybynight, so rampant o' youth andand unreason."		
"But 'tis so awkward and someone might see" "Not a soul!"."Then, if she's willing, Zeb, marry by all means and before I go I'll" "Begging your pardon, sir, can't be donenot to be thought onif you wed why then I wed, if so be as she'll have me, sir, and viceyversey, but if you don't, I don't and verseyvicey as in dooty bound, sir.".Same features, same gestures, same height" "Nay I swear I'm taller by a good inch, Tom" "But the similarity is wonderful" "Except for his voice!"		
The Sergeant sighed and shook reproachful head.."Then I vow 'tis most provoking in him!.says Tressady, in a while, 'Here is foul reek, Ben, foul reek.'		
Now whether the Indian's knife was poisoned or no I cannot say, but for two days I lay direly sick and scarce able to crawl, conscious only of the soothing tones of her voice and touch of her hands..says I, and stopped; and glancing up, found her regarding me with look mighty strange..CHAPTER XXVIII I BECOME A JACKOFALLTRADES Early next morning, having bathed me in the pool and breakfasted with my companion on what remained of our goat'sflesh, I set to work to build me a fireplace in a fissure of the rock over against the little valley and close beside a great stone, smooth and flattopped, that should make me an anvil, what time my companion collected a pile of kindlingwood.		
"No!".he roared.."'Twas all of dead men and murder!"		
And staring up at this, of a sudden back rushed memory (and with it my hopeless misery) for now I remembered how, but a few short hours since, my dear lady had prophesied this new moon.."In my cabin," says she, meeting my scowl with eyes serene and all untroubled..quoth I.		
So now must I tell you this ....And there are many pictures excellent well painted..And now as I went on, crossing the stream at a place where were steppingstones, set there by other hands than mine, as I went, I say, I must needs think what a surly, illmannered fellow I was, contrasting the gross man I was become with the gentle, sweetnatured lad I had been.		
At last she was sent away to a school and the years passed, but she never forgot the name of Martin, though he forgot her quite ... but ... you ... you remember now, MartinO, you remember now?"."Had I but a handful of salt, Martin!"."Why, so you shall and judge thereby whether he be rogue or no, for 'tis beyond me."		
And then I knew that I had foundBlack Bartlemy's Treasure!"."And our men, Adam?".says I, a little shamefaced.		
"But stayed to do his share of the fighting, Martin.".Having no more mind to sleep (and the moon so marvellous bright) I wandered forth of these shadowy rocks and, being upon the sands, stood to look about me..We fought on a shelf o' rock high above the sea, my knife agin his knife and hook'twas that same hook gave me this scar athwart my jawbut as he struck, I struck and saw him go spinning over and over, down and down and splash into the sea.		
And here Adam sighed mighty dismal.."For one thing, a cookingpot, Martin.".Now at this (and all careless of my pistol) he drew a slow pace nearer, great head outthrust, peering.		
And my second wonder was a silver beaker or ewer, very artfully wrought and all chased and embossed with designs of fruit and flower and of a rare craftsmanship, and this jug set within my reach and halffull of milk..and he pointed to a mound of sand hard by..Speak plain, Godby, I'm no mariner!"		
I tested my knife on my thumb.."Do I look it, Martin?".But now indeed sea and rocks grew all blurred and misty on my sight, and twice I must needs rest awhile ere we came on Deliverance Sands.		
I cried..Yet 'tis a poor small naked rogue and in two days cometh my 'Ladies' Delight' and Tressady with his hook.."Look'ee, dog!"		
"Look now," quoth I, as she rose, "in losing the world you do lose everything."."Why, a man's thoughts are but thoughts," says I, watching where she braided a long tress of her hair..This shirt hath turned death thrice alreadyonce i' the breast here and twice 'twixt the shoulders.		
To your dainty knees, wenchdown!'.As for Adam he stood pinching his chin the while his quick, bright eyes darted from one to other of us..Speak!"		
"And you did it that I might eat?".Being upon the terrace, I glanced up to find her leaning to watch me and with the moon bright on her face.."God's pityloose me, Martin!"		
says she..My companion being absent I seated myself in the shade and began opening the oysters with my knife as well as I might; in the which occupation she presently found me, and grew very merry at my clumsy efforts..Thus, my fears allayed, and bethinking me how savoury was a mess of goat'sflesh, I fell awatering at the mouth like the hungry animal I was.		
And now (at her earnest solicitation) I told her all my association with Adam, of my haunted days and nights aboard ship and my suspicions of Tressady; only I spoke nothing of Adam's avowed intent to steal the "Faithful Friend" to his own purposes..And know thiswhen you scowl so, all sulleneyed, I know you for the very image of Black Bartlemy!".And my head pillowed thus I fell aweeping, but these tears were tears of joy and thankfulness beyond all words.		
muttered Joel, shaking his head..But all the while my anger swelled within me for the folly I had uttered to her, in a moment of impulse, concerning love.."'Who shall say, Roger?		
"'Tis very dark, shall we not have a light?".I shot him!".I had thought of cutting it off."		
"As the sailorman who watched you as you lay agroaning in your sleep outside the Conisby Arms, I guessed you one o' the Conisby breed by your ring, and as one born and bred here in Kent I mind well the adage, 'To hate like a Brandon and revenge like a Conisby,' and by God, my lord, you are a true Conisby, it seemeth!."What do you make now, Martin?".But, MartinO Martin, the dead is alive againsee how I'm all gashed with his hook."		
"TakenoffHispaniola?"."How do you know of this?".There be two at the fore,   At the main be three more,   Dead men that swing all of a row;   Here's fine, dainty meat   For the fishes to eat:   Black BartlemyBartlemy ho!		
"O Martin, surely God hath had us in His care to bring us safe through so many dangers, and methinks His gentle hand will be over us still."."So endeth my hope of righting a great wrong..I questioned as we went on again and I very conscious of her hand yet upon my arm.		
"Providence!".Now as luck would have it, Gregory overtakes me (as I had purposed he should, I being minded to get even wi' him for good and all).."The very same!"		
"And for these gaudy birds I would give them all for one honest English robin or sweetthroated black bird!".So come let us begin."."Pray you," she questioned, "when may we hope to reach the island and be free of each other?"		
I would have a panwith handles if you could contrive..So stood she awhile, the gentlemen beside her (very brave in their velvets and newfangled great periwigs) until came her maid Marjorie; then she sighed, acknowledged the gentlemen's bows and flourishes with a graceful curtesy, and bidding them a laughing "goodnight" went her way, her shapely arm about Marjorie's trim waist.."Have you any bones broke?"		
Being upon my bed she brings the lamp, and kneeling by me would examine my hurt whether I would or no, and I being weak, off came my shirt..And how came they buried?'.O blind, blind!"		
And down she sits with folded hands, watching me mighty solemn and demure and I very conscious of her scrutiny.."So here" (thinks I) "is Adam's 'notable fall of water,'" and sitting down, I fell to viewing the place, munching my grapes the while..Having thus traversed the whole reef and explored the rocks beyond very thoroughly, I cast me down beside the lagoon to bathe my hands and face and rest myself awhile.		
And thus merciful sleep found me at last..'Twas but lately I learned the truth from his secret papers ... and ... O 'twas all there ... even the price he paid to have you carried to the plantations!."Is home then so dear to you?"		
A pistol flashed and roared and then another as I leapt with whirling axe and darting knife..He still stood where I had left him, but his face was hidden in his arms as he leaned sobbing against the twisted trunk of the great tree..But, then, she will do it, Uncle Dickoh, she will do it!"		
I nodded.."Sir," I answered, "it was chiefly owing to the hotheadedness of Scarlet Sam, the Scourge of the South Seas."."Why, Imp!"		
"Three?".My fancies had carried me thus far when I became aware of a small, furtive figure, dodging from one patch of shadow to another.."LittleJohn!		
On!."They shan't," I answered; "you will see to that, won't you, Imp?".Coming at last to the shrubbery gate, we paused awhile to regain our breath.		
Mr. Selwyn shrugged his shoulders and turned to the Imp.."Anything you like, Imp, so long as we find her.".Never was the song of the water more pleasant to my ear, never was the spring and bend of the long sculls more grateful, as the banks swept by faster and faster.		
"Heave to, there!".It is an inn with raftered ceilings, and narrow, winding passageways; an inn with long, low chambers full of unexpected nooks and corners, with great fourpost beds built for tired giants it would seem, and wide, deep chimneys reminiscent of Gargantuan rounds of beef; an inn whose very walls seem to exude comfort, as it werethe solid comfortable comfort of a bygone age..Down this she fled, and her laughter came to me on the wind.		
"Much betterhe died in my arms, sir..she mocked, nodding her head at me.."Bless ye for that, sonny!"		
"What, my noble Benjamin?".Wondering, I took a step toward her; but as I did so she fled from me, running toward the house, never stopping or slackening speed, until I had lost sight of her altogether..Out upon thee!		
"Sir," I answered, "I do not."."Yes."."BloodintheEye!"		
"Yees, I suppose so," said Dorothy rather dubiously.."Whereaway, my Imp?".His name was Trueheart."		
"Oh, yes; you were so angry with Uncle Dick an' meso frightfull' angry, you know, that I was going to try to find the 'wonderful lamp' so I could wish everything all right again an' all of us 'live happy ever after'; but the blasted oak did just as well, an' was nicer, somehow, wasn't it?"."Imp, what do you mean?".he broke off, and lugging something from his pocket, disclosed a tattered, papercovered volume (the Imp's books are always tattered), and hastily turning the pages, paused at a certain paragraph and read as follows: "'Henceforth my roof shall be the broad expanse of heaven, an' all tyrants shall learn to tremble at my name!'		
"'Is two 'ands!"."Yes, sir; I saw him."."Just a minute, Uncle Dick, while I get my parcels.		
The Imp seemed much cast down, and even shocked.."Must you go?"."I know I can, sir.		
"You wouldn't go loving anybody, would you, Uncle Dick?".And thus it was we parted, the Imp and I, beneath the "blasted oak," and I know my heart was strangely heavy as I turned away and left him..Suddenly I started and looked round; surely that was a sob!		
I must get rid of him at all hazards..she said, staring at me with frightened eyes, and clasping her hands nervously.."Then if you will excuse me, I think I'll leave you toahto do it; the next dance is beginning, andah" "Certainly," I said, "of coursegoodnight, and much obligedreally!"		
Now, possibly deceived by my pacific attitude, or inspired by the bright eyes of the trim maidservant, he seized me, none too gently, by the collar, to the horrified dismay of the Imp.."You will find no difficulty..supplemented the Imp.		
Mr. Selwyn glanced back over his shoulder.."He's not a bit bald, you know!."Very right and proper!"		
"Did he though, confound him!"."All right, master," he said at last; "you've got me!".Yet, as I say, he does occasionally speak of fish and fishing, and amongst other matters, concerning live frogs as bait, after describing the properest method of impaling one upon the hook, he ends with this injunction: Treat it as though you loved it, that it may live the longer!		
"Sir," said I, "I am delighted to make your acquaintance; have heard Her Grace of Chelsea speak of youher friends are mine, I trust?"."Yes," cried Dorothy, "do let's go, Auntie."."Uncle Dick," said the Imp, regarding me with a thoughtful eye, "did you see his armI mean before you smote him 'hip and thigh'?"		
"Fed him regularly twice a day," I went on, "and nearly famished himself in the doing of ityou remember the drybread incident?".she said, and I fancied she seemed quite pleased..he said, and offered me the grubby handkerchief.		
repeated Dorothy..and he kissed the sword..There was a majestic deliberation in its progress that positively maddened me.		
Of course I may be a fool to trust you..It needed but this and a second glance at the round face to assure me that it pertained to Ben, the gardener's boy..I said, puffing at my pipe.		
"If I can be of any service"  Mr. Selwyn stopped me with a wave of his hand..The boat came slowly into view, impelled by one who rowed with exactly that amount of splashing which speaks the trueborn Cockney.."'Fraid I'm awfull' wicked," sighed the Imp, shaking his head, "'cause I told him a great big lie."		
"'Not far from the village of Down, in Kent, there is a house,'" she began, "'a very old house, with pointed gables and pannelled chambers, but empty tonight and desolate.'.I exclaimed..Indeed, they made a fitting pair, the worn old soldier and the ancient inn, alike both long behind the times, dreaming of the past, rather than the future; which seemed to me like an invisible bond between them.		
She did not answer.."You don't mean to say that you stole them, Imp?"."So you saved him your breakfast and dinner, did you?"		
Oh, I do wish you would play like this every night!".I should have been the sort of knight that nobody could knock off, you know..Why?"		
For God's sake don't send me back to it again, sir."."Oh, blessed Imp!".Are all outlaws always so very hungry, Uncle Dick?"		
I corrected..Selwyndo!'."How's the wind?"		
