But the submarine was entirely nonferrous, and its officers were apparently quite familiar with the Nevian beams which licked at and clung to the green walls in impotent fury..Say we're two lightyears away..It'll be best for you, believe me."		
"When that gang goes after anything they get it, and when they get it it stays...." He broke off abruptly and his voice lost its edge..Way 'nuff!"."But hadn't you better get Captain Bradley first?		
Without a word into the transformers, they seized Bradley and the girl.."Genuine or not, it gets you to the Captain..Good thing it didn't go off any sooner, or none of us would have been here.		
Furiously the gigantic composite beam of the massed fleet was hurled, nor was it alone.."They aren't.."Somewhat!"		
"You're going to live until you die of old agesee if you don't..In due time the calculated midpoint was reached, the slim spaceplane rolled over again, and, mad acceleration now reversed, rushed on toward the earth, but with constantly diminishing speed..I don't want him to touch me again while I'm alive."		
"You're the finest little fellow that ever waved a plume, and I would love you no matter what happened..Finally he agreed to compromise..Exactly nothinga vacuum.		
But the pirates could not stop all of Triplanetary's projectiles, now hurrying along inside the pipe as fast as they could be driven..Oh, hurry!.Costigan muttered, as they passed through a low doorway and entered a narrow corridor.		
You and your fellow scientists of the expedition have each contributed his entire personal fortune; why should not some of the rest of us also contribute, as private citizens?"."Coming, Clio!."Randolph!		
I'm falling.....Rodebush drove an ultracommunicator beam through the murk to the instruments of the Terrestrial admiral; for the surviving warships of the Fleetits most powerful unitswere hurling themselves forward, to plunge into that red destruction..Below each arm is a mouth: a beaked, needletusked orifice of dire potentialities.		
C4V63L29..The space suits were removed with care, and after the three had been relieved of their pistols and other articles which the Nevians thought might prove to be weapons, the strange paralysis was lifted entirely..Suffice it to say that it has to do with a minor research, which is not progressing satisfactorily.		
Here it is..The gray monstrosity still sat unmoved behind his dials..It's who and what you are and who and what I am that's eating me.		
"Ah, a sixthphase polycyclic.."All right, Conway.".They're bringing in platoons of militia in full armor, and if we don't beat those boys to it we're in for plenty of grief.		
"I know how you feel, but it's false chivalry."."I'm going to see what we can do about itor say, guess I'll see whether they're still interfering on Samms' wave.".From what we have learned of Roger, we do not expect him to surrender, but if any of you other men wish to avoid immediate death, leave your vessel at once.		
Think you can stall him off and keep him interested for about fifteen minutes?"."And the Nevians are afraid of them, and want to kill them all, as fast as they possibly can," guessed Clio..That changes things, girl!		
Donning a spacesuit, he stationed himself in the starboard airlock..But I guess they're pretty well disorganized back there yet, since they can't know who hit them, or what with, or why..CHAPTER V   Nevian Strife The Nevian spaceship was hurtling upon its way.		
"Come on, Clevesnap it up!".I can't find a trace of ultrawaveanything below etherlevel, you knowanywhere in the whole place..Snap 'em on, Clio mine; the pirates ought to be getting fairly close by this time."		
"I don't knowyet," Cleveland replied, slowly.."Your armor's in that bundle there..Through the water the Nevian commander darted along, steering his course accurately by means of his short, vaned tail.		
Finally the thing was done, the crude but efficient graduated circles were set, and the tubes glowed redly as their solidly massed output was driving into a tight beam of ultravibration..And the promised jolt did indeed come soon..Fulldriven as they were, Roger's screens flared white as he drove through the temporarily lessened attack of the Nevians; but in their preoccupation the amphibians did not notice the additional disturbance and the section tore on, unobserved and undetected.		
He was not formally religious, but his every thought was a sincere prayer.."But don't look for what's therelook for what isn't there.".If we liveand that was part of the agreement, you knowwe will all get what we sold out for.		
Some fifteen days will be required for the journey, however, and our quarters are cramped..Shall I give him a little pull?".His hard gray eyes moved methodically over his instruments and recorders; and after a few minutes he smiled coldly, while an expression of relief struggled fleetingly to move his expressionless face.		
"Clio?".Most of them had been ordinary watchmen, not even wearing masks, and all such were already down.."You did it, Conway; you did it!"		
The living automaton opened a door and stood silent and impassive, while Clio, staring at her in unutterable horror, shrank past her and into the sumptuously furnished suite..Anyway, we've done everything we can doit's in the laps of the gods now.".The power of the smaller ships began to fail as their accumulators became discharged under the awful drain of the battle, and vessel after vessel of the Triplanetary fleet was hurled into nothingness by the concentrated blasts of the pirates' rays.		
He shut off his offensive beams and surrounded the entire planetoid with the peculiarly rigid and substantial shield which had so easily warded off Costigan's fiercest attacks..Go back and help Pittsburgh!".At least, so would have run his thought had the subject entered his mind.		
"Samms!"."Charged cells for model DF Lewistons, none requisitioned, on hand eighteen thous...." The droning voice broke off short in the middle of a word and the private stood rigid, in the act of reaching for another slip, every faculty concentrated upon something, imperceptible to his companion..He was, as she had said, hard.		
One, two, three, he injected small, but precisely measured amounts of the fluids into the three vital localities, then placed the inert form upon a deeply cushioned couch..Of course I wasn't surprised when his searchers failed to find our instruments, but it never occurred to me that I might have a clear field to use them in!."I hate to think of Conway Costigan checking out.		
The heavy cruiser Chicago hung motionless in space, thousands of miles distant from the warring fleets of spaceships so viciously attacking and so stubbornly defending the planetoid of the enemy..Costigan stopped and whirled.."This one section is armed and powered to defeat Triplanetary's entire navy.		
Clio declared, with a flash of spirit..the captain snorted, and Costigan went on: "You won't need to..Well it was for his peace of mind that he had no inkling that the harmlesslooking sphere he was so blithely attacking was in reality the muchdiscussed, halfmythical "supership" of Triplanetary's Secret Service; nor that its already unprecedented armament had been reenforced, thanks to that hated Costigan, with Roger's own every worthwhile idea, as well as with every weapon and defense known to that archNevian, Nerado!		
"I said when!" snapped Costigan, his voice cutting like a knife..I'd better not waste any more time talkinglet's go!".I have power enough to see to that."		
Tedric roared, in such a voice that not a man moved.."Sergeant, you will bear my sword and hammer..A full company of the Royal Guard was already there.		
"Just barely, sire, but in time.".Such conduct is very unseemlydecidedly ungodlike..*       *       *       *       * "They come, master, to the number of eleven," his lookout boy came running with news at midafternoon of the seventh day.		
Seize him, men, and smash that image!".He studied the enemy formation briefly..You just said, yourself, that his image was made of stone and copper and ..." "Don't be silly, Lord.		
Equally thoroughly, however, he believed in the actuality and in the power of Tedric's new god..You will be my only god as long as I live..He called in his henchmen and issued orders.		
Two more to go..All others of his ilk will die ere this day's sunset..Gods of the ancients, what a woman!		
That there is to be no more of it, even to you?.Just stiff.".No slave, or any number of slaves, would do.		
Tedric's eyes flamed more savagely, his terrifically muscled body tensed..While Sarpedion had not appeared personally in Devann's lifetime, he had so appeared many times in the past; and by a sufficiently attractive sacrifice he could be persuaded to appear again, particularly since this appearance would be in selfdefense..Then, deciding that the proposed victim could not be taken alive, he led his crew back the way they had come, trailing fiery threats.		
Copper is no good, I cannot harden it enough.."This furnace must stay this hot all day and all of tonight, and there are other things as bad..Your wrought iron is beautiful stuff; so is your white cast iron; and you would not, ordinarily, in your lifetime, come to know anything of either carburization or highalloy steel, to say nothing of both.		
Why?.That worthy did, with longing; to buy it would take six months of a foreman's pay..And most or all of those runty little slavelings behind you," waving his left arm contemptuously at the group, "will also die before they cut me down.		
And with the head, any resemblance at all to Skandos ceased..Take that biggest chunk of 'metalwhichfellfromthesky'you'll find it's about twice your weight ..." "But I have never been able to work that particular piece of metal, Lord."."Wrong?		
They must be so because I will have to cut my way alone through a throng of armed and armored mercenaries and priests.".This armor I wear is not of iron, but of godmetal, the metal of Llosir, my personal and allpowerful god..And of the black ore of which you have occasionally used a little, onefourth of your weight ..." The instructions went on, from ore to finished product in complete detail, and at its end: "If you follow these directions carefully you will have a highalloysteelchromenickelvanadiummolybdenumtungsten steel, to be exactcasehardened and heattreated; exactly what you need.		
Then, during the hours of lull, in which there was nothing much to do except keep the furious fires fed, Tedric worked upon the image of his god..Slay me those traitor priests before they slay Rhoann and you may...." Tedric did not hear the rest of it, nor was his mind chiefly concerned with the plight of the royal maid..That done, he turned to the altarhe had not even glanced at it before.		
*       *       *       *       * Thus it came about that a towering figure clad in flashing golden armorthe king himself, with a few courtiers scrambling far in his wakedashed up the last few steps just as Tedric was wrenching out Sarpedion's liver.."'Twould be better," the monarch agreed..Nevertheless the attackers pressed forward; and, even though each blow of his devastating sword took a life, Tedric was forced backward up the stairs, step by step.		
Reaching the Temple of Scheene, he found to his immense relief that he would not have to storm that heavilymanned rampart alone..Still no damage.."I said strike!"		
On his left, beyond the stairwell, the wall was equally solid for twice as far..Besides, the image might make it easier for me to call on you in time of need.".Her eyes went from shattered image to bloodcovered armored giant and back to image; her face was a study of parthorrified, partterrified, partworshipful amazement.		
That is final..He fitted the twohand grip meticulously with worked and tempered rawhide, thrilling again and again as each touch of an educated and talented fingertip told him over and over that here was some thing brand new in metala real godmetal.."HOLD!"		
Time runneth short, but I would stay and oblige if pressed.".This first swing, horizontal and neckhigh, was fully as fiercedriven as the one that had cloven the testpiece and almost ruined his testingblock..There was a brief silence, then: "To what do I owe the honor of this visit, priest?"		
How can we of Lomarr ever attain comfort and happiness if more die each year than are born?."Perhaps; but I have blasphemed before and Sarpedion hasn't killed me yet.."Make him Lord of the Marches, father," the girl said, sharply.		
It probably wasn't too late yet, but the sooner he got there, the better would be his chance of winning..Hence, when the minions of Sarpedion next appeared, armored this time in the heaviest and best iron they had and all set to overwhelm him by sheer weight of numbers, he was completely ready.."Sarpedion will be enough.		
In fact, except for the noise, they scarcely bothered him..A burly captain disentangled himself from the front rank and saluted..Goodthey weren't worried enough about him yet, then, to send a big one.		
I've just killed Sarpedion, right here.".Come what may of god or devil you need not fear it, for I and all with me fight under Llosir's shield..The rest of you will ram me into the center of that phalanx with everything of driving force that in you lies.		
He should have thought of that himself, sooner, damn him for a fool!.He had never struck such a blow before, except possibly with a waraxe or a sledge..Can you remember them all?"		
"Good!.Work with me until this iron is made and I give you that sword..We'll go into details later.		
Ordinary meteorites are nickeliron, but this one carries two additional and highly unusual elements, tungsten and vanadium, which are necessary for our purpose..Ah ... the king's daughter.... At the thought the pit of his stomach turned cold..But 'twill not take long.		
"I thank you, sire..Wherefore the next blow, a vertical chop, merely split a man to the chin instead of to the navel: and the third, a backhand return, didn't quite cut the victim's head clear off..See to it that nothing ever does change it.		
We will offer you anything elseanything elsebut not even your refusal to give me the godmetal will change my stand on that.".When those links are broken, by fire and sacrifice, the god may not exactly die, but he can do no more of harm until his priests have made a new image and spent much time and effort in building up new linkages.."I'll take the three at the altaryou fellows take the rest of them!"		
Think, then; that will do just as well..I will be glad to make you my son."."You know better than to ask that question, priest.		
He bent his mighty back to the crank, but even in that raging inferno of heat he kept on talking.."A king youact it!".His crew had done their futile best to help; Bendon, his foreman, was still standing by.		
Tedric, almost stunned by the novelty and audacity of this, the first amphibian operation in the history of his world, was dubious but willing..Phagon ordered..Time was running short; the hours that had formerly dragged like days now flew like minutes.		
The few of the old, true blood stand out head and shoulders above the throng, and you stand out, even among them.."One thing, Lady Rhoann, I understand not..Wouldst like to be Priestess of Llosir?"		
The Middle Branch was wide and swift; and to Tedric and his bowmen, landlubbers all, it was terrifyingly rough and boisterous and full of rocks.."Three days from tomorrow's dawn, exactly as the top rim of the sun clears the meadow, make your charge out of the covering forest, with your archers spread to pick off all who seek to flee..They did the obvious; I shall not.		
I could not have swung weapon against Sarpedion..Wilt keep...." Trycie raised her downcast eyes and stopped short in midsentence; her mouth dropping ludicrously open and her eyes becoming two round O's of astonishment.."I have taken all the strength, all the power, all the force, all of everything that made Sarpedion what he was," the god began.		
"Wouldst permit, sire?".The younger man stared questioningly and the king went on: "My life, the lives of my family, and the future of all Lomarr," he said quietly..Sciro was nearer, but Tedric was faster and stronger and had the better horse.		
But to bed, gentlementomorrow the clarions sound before dawn!".First the wideranging scouts: lean, hard, finetrained runners, stripped to clouts and moccasins and carrying only a light bow and a few arrows apiece..But me, father, you boil not, nor flay, nor seek to punish otherwise, or I split this kingdom asunder like a melon.		
"A good man, him," the boss boatman remarked to one of his mates.."Take, Lord Llosir, all the strength and all the power and all the force that Sarpedion ever had.."Yea."		
Cross the Midvale at the ford three miles above us here..And in that instant there appeared, in the now familiar cagelike structure of shimmering, interlaced bars, the form of flesh that was Llosir the god.."And even if true, 'tis a thing to remedy itself.		
Nothing whatever could have forced him to put an arrow nearer the gold than the farthest of the king's; to avoid doing sowithout transparently missing the target completelywould take skill, since one golden arrow stood a bare three inches from the edge of the target..But this, too, was passedby dint of what labor and stress it is not necessary to dwell uponand as the army debouched out onto the sparselywooded, gullied and eroded terrain of the high barren valley and began to make camp for the night..Then, perhaps, Tark; but not before then."		
And learning to be a riverman was so much easier than learning to be King Phagon's idea of a strategist!."Mindst not beating me but never the Throne?.Why?		
"Yes, captain?".Thus he was near at hand when Phagon went down..Many of the rafts were lost, of course; and Tedric had to swim in icy water more than once, but he loved every exhausting, exciting second of the time.		
he bellowed..They, too, scattered widely and went practically naked: but bore the hundredpound bows and the savagelytearing arrows of their trade..Phagon was very evidently skeptical, but looked around the temple, anyway.		
"What thinkst you, Tedric, should be next?".The only surprise was Hurlo's death ... he had my direct orders not to do battle 'gainst any force, however slightseeming, but to withdraw forthwith into the castle, which was to be kept stocked to withstand a siege of months ... this keeps me from boiling him in oil for stupidity, incompetence, and disloyalty.".*       *       *       *       * The city of Lompoar, Lomarr's capital, lying on the south bank of the Lotar some fifty miles inland from the delta, nestled against the rugged breast of the Coast Range.		
Lord Tedric, I listen.".To appear in that spectacularly conspicuous fashion, one flashing golden figure in a sea of dull irongray, was part of the king's job.."Schillan, with me to my pavilion.		
Surely notTaggad would not split his forces at all seriously: 'tis but to annoy me ... or perhaps they are mostly barbarians despite the Sarlonian iron ... to harry and flee is no doubt their aim, but for Lomarr's good not one of them should escape..Everyone! Not to the priestess only; not only to those of the Old Blood; not only to citizens or natives of Lomarr; but to everyonedown to mercenaries, chance visitors, and such!.Also, take heed: disobey my orders but once, as Hurlo did, and you hang in chains from the highest battlement of your own Castle Middlemarch until your bones rot apart and drop into the lake."		
But 'tis enough of explanation..Buffalolike lippita, mooselike rolatoes, piglike accidesthe largest and among the tastiest of Lomarr's game animalswere so abundant that one good hunter could kill in half an hour enough to feed a century for a day.."No!" the king roared.		
His first arrow grazed the edge of the butt and was an inch low; his second plunged into the padding exactly half way between the king's wildest arrow and the target's rim..And any armsmaster who threwest not arrows by hand at this range to beat both of us should be stripped of badge?".Is it what you've been niggling at me to say?"		
I feel as much a commoner...." "Commoner?.Unobserved, Sciro had been waiting for a chance to speak to his superior officer..'Tis of little enough use, and a shrine will not interfere with what little use it has."		
On, up the bluely placid Lake Midvale, a full day's march long and half that in width..The north bank was different, vastly different, from the south one.."First punish Devoss, sire!"		
Great Llosir had appeared in person.."Not stupid, Tedric, but lacking in judgment, which is not as bad; since the condition is, if you care enough to make it so, remediable..The king's second daughter was very like his first in size and shape, but her eyes were a cerulean blue and her hair, as long and as thick as Rhoann's own, had the color of ripe wheat.		
"'Tis enough..Tedric straddled his king's head, Sciro his feet; and, back to back, two of Lomarr's mightiest armsmasters wove circular webs of flying steel through which it was sheerest suicide to attempt to pass.."Begin, Lord Tedric," said the king.		
Rhoann snapped.."'Tis exactly as I saw him, sire," Tedric replied, firmly..The king did not rest long; the heralds called Tedric in before half his job was done.		
Just outside the town's limit and some hundreds of feet above its principal streets there was a gigantic halfbowl, carved out of the solid rock by an eddy of some byegone age..First to his shop, where his armor was removed and where he scratched himself vigorously and delightfully as it came off..To each man a loaf each day, and all the meat he can eat.		
Phagon was lecturing from a large map, using a sharp stick as pointer; Tedric, Sciro, Schillan, and two or three other highranking officers were watching and listening.."Aye, daughter.."Wilt give orders to build...?"		
"True, but neither of them was a strategist..Hence, my rascally but wellloved parent, here 'tis..So doing, one day, he came upon King Phagon and the Lady Rhoann practicing at archery.		
"'Twill save you rafts, sire, if he works with us..As the two Lords of the Realm, so lately commoners, strode away to do what had to be done: "Neither of us feels any nobler than ever, I know," Sciro said, "but in one way 'tis wellvery well indeed.".First our king, then the Lady Priestess Trycie and her maids, then the Family, then the Court, then the rest.		
"Armor..He was not the type to sit in idleness when there was something physical to do, something new to learn.."Canst swim, Lord Tedric?"		
