Good..You here stay, And request him to present it Unto you..CLOTALDO.		
ESTRELLA....how can he Change his harshness and neglect To this language of respect?		
[Exit..Hark, Clotaldo!.THE SOLDIERS.		
ROSAURA..BASILIUS..(Oh, heavens!)		
That, at least, for truth I deem, All else ended like a dream, THAT alone can never end..CLARIN [aside]..My resources thus are triple, As the causes of disquiet Were which I revealed this instant.		
[Exit..This threatened life hath fled For sanctuary to my feet; I must protect it in that poor retreat..Clarin's jokes are different, and not much better.		
wait!.CLOTALDO..*[footnote] The asonante to the end of Scene IV.		
When it has been undertaken By a man, bold, brave, determined, To obtain a certain object, Though he get perhaps a better, Still not bringing back the first He returns despised:  I beg, then..or teach me how All these numerous doubts to conquer, Or to cease to think of any! Whoe'er tried such painful problems?.SECOND SERVANT.		
All salute thee, fair Senora, Ordnance as their Queen proclaim thee, Beauteous birds as their Aurora, As their Pallas trumpets name thee, And the sweet flowers as their Flora; For Aurora sure thou art, Bright as day that conquers night  Thine is Flora's peaceful part, Thou art Pallas in thy might, And as Queen thou rul'st my heart..CLOTALDO, SIGISMUND, CLARIN, and Soldiers...		
SECOND SERVANT [aside]..What drives thee on?.[Voices within.]		
ASTOLFO..I'll crush you in my arms while you have breath..ROSAURA.		
Take your audacious hand from off my steel..Everything has been effected As you ordered..Tyrant of my will o'erthrown, If thou hoary art and gray, Dying, what do'st give me?		
CLOTALDO..CLARIN [aside]..SIGISMUND.		
Being all the world to me, And if birthday it could be, Since my birthday I have known But this desert wild and lone, Where throughout my life's sad course I have lived, a breathing corse, I have moved, a skeleton; And though I address or see Never but one man alone, Who my sorrows all hath known, And through whom have come to me Notions of earth, sky, and sea; And though harrowing thee again, Since thou'lt call me in this den, Monster fit for bestial feasts, I'm a man among wild beasts, And a wild beast amongst men....I say no more.		
Therefore there is little need To say how the hapless daughter, Heiress of such scant good luck, Had her own peculiar portion..There still lives Prince Sigismund, Miserable, poor, in prison..but what today Shall I do in this emergence? If I tell my name, Clotaldo, Unto whom I am indebted For my very life and honour, May be with me much offended; Since he said my reparation Must in silence be expected.		
CLOTALDO [aside]..[Exit, and they sound to arms...		
ROSAURA [aside]..Where the battle rages thickest We shall meet..He's not.		
BASILIUS and ASTOLFO..ROSAURA..[Enter CLOTALDO and Soldiers; he with a pistol, and all with their faces covered.]		
*     *     *     *     * SCENE V. A HALL IN THE ROYAL PALACE..Go in there..ESTRELLA.		
She could not advise me better, As the cure of my misfortunes, Than to follow and compel him By prodigious acts of boldness To repay my honour's debt: And that such attempt might cost me Less, my fortune wished that I Should a man's strange dress put on me..*     *     *     *     * SCENE XIV..SIGISMUND.		
Knowing from her own experience That 'twas idle, to slowmoving Leisure, to swiftfleeting time, To intrust one's injured honour....And were you guilty 'Gainst my sire, of disrespect?		
Noblehearted Sigismund!.Muttering something restlessly, See he lies..Prince!		
See me presently, for I Much must speak upon this business, And for me you much must do For a part will be committed To you in the strangest drama That perhaps the world e'er witnessed..CLOTALDO..It will cost thee .		
This alone I ponder o'er, My strange mystery to pierce through; Leaving wholly out of view Germs my hapless birthday bore, How have I offended more, That the more you punish me?. No need have we to discuss That this fact can really happen, Since, my lord, experience gives us Many a clear and proved example; Certain 'tis that Nature's secrets May by medicine be extracted, And that not an animal, Not a stone, or herb that's planted, But some special quality Doth possess:  for if the malice Of man's heart, a thousand poisons That give death, hath power to examine, Is it then so great a wonder That, their venom being abstracted, If, as death by some is given, Sleep by others is imparted?.That he who thinks to fly doth nearer go.		
*     *     *     *     * SCENE VII....And thus then betwixt two doubts A mid course alone is granted: 'Tis to seek the King, and tell him Who he is, let what will happen.		
ESTRELLA..Streams are born, a coiledup snake When its path the streamlet finds, Scarce a silver serpent winds 'Mong the flowers it must forsake, But a song of praise doth wake, Mournful though its music be, To the plain that courteously Opes a path through which it flies: And with life that never dies, Must I have less liberty?.See in me One who will this land deliver From a stranger's alien yoke.		
By the choice that I have made, Loyal to the land I'll be, I am liberal with thee, And Astolfo's debt is paid; Choose then, nay, let honour, rather, Choose for thee, and for us two, For, by Heaven!.But I call them brave, intrepid, Who go straight unto their end, And ne'er turn their backs in terror: By the man who brings them with him Everything may be attempted, Since he need on no occasion Have the fear of being deserted..More obstinate doth he grow; What course to take, O heavens!		
FIRST SOLDIER..CLOTALDO...		
Oh!.CHRYSANTHUS...		
From the Same.....		
See note referring to the auto, "The Sacred Parnassus", Act 1, p. 21....CHRYSANTHUS.		
Sir, relying on you then, I will give you ample wealth, If you can restore his health..Ah!.No, my son, 't was but this instant That I entered here, alarmed By the strange and sudden shrillness Of thy voice; and though I had On my hands important business, Grave and weighty, since to me Hath the Emperor transmitted This decree, which bids me search Through the mountains for the Christians Hidden there, and specially For Carpophorus, their admitted Chief and teacher, for which cause I my voice too thus uplifted "Yes, Carpophorus must pay For the trouble that this gives me" I left all at hearing thee. Why so absent?		
Enter Claudius and Escarpin..Why thus treat with so much harshness Those who mourn thy deep dejection?.What may that condition be?		
Tell me, is not Saturn time?.[Exeunt..DARIA (aside).		
Sir, the state in which you see me, This secluded room, this stillness, Do not spring from want of feeling, Or indifference to your wishes..Bid him enter..Here sitting I was reading to myself, And perchance conceived some image I may have addressed in words Which have from my memory flitted.		
Second Voice..Why then wouldst thou desecrate it With thy songs?.Enter POLEMIUS, AURELIUS, CLAUDIUS, and ESCARPIN.		
Is it not enough to feel one form of woe, Without being forced 'neath opposite forms to pine?.Who do I behold?.Of the one God whom I worship These are miracles, are marvels.		
'T is my natural disposition; For I have no taste to mingle In the vulgar vain pursuits Of the courtier crowds ambitious..CYNTHIA..But no; but no; for if thou sing'st of love.		
ESCARPIN..Oh!.Would it not, my son, be fitter That you should enjoy those plaudits In the fresh and blooming springtime Of your life, and to hereafter Leave the loneliness and vigil?		
NISIDA sings..What divinity, desirous That I should not know the endless Mysteries of the book I carry, In my path such snares presenteth, Seeking from these serious studies To distract me and divert me?.Cease, cease; for now I see What has led to this adventure: Thou unhappily art gifted With a genius illdirected; For I count as vain and foolish All the lore that lettered leisure Has in human books e'er written; But this passion has possessed thee, And to learn their magic rites Here, a willing slave, has led thee.		
I nor talents, manners, blood, Would be worthy of, if madly I denied a Great First Cause, Who made all things, mind and matter, Time, heaven, earth, air, water, fire, Sun, moon, stars, fish, birds, beasts, Man then..Pleased in that, to rove or ramble Then will be beyond his power, Even were he so attracted, For a happy married lover Thinks of naught except his rapture..[Exit.		
unwelcome guest!.CLAUDIUS..[Exeunt.		
I ungrateful!.I uphold the true religion Of the gods, their faith and worship, For the zeal that I exhibit In thus crushing Christ's new law, Which I hate with every instinct Of my soul, oh!.Wait!		
ESCARPIN..ESCARPIN..Be not then displeased, Carpophorus .		
Reason, sir, need not be had, For the wisest man is mad If he only gets the name..Here is my name in measured cadence greeted, And there in hollow echoes oft repeated..First Voice.		
me, That my love may thus be tried?.Yonder is the secret cavern Of Carpophorus, at its entrance See him seated with another Reading..DARIA (aside).		
Calderon refers here evidently to the words of St. John the Baptist: "He shall baptize you in the Holy Ghost and fire"St..But what maid is this I see Hither through the garden wending?.CARPOPHORUS (to Polemius).		
POLEMIUS..If to what I said but now You had listened, I believe You would have preferred to leave Still unspoken love's vain vow...		
Wouldst thou then the torment fly, Thou hast only to deny Christ..I faint before it like a flower By warmwinds wooed in noontide's glow..Since she cannot sing; then listen To this subtle play of fancy: "Love, if thou 'rt my god" .		
O'er your vault can thick clouds gather?."But the rhyme is as remarkable as the verse and the translation; not that you have made the asonante as perceptible to the English ear as it is to the Spanish; our cumbersome consonants make that impossible..DARIA.		
Why, they Say, my lord, that you are cracked..oh, the lion!.ESCARPIN.		
..Sir, since the day That you left me with my master In Diana's grove, and I Had with that divinest charmer To leave him, no eye has seen him..Scour the whole plain.		
OTHERS (within)..DARIA..Women!		
This your father bade us do..Fly, fly, Cynthia, Since a terror and a woe Threatens us by far more fearful Than when late a horror froze All our words, and o'er our reason Strange lethargic dulness flowed..The one that 's fair.		
CHRYSANTHUS..'T is true..Hear the words and air.		
Wherefore, wherefore, O immense and mighty Jove, Are thy angry bolts suspended?.Ay, let Deed      Measure your words, indeed your flowers of speech      Ill with your iron equipage atone;      Irony indeed, and wordy compliment..Butone thingfor a momentin your ear      Do you know one Clotaldo?		
Where is the Prince?.But from that hour to this, near, as I think,      Some twenty such renewals of the year      As trace themselves upon the barren rocks,      I never saw you, nor you meunless,      Unless, indeed, through one of those dark masks      Through which a son might fail to recognize      The best of fathers..Traitors!		
etc..If livingBut if by some inward blow      For ever and irrevocably fell'd      By what strikes deeper to the root than sleep?.SOLDIERS (bringing in Rosaura and Fife).		
LORD..Nay, might I not ask ev'n the same of you,      The nodding helmets of whose menatarms      Outcrest the plumage of your lady court?.(His rhymes are out, or he had call'd it spot)      CLO.		
(He dashes toward the throne and is enclosed by the soldiers.).CAPT..This lady is a Princess absolute,      As Prince he is who just saluted you,      And claims her by affiance.		
Enough: whatever be to be retrieved      No moment to be lost..Oh but to save the reeling brain from wreck      With its bewilder'd senses!.CLO.		
CLO..And now he sets the lamp down by his side,      And with one hand clench'd in his tangled hair      And with a sigh as if his heart would break      (During this Segismund has entered from the fortress, with a           torch.).CLO.		
Hence, old fool,      For ever thrusting that white stick of yours      Between me and my pleasure!.Farewell..Segismund!		
That will I straightway bring to trialOh,      After a revelation such as this,      The Last Day shall have little left to show      Of righted wrong and villainy requited!.Bring him here,      Alive or dead..Beware!		
Cease      Your crazy salutations!.But, Segismund, my son, whose quick discourse      Proves I have not extinguish'd and destroy'd      The Man you charge me with extinguishing,      However it condemn me for the fault      Of keeping a good light so long eclipsed,      Reflect!.With all the rest, my liege,      I will not say so like one in a dream      As one himself misdoubting that he dream'd.		
SOLDIER..that dream must be.      And yet, and yet, in these our ghostly lives,      Half night, half day, half sleeping, half awake,      How if our waking life, like that of sleep,      Be all a dream in that eternal life      To which we wake not till we sleep in death?.Well thenIf no magician, as you say,      Yet setting me a riddle, that my brain,      With all its senses whirling, cannot solve,      Yourself or one of these with you must answer      How Ithat only last night fell asleep      Not knowing that the very soil of earth      I lay downchain'dto sleep upon was Poland      Awake to find myself the Lord of it,      With Lords, and Generals, and Chamberlains,      And ev'n my very Gaoler, for my vassals!		
And so      When the crown falters on your shaking head,      And slips the sceptre from your palsied hand,      And Poland for her rightful heir cries out;      When not only your stol'n monopoly      Fails you of earthly power, but 'cross the grave      The judgmenttrumpet of another world      Calls you to count for your abuse of this;      Then, oh then, terrified by the double danger,      You drag me from my den      Boast not of giving up at last the power      You can no longer hold, and never rightly      Held, but in fee for him you robb'd it from;      And be assured your Savage, once let loose,      Will not be caged again so quickly; not      By threat or adulation to be tamed,      Till he have had his quarrel out with those      Who made him what he is..CLO..Hush!		
A dream!.To the capital..SEG.		
(Enter Soldiers with black vizors and torches)      FIFE..Who, to wipe out that shame, have been the first      To stir and lead usHark!.CLO.		
KING..ROS..As you make, I take      Your offer: with like promise on my side      Of loyalty to you and those you serve,      Under like reservation for regards      Nearer and dearer still.		
LORD..The towerthe fortress      That the tower!      That mousetrap!.CHAMB.		
(After a long pause.).Your hand to thatBut why does this warm hand      Shoot a cold shudder through me?.a light      That feels its way with hesitating pulse,      As we do, through the darkness that it drives      To blacken into deeper night beyond.		
SOL..KING..CHAMB.		
KING..EST..I rejoice      That unadvised of any but the voice      Of royal instinct in the blood, your Highness      Has ta'en the chair that you were born to fill.		
Within there!.FIFE..Alas!		
Again?.CLO..What then?		
Welcome, thrice welcome, the auspicious day,      When from the mountain where he darkling lay,      The Polish sun into the firmament      Sprung all the brighter for his late ascent,      And in meridian glory      SEG..SEG..And on a sudden how he stands at gaze      As might a wolf just fasten'd on his prey,      Glaring at a suddenly encounter'd lion.		
What,      At lasthis old selfundisguised where all      Is masqueradeto end it!You kneeling too!.Ay, the capital; and ev'n      That capital of capitals, the Court:      Where you may plead, and, I may promise, win      Pardon for this, you say unwilling, trespass,      And prosecute what else you have at heart,      With me to help you forward all I can;      Provided all in loyalty to those      To whom by natural allegiance      I first am bound to..Prince Segismund!		
And, as I think,      Will soon be here to run it down with us..He was the first we saw,      And strangers and benighted, as we were,      As you too would have done in a like case,      Accosted him at once..Now, if without a bullet after me,      I could but get a peep of my old home      Perhaps of my own mule to take me there      All's stillperhaps the gentlemen within      Are dreaming it is night behind their masks      God send 'em a good nightmare!Now thenHark!		
Ask, ask, fair cousin!.You call me Prince of Poland, and yourselves      My subjectstraitors therefore to this hour,      Who let me perish all my youth away      Chain'd there among the mountains; till, forsooth,      Terrified at your treachery foregone,      You spirit me up here, I know not how,      Popinjaylike invest me like yourselves,      Choke me with scent and music that I loathe,      And, worse than all the music and the scent,      With false, longwinded, fulsome compliment,      That 'Oh, you are my subjects!'.Away with you!		
SEGISMUND (within)..Oh, very well:      From one of this same Polish realm of yours,      Who promised a return, should come the chance,      Of courtesies that he received himself      In Muscovy, and left this pledge of it      Not likely yet, it seems, to be redeem'd..My chamberlain?      And these that follow you?      CHAMB.		
Enough, enough;      Your hand; a bargain on both sides..SEG (to himself)..No matter for myself: but I would know      About my mistressI mean, master      CLO.		
And if the judge proved wrong,      My son withholding from his right thus long,      Shame and remorse to judge and father both:      Unless remorse and shame together drown'd      In having what I flung for worthless found..SEG..And on what errand?		
