Though we had no opportunity to hear him confess it, Bembo's intention to destroy us was beyond all question..There was a low, rustling breeze; and below, in the vale, the leaves were quivering; the sea lay, blue and serene, in the distance; and inland the surface swelled up, ridge after ridge, and peak upon peak, all bathed in the Indian haze of the Tropics, and dreamy to look upon..He darted his harpoon, and missed; and the fish sounded.		
"Aramai!".The tappaof the coarsest kindwas in one long, heavy piece; and, fastening one end to a column of Habiscus wood supporting the Calabooza, he went off a few paces, and putting the other about his waist, wound himself right up to the post..THE HEGIRA, OR FLIGHT "I SAY, doctor," cried I, a few days after my adventure with the goblin, as, in the absence of our host, we were one morning lounging upon the matting in his dwelling, smoking our reed pipes, "Tamai's a thriving place; why not settle down?"		
At the time, I was quite amazed to hear of pressgangs in a day of comparative peace; but the anomaly is accounted for by the fact that, of late, the French have been building up a great military marine, to take the place of that which Nelson gave to the waves of the sea at Trafalgar..Now and then they run up a score at the Dance Houses in Honolulu, where the illustrious Tammahammaha III afterwards calls and settles the bill..The singers, also, seemed to enjoy themselves mightily; some of them pausing, now and then, and looking round, as if to realize the scene more fully.		
Here we lounged at our ease, eating baked pig and breadfruit off earthen plates, and using, for the first time in many a long month, real knives and forks..They pant hard and fast a moment or two; and then, just as the deep flush is dying away from their faces, slowly recede, all round; thus enlarging the ring..With some exceptions, the general appearance of the natives of Partoowye was far better than that of the inhabitants of Papeetee: a circumstance only to be imputed to their restricted intercourse with foreigners.		
Upon which, he seemed to get beside himself; and the boy, who, with suspended paddle, was staring about him, received a sound box over the head, which set him to work in a twinkling, and brought the canoe quite near..Upon a near approach, the picture loses not its attractions..For my own part, I felt that I was under a foreign flag; that an English consul was close at hand, and that sailors seldom obtain justice.		
The most curious of the doctor's jokes, was hoisting the men aloft by the foot or shoulder, when they fell asleep on deck during the nightwatches..One's etarnally thinkin' it's always July, it's so pesky hot.".Doctor Long Ghost and myself, however, never meddled with these preliminaries, but came to the feast itself with unimpaired energies.		
"Stand by for stays," roared Flash Jack, bawling off with the cook's axe, at the fastening of the mainstay..It was an atrocious piece of exaggeration, from beginning to end; and those who signed it could not have known what they were about..My long friend engaged his favourites, the two younger girls, at the game of "Now," or hunting a stone under three piles of tappa.		
'The devil mattee ye,' said I'give me something to eat!'.Wicked priests here, too; and wicked idols in woman's clothes, and brass chains.."Those poor fellows I saw the other daythe sick, I meanhow are they?"		
On the return of the boat, sometime after dark, we learned a good deal from old Baltimore, who, having been allowed to run about as much as he pleased, had spent his time gossiping..or I'll dart a harpoon at ye!".The cannonading had hardly died away, when Jermin's voice was heard giving an order so unexpected that everyone started.		
Presently we made out the following:"Ah!.'bout ship!".Cowed, as they supposed he was, from his attitude, the men, rejoiced at seeing him thus humbled, left him; after rating him, in sailor style, for a cannibal and a coward.		
His brown hand was on the boat's gunwale; and he was hauled aboard in the very midst of the mad bubbles that burst under the bows..This conclusion, however, was not altogether satisfactory..In the annals of the island are examples of extravagant friendships, unsurpassed by the story of Damon and Pythias: in truth, much more wonderful; for, notwithstanding the devotioneven of life in some casesto which they led, they were frequently entertained at first sight for some stranger from another island.		
Now, there was no lack of idle sailors ashore, mostly "Beachcombers," who had formed themselves into an organized gang, headed by one Mack, a Scotchman, whom they styled the Commodore..Another security against roguery was the permanent residence upon the premises of their chief, Tonoi..As for the mob cap, not a fig did I care for it; but, to be taken for anything but a cavalier, by the ringleted one, was absolutely unendurable.		
Captain Bob and his friends lived in a little hamlet hard by; and when morning showed in the East, the old gentleman came forth from that direction likewise, emerging from a grove, and saluting us loudly as he approached..But before the deed could be done, the face became natural;a sigh was heaved;the eyelids quivered, opened, closed; and Long Ghost, twitching all over, rolled on his side, and breathed audibly..CHAPTER LI.		
These are the missionaries, their wives, and children, taking a family airing..Thus only could we account for his conduct..He seemed to be quite proud of his residence there; and alluded to it in the same significant way in which a provincial informs you that in his time he has resided in the capital.		
Indeed, no one but Jermin could have prevented this murder..It is preposterously lofty; indeed, a capital bird'seye view of the congregation ought to be had from its summit..There are tailors, and blacksmiths, and carpenters also; but not one of them is a native.		
and he looked at Long Ghost..Under Zeke's protection, we were secure from all impertinent interference in our concerns on the part of the natives..ye villain, I scorn ye!"		
Hawaii is some one hundred leagues in circuit, and covers an area of over four thousand miles..We freely told them so..The canoes are hauled up on the beach; the nets are spread to dry.		
By many it was supposed that, should the captain leave the ship, the crew were no longer bound by her articles..It was Sunday in Tahiti and a glorious morning, when Captain Bob, waddling into the Calabooza, startled us by announcing "Ahmy boyshippy you, harremaky sail!".Still adhering to his resolution to keep the ship at sea in spite of everything, the captain, doubtless, intended to set himself ashore, leaving the vessel, under the mate, to resume her voyage at once; but after a certain period agreed upon, to touch at the island, and take him off.		
What were his reasons for taking laudanum,if, indeed, he took any whatever,is best known to himself; and, as it is neither mine nor the reader's business, we will say no more about it..By the side of Wilson was the mate, bareheaded, his gray locks lying in rings upon his bronzed brow, and his keen eye scanning the crowd as if he knew their every thought..After a talk with the mate, the consul withdrew, going aboard the French frigate, which lay within a cable's length.		
A dilapidated old musket of Tonoi's was borrowed for the doctor.."Mr. Jermin," he cried loftily, and not deigning to notice the respectful salutation of the person addressed, "Mr. Jermin, tack ship, and stand off from the land.".Invalid whaling captains often adopt a plan like this; but, in the present instance, it was wholly unwarranted; and, everything considered, at war with the commonest principles of prudence and humanity.		
It is used in lamps and for machinery, being much cheaper than the sperm, and, for both purposes, better than the rightwhale oil..The pendent sleeves adding much to the effect, the doctor called me the Bashaw with Two Tails..Withdrawing into a covert, we there waited for the wild hogs; which, according to Zeke, would soon make their appearance, lured by the smell of blood.		
Such queer ideas as they entertained of the hated strangers..Pausing an instant, the sailor pressed softly the chest of his victim, sounding his slumbers; and then hitching the cord to his ankle, returned to the deck..At last they left us; but long as I could see him at all, there was Poky, standing alone and motionless in the bow of his canoe.		
From Afrehitoo you went to this place by a lonely pathway leading through the wildest scenery in the world..Doctor Long Ghost, who saw him thus, ran away with the idea that he was under medical treatment at the timein the act of taking, what the quacks call, a "sweat.".Judge, then, his feelings when Viner, the lost third mate, the instant he touched the deck, rushed up and wrung him by the hand.		
But to my story..Dashing forever against their coral rampart, the breakers looked, in the distance, like a line of rearing white chargers, reined in, tossing their white manes, and bridling with foam..Spearing fish is glorious sport.		
From above, you entered by a plank, with two elects, slanting down from the scuttle, which was a mere hole in the deck..There was a sort of sidecloth in one corner, upon which, in bright, buff jackets, lay the fattest of bananas; "avees," redripe: guavas with the shadows of their crimson pulp flushing through a transparent skin, and almost coming and going there like blushes; oranges, tinged, here and there, berrybrown; and great, jolly melons, which rolled about in very portliness..It was about this time that the whalingships, which have their regular seasons for cruising, began to arrive at Papeetee; and of course their crews frequently visited us.		
RETIRING FOR THE NIGHTTHE DOCTOR GROWS DEVOUT THEY put us to bed very pleasantly..Yet, in spite of all we could do, we lagged behind Zeke and Shorty, who, breathing hard, and perspiring at every pore, toiled away without pause or cessation..The breeze was light, but freshening; and closehauled, poor little Jule, as if nothing had happened, was heading in for the land, which rose high and hazy in the distance.		
mickonaree tata matai!".Nay, as a race, they cannot otherwise long exist..In exchanging naval courtesies, I have known a French band play "Yankee Doodle" with such a string of variations that no one but a "pretty 'cute" Yankee could tell what they were at.		
And upon these were placed, side by side, newlyplucked banana leaves, at least two yards in length, and very wide; the stalks were withdrawn so as to make them lie flat..When will you give over?".Of The Isle Of Diranda CHAPTER XXXV.		
IN THE CITY OF DIS..They Visit One Doxodox CHAPTER LXVIII..A sick man, after some impatience, is induced to become a patient.		
The Musket CHAPTER 124..DISMAL TIMES IN THE MESS..PREPARING FOR THE JOURNEY CHAPTER LXII.		
AFTER A CURIOUS ADVENTURE UPON THE PONT NEUF, ISRAEL ENTERS THE PRESENCE OF THE RENOWNED SAGE, DR. FRANKLIN, WHOM HE FINDS RIGHT LEARNEDLY AND MULTIFARIOUSLY EMPLOYED..HOW WE WERE TO GET TO TALOO CHAPTER LXVII..THE GOOD OR BAD TEMPER OF MENOFWAR'S MEN, IN A GREAT DEGREE, ATTRIBUTABLE TO THEIR PARTICULAR STATIONS AND DUTIES ABOARD SHIP.		
SELVAGEE CONTRASTED WITH MADJACK..XV..THE JACKET ALOFT.		
RECROSSING THE CHANNEL, ISRAEL RETURNS TO THE SQUIRE'S ABODE—HIS ADVENTURES THERE..The Fossil Whale CHAPTER 105..The Grand Armada CHAPTER 88.		
LXVII..CHAPTER XXII..LIX.		
The SpiritSpout CHAPTER 52..THE CALABOOZA BERETANEE CHAPTER XXXII..CHAPTER XXVII.		
Moby Dick CHAPTER 42..MOSQUITOES CHAPTER LVII..The story of the unfortunate man, from which may be gathered whether or no he has been justly so entitled.		
WE ENTER THE HARBOUR—JIM THE PILOT CHAPTER XXVII..They Visit The Great Central Temple Of Vivenza CHAPTER LV..My Lord Media Summons Mohi To The Stand CHAPTER XXXIII.		
LXXXII..WHAT REMAINS OF A MANOFWAR'SMAN AFTER HIS BURIAL AT SEA..I 1864 CONTENTS PREFACE MARDI CHAPTER I 		
Foot In Stirrup CHAPTER II .A Calm CHAPTER III .A King For A Comrade CHAPTER IV 		
A Chat In The Clouds CHAPTER V .Seats Secured And Portmanteaus Packed CHAPTER VI .Eight Bells CHAPTER VII 		
A Pause CHAPTER VIII .They Push Off, Velis Et Remis CHAPTER IX .The Watery World Is All Before Them CHAPTER X 		
They Arrange Their Canopies And Lounges, And Try To Make Things CHAPTER XI .Jarl Afflicted With The Lockjaw CHAPTER XII .More About Being In An Open Boat CHAPTER XIII 		
Of The Chondropterygii, And Other Uncouth Hordes Infesting The South Seas CHAPTER XIV .Jarl's Misgivings CHAPTER XV .A Stitch In Time Saves Nine CHAPTER XVI 		
They Are Becalmed CHAPTER XVII .In High Spirits, They Push On For The Terra Incognita CHAPTER XVIII .My Lord Shark And His Pages CHAPTER XIX 		
Who Goes There?.CHAPTER VII..Pitchpoling CHAPTER 85.		
DOCTOR LONG GHOST A WAG—ONE OF HIS CAPERS CHAPTER XII..XXVII..RETIRING FOR THE NIGHT—THE DOCTOR GROWS DEVOUT CHAPTER LXXV.		
V.   .JACK CHASE ON A SPANISH QUARTERDECK..WHAT THEY THOUGHT OF US IN MARTAIR CHAPTER LXI.		
SOMETHING ABOUT THE KANNAKIPPERS CHAPTER XLVII..Containing the metaphysics of Indianhating, according to the views of one evidently not so prepossessed as Rousseau in favor of savages..A CONSULTATION OF MANOFWAR SURGEONS.		
What Manner Of Men The Tapparians Were CHAPTER XXIV..CHAPTER XVIII..The MastHead CHAPTER 36.		
WE VISIT THE COURT CHAPTER LXXXII..Midnight.—The Forecastle Bulwarks CHAPTER 122..THE DOGDAYS OFF CAPE HORN.		
LXXXVII..CHAPTER XX..THE EXPEDITION THAT SAILED FROM GROIX.		
XLI..XC..A MANOFWAR FOUNTAIN, AND OTHER THINGS.		
ISRAEL IS INITIATED INTO THE MYSTERIES OF LODGINGHOUSES IN THE LATIN QUARTER..L.   .THE BAY OF ALL BEAUTIES.		
XXVIII..XLV..FORTYFIVE YEARS.		
JERMIN ENCOUNTERS AN OLD SHIPMATE CHAPTER XXVI..XVIII..A DRAUGHT IN A MANOFWAR.		
The Carpenter CHAPTER 108..XXI..LXII.		
LXIX..The Right Whale’s Head—Contrasted View CHAPTER 76..The Candles CHAPTER 120.		
They Visit A Wealthy Old Pauper CHAPTER XXII..A soldier of fortune..The Albatross CHAPTER 53.		
They Go Down Into The Catacombs CHAPTER XX..LV..A MANOFWAR RACE.		
CHAPTER XIX..CHAPTER XXV..XI.		
A hard case..THEY LOOK IN AT CARRICKFERGUS, AND DESCEND ON WHITEHAVEN..PROCEEDINGS OF THE CONSUL CHAPTER XXII.		
WE START FOR TALOO CHAPTER LXXII..LX..A Book From The "Ponderings Of Old Bardianna" CHAPTER LXXII.		
THE HOSPITAL IN A MANOFWAR.."Will the world ever be so decayed, that spring may not renew its greenness?".Of course, you will make reasonable allowances for the unavoidable jam.		
My unaccustomed blood curdled at the sharp shriek of the tormented steel.."Won't you step in?".Sir, this house would appear to have been built simply for the accommodation of your chimney."		
It was the loudest, longest and most strangely musical crow that ever amazed mortal man..His face was full  of sturdy vigor, with some finer and keener attribute beneath; though  harsh at first, it was tempered with the glow of a large, warm heart,  which had force enough to heat his powerful intellect through and  through..But softthis fellow now crows most lustily; but it's only morning; let's see how he'll crow about noon, and towards nightfall.		
But it never struck me before..And this was about all the shanty saw of what people call life..And if I magnify Shakspeare, it is not so much for what he did do as for what he did not do, or refrained from doing.		
"Why, do you not remember the words of the Psalmist?'The Lord giveth snow like wool'; meaning not only that snow is white as wool, but warm, too, as wool..Before my eyesthere, passing in slow procession along the wheeling cylinders, I seemed to see, glued to the pallid incipience of the pulp, the yet more pallid faces of all the pallid girls I had eyed that heavy day..And to any shiverer, illventilated warmth is better than wellventilated cold.		
But having at last explicitly understood from me that Mr. Scribe's note had not altered my mind one jot, my wife, to move me, among other things said, that if she remembered aright, there was a statute placing the keeping in private of secret closets on the same unlawful footing with the keeping of gunpowder..For fear one decanter should not with sufficient speed reach his destination, another was sent express after him to hurry him; and then a third to hurry the second; and so on with a fourth and fifth.."Shame!"		
How bright the country looks there where the river overflowed the meadows..Goodby..In cities, where lots are sold by the inch, small space is to spare for a chimney constructed on magnanimous principles; and, as with most thin men, who are generally tall, so with such houses, what is lacking in breadth, must be made up in height.		
"I have often debated in my mind whether it really paid..And what could be more economically contrived?.Sweet are the oases in Sahara; charming the islegroves of August prairies; delectable pure faith amidst a thousand perfidies: but sweeter, still more charming, more delectable, the dreamy Paradise of Bachelors, found in the stony heart of stunning London.		
Always, more or less, machinery of this ponderous elaborate sort strikes, in some moods, strange dread into the human heart, as some living, panting Behemoth might..Not so..What care I?		
The bleak frost packed and paved the square as with some ringing metal..Wherever he went to tea, he had all of the news of the town to tell..But common as were the tunes, I was transfixed by something miraculously superior in the style.		
Whereupon travelers, passing my way, would wag their heads, laughing; "See that wax nosehow it melts off!".How often my wife was at me about that projected grand entrancehall of hers, which was to be knocked clean through the chimney, from one end of the house to the other, and astonish all guests by its generous amplitude.."What then?		
They cost me, in the lump, six hundred dollars."."Tomorrow?".Sick with the din and soiled with the mud of Fleet Streetwhere the Benedick tradesmen are hurrying by, with ledgerlines ruled along their brows; thinking upon rise of bread and fall of babiesyou adroitly turn a mystic cornernot a streetglide down a dim, monastic way, flanked by dark, sedate, and solemn piles, and still wending on, give the whole careworn world the slip, and, disentangled, stand beneath the quiet cloisters of the Paradise of Bachelors.		
"And what did you do with it?".After these light skirmishers had vanished, the heavy artillery of the feast marched in, led by that wellknown English generalissimo, roast beef..But  probably a secret closet would not have been contrived except for some  extraordinary object, whether for the concealment of treasure, or for  what other purpose, may be left to those better acquainted with the  history of the house to guess.		
In truth, it was a beautiful buga Jew jeweler's buga bug like a sparkle of a glorious sunset..The sun yonder is beginning to show himself; I feel warmer..In dearth of other philosophical companionship, I and my chimney have to smoke and philosophize together.		
What justice of the peace will right this matter?.You speak very decidedly.".Thus, I suppose, did Dr. Johnson, that nominal Benedick and widower but virtual bachelor, when for a space he resided here.		
Personally, I doubt not that he rather prefers to be generally esteemed but a soso sort of author; being willing to reserve the thorough and acute appreciation of what he is, to that party most qualified to judgethat is, to himself..No such thing as arresting themsome of our pastures being a sort of Alsatia for the weeds.."Do you see this hole, this crack here?"		
Leaping from the hoop, he strode up majestically to the pile of old clothes, where the woodsawyer lay, and planted himself, like an armorial supporter, at his side..The washing being done outside the main building, under an infirmlooking old shed, the dame stood upon a halfrotten soaked board to protect her feet, as well as might be, from the penetrating damp of the bare ground; hence she looked pale and chill..But finding this did not answer, the next day, she gave me to understand that either she or the chimney must quit the house.		
So that, when upon reining up at the protruding rock I at last caught sight of the quaint groupings of the factorybuildings, and with the traveled highway and the Notch behind, found myself all alone, silently and privily stealing through deepcloven passages into this sequestered spot, and saw the long, highgabled main factory edifice, with a rude towerfor hoisting heavy boxesat one end, standing among its crowded outbuildings and boardinghouses, as the Temple Church amidst the surrounding offices and dormitories, and when the marvelous retirement of this mysterious mountain nook fastened its whole spell upon me, then, what memory lacked, all tributary imagination furnished, and I said to myself, This is the very counterpart of the Paradise of Bachelors, but snowed upon, and frostpainted in a sepulchre..After several strange noises as of a cat among the crockery, he reappeared through the same door, looking uncommonly crestfallen, and, with a deeply embarrassed air, requested my daughter to designate at which of the nine he should find exit.."Thank you," said I, "III am engaged."		
demanded Julia, in alarm..hold!.Nor will I take oath, that, had her project been accomplished, then, by help of lights hung at judicious intervals through the tunnel, some Belzoni or other might have succeeded in future ages in penetrating through the masonry, and actually emerging into the diningroom, and once there, it would have been inhospitable treatment of such a traveler to have denied him a recruiting meal.		
"Well, that's as you take it, sir..I was greeted, not without much embarrassmentowing, I suppose to my dressbut still with unaffected and honest kindness..Mind, Jehu"addressing the driver on the box"this is a gentleman you carry.		
Come to think of it, cocks crow most lustily in the beginning of the day..A few moments more and I stood bewildered among the beggars in the famous Guildhall..And, for all the world, the proud pace of the cock seemed the very stagepace of the Signor Beneventano.		
Do you seek admiration from the admirers of a buffoon?.The lean rascal (a lean farmer, toothink of that!).In one corner stood some huge frame of ponderous iron, with a vertical thing like a piston periodically rising and falling upon a heavy wooden block.		
Depend upon it, the ticking will trouble you no more.".When I inquired of this person where Jimmy could possibly be, he took me close to Trinity Church rail, out of the jostling of the crowd, and whispered me, that Jimmy had the evening before entered an old house of his (Jimmy's), in C Street, which old house had been for a time untenanted..He glorified the very voices which came in ailing tones from behind the screen.		
here's a bit on the floor..As for the grass, every spring it is like Kossuth's rising of what he calls the peoples..They are not so many in number as to exhaust her goodwill.		
The genuine Templar is long since departed..The cock frightened me, like some overpowering angel in the Apocalypse..There again!		
It has a druidical look, away down in the umbrageous cellar there whose numerous vaulted passages, and far glens of gloom, resemble the dark, damp depths of primeval woods..Struck by Time's enchanter's wand, the Templar is today a Lawyer..As well talk of Catholic miracles.		
Going behind the curtain, there lay a wasted, but strangely cheerful human face; and that was pretty much all; the body, hid by the counterpane and an old coat, seemed too shrunken to reveal itself through such impediments..But already I feel that this Hawthorne has dropped germinous seeds into my soul..Putting on his spectacles, the learned professor looked hard at the table, and gently scraped with his penknife into the holes, but said nothing.		
There are other sketches still more charged with ponderous import..The woods were strewn with dry dead boughs, snapped off by the riotous winds of March, while the young trees skirting the woods were just beginning to show the first yellowish tinge of the nascent spray..It was a mull of snuff.		
