"It isn't," she explained a little breathlessly, in relief, suddenly respecting him, allowing him to thread a way for her through the increasing crowd towards the open evening, "that I don't want to see the fireworks, but I simply can't stand the noise."		
But the bones would not change.		
At the last moment she and Eve were obliged to fall in at the back of the group with Mr. Green and Mr. Parrow, and now the four of them were walking in a row up the staring white hill with the evening at the Crystal Palace ahead of them in faraway London.		
I shall ask Aunt Lucy to write to Miss Perne."		
I s'pose I shall manage."		
Wise and beautiful!"		
She could go on talking to him whenever she liked.		
we've scrubbed the coffin, Mirioramashe'll sit there all the evening."		
"Then you're probably an atheist."		
But it's much better up here.		
Hotly flushing, she recognised that she had been staring at Miss Jenny Perne hurrying in to preside at tea.		
Why are they?		
The expression of the left hand was less reassuring.		
But it was wrong.		
"Just what I say."		
And perhaps he would be really stupid.		
When they turned at last to walk home and fell again into couples as before, Miriam searched her empty mind for something to say about the dim, cool musty church, the strange silent deeps of it there amongst the great green downs, the waiting chairs, the cold empty pulpit and the little cold font, and the sunlit front of the old Grange where King Charles had taken refuge.		
Go away Gerald.		
I'm sure I don't know."		
They would all feel for her.		
She's always having shandygaff with the men."		
I suppose we don't know ye.		
Nonsense, Nancie, you know you were laughing.		
It was a narrower, lighter hand, more flexible, less sensitive and more even in its touchmore smooth and manageable in playing scales.		
It was German.		
She glanced at the stiff rather full crape sleeve nearest to her and sought about in her mind for help as she said with a blush, "Oh, I see."		
"Won't you sit down a minute?		
Then she braced herself to meet the shock.		
It was either quite a nice name or pitiful; like a child trying to say sparrow.		
The sudden lightening of his face surprised her again, violently, as she recalled it.		
"I wish I understood ye, my dear."		
At the same timeif the girls wanted to rush about and scream and wear no hats nobody had any right to interfere with them ... they ought to be suppressed though, North London girls, capable of anything in the way of horridness ... the Pernes did not seem to see how horrid the girls were in themselves, common and knowing and horrid.		
She wore a highwaisted black serge pinafore dress with black crape vest and sleeves.		
As she struck her opening chords she watched her mother gently quell the narrative and steer the sturdy form towards a group of people hesitating in the doorway.		
"I wish I had a really stunning dress," remarked Miriam, as they tapped across the wide hall.		
She bitterly resented their vision of children as malleable subordinates.		
I don't say she's a child.		
"What?"		
"How much do you think people could marry on?"		
With you it should be well with a man."		
Sarah's strange clean clear channel of wisdom.		
For a moment her heart cried out to him.		
Mrs. Green is so strong and clever.		
"Eunice!"		
She did not look up but sat frowning sourly into her bowl of bread and milk, ladling and pouring the milk from the spoon.		
said Miriam, watching Eve bend a crimson face over the teatray on the hearthrug.		
They were all tramping quickly up along the echoing corridor.		
With a sudden sense of daring, Miriam determined to assume the deserted avenue as part of the garden.		
At the end of an hour spent pacing the halfdark platform exhausted with cold and excitement and the monotonously reiterated effort to imagine the arrival of one of Mrs. Hungerford's heroines from a train journey, Miriam, whose costume had been described in a letter to the girl's mother, was startled wandering amidst the vociferous passengers at the luggage end of the newly arrived train by a liquid colourless intimate voice at her elbow.		
That's the door in our cupboard!"		
Miriam looked up.		
Harriett coming up the garden with a basket of cut flowers saw her at the cook's bedroom window.		
"Magnifique, Mirry, parfaitement magnifique," intoned Tommy Babington, appearing in the doorway with Meg on his arm.		
Of course he didn't.		
We'd better find a porter."		
"Oh, I'm sure I don't know."		
"They are so jolly and strong.		
"All right, I'm coming, damn you, aren't I?"		
And even if I did my throat is simply agonies at the end of each morning."		
She was surprised by a sudden suggestion that she should smoke the single cigarette herself.		
I shan't come down at first.		
Here she was helpless and alone.		
These were the things she wanted; gay houseparties, people with beautiful wavering complexions and masses of shimmering hair catching the light, fragrant filmy diaphanous dresses; these were the people to whom she belongeda year or two of life like that, dancing and singing in and out the houses and gardens; and then marriage.		
"Oh, I never shallin any case now."		
Eh?		
Were they all looking after them properly?		
She might have spared herself all her agonising.		
"She doesn't approve of general conversation," thought Miriam.		
Amongst them she noted Bevan Seymour, upright and slender, dancing with Harriett with an air of condescending vivacity, his bright teeth showing all the time.		
It could be made to become the atmosphere of her life.		
How battered and ordinary everyone had looked, frail and sick, stamped with a pallor of sickness.		
A bright yellow pathway led up through the green of the public cricket ground, pierced the avenue of poplars and disappeared through the further greenery in a curve that was the beginning of its encirclement of the park lake.		
Why did they not come?		
This stranger saw her only as a teacher.		
's" ... they were something much more than that.		
I'm coming in.		
You simply run away from them," she said scornfully; "go out for a walk or something."		
"D'you mean to say you've been never specially interested in anybody?"		
Miriam stared at him as they passed, he was so short, shorter than any of the ladies he was with.		
Her thwarted expectations ranged forth beyond control, feeling swiftly and cruelly about for succour where she had learned there was none.... Nancie, her parents abroad, her aunt's house at Cromer, with a shrubbery, the cousin from South Africa coming home to Cromer, taking her out in a dogcart, telling her she was his guiding star, going back to South Africa; everything Nancie said and did, even her careful hairbrushing and her energetic upright walk, her positive brave way of entering a room, coming out through those malicious pinpointsthings she said about the Misses Perne and the girls, things she whispered and laughed, little rhymes she sang with her unbearable laugh.		
Khooo!"		
said Bevvy in his most superior manner."		
She veiled her waiting eyes and felt their radiance stream through her, flooding her with strength from head to foot.		
124.)		
The Vision from the Hilltop.		
Women are heirs of life as well as men ... they must all give an account of their stewardship and are to be possessors of life and light and grace and the gospel of Christ, and to labour in it and to keep their liberty and freedom in it as well as the men.		
(C. J., I., p.		
Here thou wilt see the mercies of God made manifest in death.		
Whatever ye are addicted to, the tempter will come in that thing; and when he can trouble you then he gets advantage over you, and then ye are gone.		
Consecrated Ground.		
1945.)		
Beware of Worldly Entanglements.		
But my message unto them was from the Lord that they might all come together again and wait to feel the Lord's power and spirit in themselves to gather them to Christ, and to be taught of him who says, learn of me.		
(Works, VIII., p.		
What?		
So that none that are raw or weak, that are not able to give a testimony of the affairs of the church and truth may go on behalf of the particular meetings to the quarterly meetings, but may be nursed up in your monthly meetings and there fitted for the Lord's service.		
Meeting Days.		
Stand still in that which shows and discovers, and there doth strength immediately come.		
(C. J., I., p.		
(Works, IV., p.		
So the son of God within riseth through death to destroy death in man.		
All friends to be kept cool and quiet in the power of the Lord God and all that is contrary will be subjected, the lamb hath the victory, the seed is the patience.		
The justices whispered together and bid the goaler take us away and so the goaler brought us away and almost all the people followed us out of the court and it was a mighty day for the truth.		
And the least member in the church hath an office and is serviceable and every member hath need of another.		
Discerners of Spirits.		
Now concerning those that do go to the Quarterly Meeting as representatives, they must be substantial friends that can give a testimony of your sufferings and how things are amongst you in every particular meeting.		
For they were both meethelps and they were both to have dominion over all that God made.		
Honour.		
83.)		
In that light which shows thee all this, stand.		
There is the danger and there must be the fear and the patience.		
When I was in prison, diverse professors came to discourse with me; and I had a sense, before they spoke, that they came to plead for sin and imperfection.		
For a man that would be great and goes beyond his estate, lifts himself up, runs into debt and lives highly of other men's means; he is a waster of other men's, and a destroyer.		
218219.)		
And the priest said there might be a perfection as Adam and a falling from it and I said there was a perfection in Christ beyond Adam and should never fall; and it was the work of the ministers of Christ to present every man perfect in Christ and for the perfecting of them they had their gifts from Christ and they that denied perfection they denied the work of ... (illegible) the gifts of Christ who was for that end for the perfecting, broken.		
96.)		
They draw people unto the letter and tell them it is the word and to hearken to them who speak their vain imaginations of it.		
(Works, VII., p.		
(C. J., Vol.		
18.)		
So if he be not subjected with the power in the particular which would arise into the strife, that is dangerous.		
And therefore they said our religion lay in such things but our answer was, nay, for though the spirit of God led into that which was comely and decent and from chambering and wantonness and from sporting and pastimes and feasting as in the day of slaughter and from wearing costly apparel as the apostle commands and from the world's honour fashions and customs.		
So if anyone have a moving to any place and have spoken what they were moved of the Lord, return to their habitation again and live in the pure life of God and fear of the Lord.		
(C. J., I., p.		
Concerns to Travel Abroad.		
None is worthy to have the name of a magistrate that is proud, peevish, selfish, crabbed; or that is wilful or wicked or that is heady or highminded; for the higher power is to chain such from their intents and mischievous ends that they would do and wrong the innocent with their unrighteous intents; and such as touching judgment are blind, that be perverse and full of ambition and pride, such forgets God and he is not in their thoughts, these feel not the burden that the innocent bears and groans under; for such as be there be in that nature that burdens the just in particular and in the general; before whose eyes the fear of God is not, who makes a prey upon the just....		
And now all friends, all your meetings, you do know that you have felt both His power and spirit and wisdom and blessed refreshing presence among you and in you to his praise and glory and your comfort so that you have been a city set on a hill that cannot be hid.		
And the glory of the Lord did shine over all.		
I., p. 63, from MSS.)		
All such as preach the light and walk in darkness, and preach the spirit (the fruits of which are love and peace) and are in enmity, were never owned by God, nor Christ, nor good men, though they may be called Christians.		
So I declared to the people that I came not to hold up their idols, temple, tithes nor priests but to declare against them and opened to the people all their traditions and that piece of ground was no more holy than another piece of ground and that they should know that their bodies were to be the temples of God and Christ and so to bring them off all the world's hireling teachers to Christ their free teacher and directing them to the spirit and grace, and the light of Jesus that they might know both God and Christ and the Scriptures.		
But O!		
(C. J., I., p.		
(C. J., I., p.		
Pleading for Unholiness.		
For the fellowship is in the light, and the unity is in the spirit, and that is the bond of peace amongst people.		
152.)		
Possessing the Scriptures.		
Relationships.		
Blessed be his name for ever.		
(Works, VIII., p.		
39.)		
To All that be in the Fall.		
Enslaved Races.		
Keep your meetings in the power of the Lord God ... that all uncleanness whatsoever may, by the power of the Lord, be brought down and rooted out; and that such have no rule nor authority amongst you, though they be never so fair or excellent of speech.		
Burning a Witch.		
The Word.		
193.)		
And take heed of lightness.		
(Works, VIII., p.		
And so, now you that are settled in those parts, who have had a testimony from the Lord to bear to people of the truth, you should spread abroad God's eternal truth; and have meetings (as I said before) with the Indian Kings and people; so that all the earth may come to look unto the Lord for salvation.		
I, p. 110, slightly condensed.)		
As the light appeared, all appeared that is out of the light; darkness, death, temptations, the unrighteous, the ungodly; all was manifest and seen in the light.		
Therefore keep in Christ and walk in him.		
(Ibid.) Oh therefore let not the mind go forth from God; for if it do it will be stained, venomed and corrupted.		
That which is hasty discerns not the good seed.		
He that hath the son of God he hath life eternal; and he that had not the son of God let him profess all the Scriptures from Genesis to Revelation he had not life.		
(Works, VII., p. 144, condensed.)		
For it is a bad savour and must be kept down and be kept subject.		
For I saw he had a flashy empty notion of religion.		
Hold forth God's sword to all people under you and not your own wills.... Seek first the Kingdom of God that he may rule in your own hearts over your pride, over your passion, over lust, over covetousness, over respect of persons and over all unrighteousness.		
(Works, VIII., p.		
And so when I came into the goaler's house the goaler said, Gentlemen, you are all set at liberty and you know I must have my fees, but give me what you will, which a great service to the truth it was.		
Concerning Women.		
O Friends, do not die from the good through the wantonness of fleshly lusts, neither be choked with the cares of this life, nor fear the shearers, neither let the heat scorch your green blade; but dwell under the shadow of the Almighty who will shade you from the heat and cold.		
And the elder women in the truth were not only called elders, but mothers.		
It made you know you were in Japan, in the picture of Japan ... and somebody had said that all good art, all great art, had a sensuous element ... it was dreadful, but probably true ... because the man had observed it and was not an artist, but somebody looking carefully on.		
"Yes" announced Miriam eagerly coming in and closing the door, her ears straining to catch the placid words spoken by the woman as she disappeared softly into a softlylit room.		
"Do tell me about it" she said with bold uneasy eagerness hoping he would drop her hand when he spoke.		
Here in London it seemed wrong ... she hurried wearily with aching head up the long platform.		
There was something they were not.		
All that had come to an end.		
"Borrowed it from Harry.		
"You had tea?"		
There was that.		
His brilliant dark eyes smiled sharply at Miss Szigmondy and shot beyond her towards Miriam as he stood aside holding the door wide.		
She must have other friends she could turn to ... she must know one could not go on.		
"Suppe, children."		
Then she had been asleep!		
She felt trapped ... "a few moments of your time to advise me" and now half the summer twilight had gone and she was pinned in this prison face to face with anything Miss Dear might choose to present; forced by the presences audible in the other cubicles to a continuation of her triumphant tearoom manner.		
I've never seen you look so nice.		
"Really Miriam she is rather wonderful you know.		
Bowls of flowers stood about.		
Was she listening patiently like a mother, or wife, thinking of the reader as well as of what was read, and with her own thoughts running along independently, interested now and again in some single thing in the narrative, something that reminded her of some experience of her own or some person she knew?		
"Not really ill, deer.		
I'm not sure.		
Poetry!		
It was light coming through one's eyelids that made that clear soft buff; soft buff light filtering through one's body ... little sounds, insects creeping and humming in the hedge, sounds from the grass.		
It begins with a crowded trainload of sick people going down through France on a very hot day ... it's simply stupendous ... you feel you're in the train, you go through it all"she turned away and looked through the window overcome ... "and there's a thing called 'La Rêve'" she went on incoherently with a break in her voice "about an embroideress and a man called Felicienit's simply the most lovely thing."		
"Haddock doesn't hardly need any cooking" said Miss Dear, shifting the fish about by its tail.		
His face when he turned to the cabinet was disordered, separate from the room and from his work; a most curious expression.		
"There's a lovely green picture" said Miriam, "at least I like it."		
"But aren't clothes awful, anyhow?		
"Not in the way Hendie is.		
Altogether wrong.		
There was dismay in it.		
What a fine great free voice.... "When shall we meetrefined and free, amongst the moorland bracken ..." if Mr. Hancock could have heard her sing that, surely his heart must have gone out to her?		
"I'm all right" said Miriam impatiently, finding the beginning of the first chapter.		
In neither of these offices she felt sure, could she hold her ownand yet compared to her own long daywhat freedom the girls hadten to five and eleven to six and any clothes they found it convenient to wear.		
He's seen me in the new life changed ... and I'm not really changed.		
One day he will know it is not imagination.		
Irritatingwhy did she do itwhat was itnot a provincialismsome kind of affectation as if she were on the stage.		
"Fancy you!"		
Miriam made her excuse, pleading an engagement and sat down to the piano.		
She was cold to the waist, her feet without feeling on the strip of linoleum; her knees protruding into the window space felt as if they were in cold water.		
"No, it's not gone, you're just in time."		
"I think so" said Miriam uneasily.		
"I don't.		
They don't look at the thing they are doing."		
he indicated his son with a flourish of his serviette.		
They got information at any rate and then perhaps got free and thought their own thoughts.		
If women had been the recorders of things from the beginning it would all have been the other way round ... Mary.		
I was like the man who proposed to the girl at the dance because he could not think of anything to say to her.		
Mr. Hancock raised the plaque in his arms and walked with it to the wall raising it just above his head and holding it in place between the two pictures of Devonshire.		
It needed only to have all the skylights open the blue of the sky visible, the thin spring air coming in, the fire alight making a summery glow, to be perfect; like spring teatime in a newly visited house.		
Even her shoulders looked broader and squarer.		
Then it was over and she must go on enduring whilst Miss Szigmondy paid a call; unable to get free because she was being paid for and could not afford to go back alone.		
Miss Dear was peacefully asleep lying on her back with her head thrown back upon the pillow.		
She hardly looked.		
And look here.		
I shan't leave until I have proved that no one can put me in a false position.		
"Mahan."		
How did she feel?		
James's cheerful footsteps clacked alongneat highheeled shoestowards the kitchen.		
Nothing in future but the letters, the overhauling of Mr. Hancock's empty surgery, the easy lunch with Mr. Leyton, and the weekend.		
"Do you like children?"		
*       *       *       *       * "Well my dear man you've got the Duke of Argyll to keep you company" sighed Mr. Wilson with a smothered giggle, getting to his feet.		
"Oh yes" she replied casually.		
"Would you call that treachery to the other person?"		
The room was cold and stuffy.		
Really that sudden remark was the result of having failed to speak when they were all talking about Mr. Wilson.		
There was not a spot anywhere.		
She had only just come.		
Her room was almost warm after the outside cold.		
Was it a rescue, or a sacrifice to the embarrassing occasion?		
And he would not have patience to hear her try to explain; and by that he robbed her of the power of trying to explain.		
she responded emphatically.... Why can't I be quiet and hear what he has to say?		
Either the workshop or the surgery account must suffer.		
She pulled a deep wicker chair close up to the exciting white ashsprinkled hearth.		
"Busy?"		
How clever of her ... deceitful ... that little spark of Alma in her must have been deceitful ... sly, at some moment.		
Mr. Orly had given a ghostly little chuckle.		
Something forcing me back upon something.		
The second pair of eyes surely would not agree with what Mr. Wilson had been saying.		
It may be quite right, perhaps you are more sociable than I am."		
They do things that have nothing to do with their circumstances.		
Miriam fired and hesitated.		
Excellent!		
No wonder, since it is folly, an endless play on words.		
