"	-PRON-	be	not	,	"	-PRON-	explain	a	little	breathlessly	,	in	relief	,	suddenly	respect	-PRON-	,	allow	-PRON-	to	thread	a	way	for	-PRON-	through	the	increase	crowd	towards	the	open	evening	,	"	that	-PRON-	do	not	want	to	see	the	firework	,	but	-PRON-	simply	can	not	stand	the	noise	.	"		
but	the	bone	would	not	change	.		
at	the	last	moment	-PRON-	and	eve	be	oblige	to	fall	in	at	the	back	of	the	group	with	mr.	green	and	mr.	parrow	,	and	now	the	four	of	-PRON-	be	walk	in	a	row	up	the	star	white	hill	with	the	evening	at	the	crystal	palace	ahead	of	-PRON-	in	faraway	london	.		
-PRON-	shall	ask	aunt	lucy	to	write	to	miss	perne	.	"		
-PRON-	s'pose	-PRON-	shall	manage	.	"		
wise	and	beautiful	!	"		
-PRON-	could	go	on	talk	to	-PRON-	whenever	-PRON-	like	.		
-PRON-	have	scrub	the	coffin	,	mirioramashe'll	sit	there	all	the	evening	.	"		
"	then	-PRON-	be	probably	an	atheist	.	"		
but	-PRON-	be	much	good	up	here	.		
hotly	flush	,	-PRON-	recognise	that	-PRON-	have	be	star	at	miss	jenny	perne	hurrying	in	to	preside	at	tea	.		
why	be	-PRON-	?		
the	expression	of	the	left	hand	be	less	reassuring	.		
but	-PRON-	be	wrong	.		
"	just	what	-PRON-	say	.	"		
and	perhaps	-PRON-	would	be	really	stupid	.		
when	-PRON-	turn	at	last	to	walk	home	and	fall	again	into	couple	as	before	,	miriam	search	-PRON-	empty	mind	for	something	to	say	about	the	dim	,	cool	musty	church	,	the	strange	silent	deep	of	-PRON-	there	amongst	the	great	green	down	,	the	wait	chair	,	the	cold	empty	pulpit	and	the	little	cold	font	,	and	the	sunlit	front	of	the	old	grange	where	king	charles	have	take	refuge	.		
go	away	gerald	.		
-PRON-	be	sure	-PRON-	do	not	know	.	"		
-PRON-	would	all	feel	for	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	always	have	shandygaff	with	the	man	.	"		
-PRON-	suppose	-PRON-	do	not	know	ye	.		
nonsense	,	nancie	,	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	be	laugh	.		
-PRON-	be	a	narrow	,	light	hand	,	more	flexible	,	less	sensitive	and	more	even	in	-PRON-	touchmore	smooth	and	manageable	in	play	scale	.		
-PRON-	be	german	.		
-PRON-	glance	at	the	stiff	rather	full	crape	sleeve	near	to	-PRON-	and	seek	about	in	-PRON-	mind	for	help	as	-PRON-	say	with	a	blush	,	"	oh	,	-PRON-	see	.	"		
"	will	not	-PRON-	sit	down	a	minute	?		
then	-PRON-	brace	-PRON-	to	meet	the	shock	.		
-PRON-	be	either	quite	a	nice	name	or	pitiful	;	like	a	child	try	to	say	sparrow	.		
the	sudden	lightening	of	-PRON-	face	surprise	-PRON-	again	,	violently	,	as	-PRON-	recall	-PRON-	.		
"	-PRON-	wish	-PRON-	understand	ye	,	-PRON-	dear	.	"		
at	the	same	timeif	the	girl	want	to	rush	about	and	scream	and	wear	no	hat	nobody	have	any	right	to	interfere	with	-PRON-	...	-PRON-	ought	to	be	suppress	though	,	north	london	girl	,	capable	of	anything	in	the	way	of	horridness	...	the	pernes	do	not	seem	to	see	how	horrid	the	girl	be	in	-PRON-	,	common	and	know	and	horrid	.		
-PRON-	wear	a	highwaisted	black	serge	pinafore	dress	with	black	crape	vest	and	sleeve	.		
as	-PRON-	strike	-PRON-	opening	chord	-PRON-	watch	-PRON-	mother	gently	quell	the	narrative	and	steer	the	sturdy	form	towards	a	group	of	people	hesitate	in	the	doorway	.		
"	-PRON-	wish	-PRON-	have	a	really	stunning	dress	,	"	remark	miriam	,	as	-PRON-	tap	across	the	wide	hall	.		
-PRON-	bitterly	resent	-PRON-	vision	of	child	as	malleable	subordinate	.		
-PRON-	do	not	say	-PRON-	be	a	child	.		
"	what	?	"		
"	how	much	do	-PRON-	think	people	could	marry	on	?	"		
with	-PRON-	-PRON-	should	be	well	with	a	man	.	"		
sarah	's	strange	clean	clear	channel	of	wisdom	.		
for	a	moment	-PRON-	heart	cry	out	to	-PRON-	.		
mrs.	green	be	so	strong	and	clever	.		
"	eunice	!	"		
-PRON-	do	not	look	up	but	sit	frown	sourly	into	-PRON-	bowl	of	bread	and	milk	,	ladle	and	pour	the	milk	from	the	spoon	.		
say	miriam	,	watch	eve	bend	a	crimson	face	over	the	teatray	on	the	hearthrug	.		
-PRON-	be	all	tramp	quickly	up	along	the	echo	corridor	.		
with	a	sudden	sense	of	daring	,	miriam	determine	to	assume	the	desert	avenue	as	part	of	the	garden	.		
at	the	end	of	an	hour	spend	pace	the	halfdark	platform	exhaust	with	cold	and	excitement	and	the	monotonously	reiterate	effort	to	imagine	the	arrival	of	one	of	mrs.	hungerford	's	heroine	from	a	train	journey	,	miriam	,	whose	costume	have	be	describe	in	a	letter	to	the	girl	's	mother	,	be	startled	wandering	amidst	the	vociferous	passenger	at	the	luggage	end	of	the	newly	arrive	train	by	a	liquid	colourless	intimate	voice	at	-PRON-	elbow	.		
that	be	the	door	in	-PRON-	cupboard	!	"		
miriam	look	up	.		
harriett	come	up	the	garden	with	a	basket	of	cut	flower	see	-PRON-	at	the	cook	's	bedroom	window	.		
"	magnifique	,	mirry	,	parfaitement	magnifique	,	"	intone	tommy	babington	,	appear	in	the	doorway	with	meg	on	-PRON-	arm	.		
of	course	-PRON-	do	not	.		
-PRON-	would	better	find	a	porter	.	"		
"	oh	,	-PRON-	be	sure	-PRON-	do	not	know	.	"		
"	-PRON-	be	so	jolly	and	strong	.		
"	all	right	,	-PRON-	be	come	,	damn	-PRON-	,	be	not	-PRON-	?	"		
and	even	if	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	throat	be	simply	agony	at	the	end	of	each	morning	.	"		
-PRON-	be	surprise	by	a	sudden	suggestion	that	-PRON-	should	smoke	the	single	cigarette	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	shall	not	come	down	at	first	.		
here	-PRON-	be	helpless	and	alone	.		
these	be	the	thing	-PRON-	want	;	gay	housepartie	,	people	with	beautiful	wavering	complexion	and	mass	of	shimmering	hair	catch	the	light	,	fragrant	filmy	diaphanous	dress	;	these	be	the	people	to	whom	-PRON-	belongeda	year	or	two	of	life	like	that	,	dance	and	sing	in	and	out	the	house	and	garden	;	and	then	marriage	.		
"	oh	,	-PRON-	never	shallin	any	case	now	.	"		
eh	?		
be	-PRON-	all	look	after	-PRON-	properly	?		
-PRON-	may	have	spar	-PRON-	all	-PRON-	agonising	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	approve	of	general	conversation	,	"	think	miriam	.		
amongst	-PRON-	-PRON-	note	bevan	seymour	,	upright	and	slender	,	dance	with	harriett	with	an	air	of	condescend	vivacity	,	-PRON-	bright	tooth	show	all	the	time	.		
-PRON-	could	be	make	to	become	the	atmosphere	of	-PRON-	life	.		
how	batter	and	ordinary	everyone	have	look	,	frail	and	sick	,	stamp	with	a	pallor	of	sickness	.		
a	bright	yellow	pathway	lead	up	through	the	green	of	the	public	cricket	ground	,	pierce	the	avenue	of	poplar	and	disappear	through	the	further	greenery	in	a	curve	that	be	the	beginning	of	-PRON-	encirclement	of	the	park	lake	.		
why	do	-PRON-	not	come	?		
this	stranger	see	-PRON-	only	as	a	teacher	.		
be	"	...	-PRON-	be	something	much	more	than	that	.		
-PRON-	be	come	in	.		
-PRON-	simply	run	away	from	-PRON-	,	"	-PRON-	say	scornfully	;	"	go	out	for	a	walk	or	something	.	"		
"	d'you	mean	to	say	-PRON-	have	be	never	specially	interested	in	anybody	?	"		
miriam	star	at	-PRON-	as	-PRON-	pass	,	-PRON-	be	so	short	,	short	than	any	of	the	lady	-PRON-	be	with	.		
-PRON-	thwart	expectation	range	forth	beyond	control	,	feel	swiftly	and	cruelly	about	for	succour	where	-PRON-	have	learn	there	be	none	....	nancie	,	-PRON-	parent	abroad	,	-PRON-	aunt	's	house	at	cromer	,	with	a	shrubbery	,	the	cousin	from	south	africa	come	home	to	cromer	,	take	-PRON-	out	in	a	dogcart	,	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	be	-PRON-	guide	star	,	go	back	to	south	africa	;	everything	nancie	say	and	do	,	even	-PRON-	careful	hairbrushing	and	-PRON-	energetic	upright	walk	,	-PRON-	positive	brave	way	of	enter	a	room	,	come	out	through	those	malicious	pinpointsthing	-PRON-	say	about	the	misses	perne	and	the	girl	,	thing	-PRON-	whisper	and	laugh	,	little	rhyme	-PRON-	sing	with	-PRON-	unbearable	laugh	.		
khooo	!	"		
say	bevvy	in	-PRON-	most	superior	manner	.	"		
-PRON-	veil	-PRON-	wait	eye	and	feel	-PRON-	radiance	stream	through	-PRON-	,	flood	-PRON-	with	strength	from	head	to	foot	.		
124	.	)		
the	vision	from	the	hilltop	.		
woman	be	heir	of	life	as	well	as	man	...	-PRON-	must	all	give	an	account	of	-PRON-	stewardship	and	be	to	be	possessor	of	life	and	light	and	grace	and	the	gospel	of	christ	,	and	to	labour	in	-PRON-	and	to	keep	-PRON-	liberty	and	freedom	in	-PRON-	as	well	as	the	man	.		
(	c.	j.	,	i.	,	p.		
here	thou	wilt	see	the	mercy	of	god	make	manifest	in	death	.		
whatev	ye	be	addict	to	,	the	tempter	will	come	in	that	thing	;	and	when	-PRON-	can	trouble	-PRON-	then	-PRON-	get	advantage	over	-PRON-	,	and	then	ye	be	go	.		
consecrated	ground	.		
1945	.	)		
beware	of	worldly	entanglements	.		
but	-PRON-	message	unto	-PRON-	be	from	the	lord	that	-PRON-	may	all	come	together	again	and	wait	to	feel	the	lord	's	power	and	spirit	in	-PRON-	to	gather	-PRON-	to	christ	,	and	to	be	teach	of	-PRON-	who	say	,	learn	of	-PRON-	.		
(	works	,	viii	.	,	p.		
what	?		
so	that	none	that	be	raw	or	weak	,	that	be	not	able	to	give	a	testimony	of	the	affair	of	the	church	and	truth	may	go	on	behalf	of	the	particular	meeting	to	the	quarterly	meeting	,	but	may	be	nurse	up	in	-PRON-	monthly	meeting	and	there	fit	for	the	lord	's	service	.		
meeting	days	.		
stand	still	in	that	which	show	and	discover	,	and	there	doth	strength	immediately	come	.		
(	c.	j.	,	i.	,	p.		
(	works	,	iv	.	,	p.		
so	the	son	of	god	within	riseth	through	death	to	destroy	death	in	man	.		
all	friend	to	be	keep	cool	and	quiet	in	the	power	of	the	lord	god	and	all	that	be	contrary	will	be	subject	,	the	lamb	hath	the	victory	,	the	seed	be	the	patience	.		
the	justice	whisper	together	and	bid	the	goaler	take	-PRON-	away	and	so	the	goaler	bring	-PRON-	away	and	almost	all	the	people	follow	-PRON-	out	of	the	court	and	-PRON-	be	a	mighty	day	for	the	truth	.		
and	the	least	member	in	the	church	hath	an	office	and	be	serviceable	and	every	member	hath	need	of	another	.		
discerner	of	spirit	.		
now	concern	those	that	do	go	to	the	quarterly	meeting	as	representative	,	-PRON-	must	be	substantial	friend	that	can	give	a	testimony	of	-PRON-	suffering	and	how	thing	be	amongst	-PRON-	in	every	particular	meeting	.		
for	-PRON-	be	both	meethelp	and	-PRON-	be	both	to	have	dominion	over	all	that	god	make	.		
honour	.		
83	.	)		
in	that	light	which	show	thee	all	this	,	stand	.		
there	be	the	danger	and	there	must	be	the	fear	and	the	patience	.		
when	-PRON-	be	in	prison	,	diverse	professor	come	to	discourse	with	-PRON-	;	and	-PRON-	have	a	sense	,	before	-PRON-	speak	,	that	-PRON-	come	to	plead	for	sin	and	imperfection	.		
for	a	man	that	would	be	great	and	go	beyond	-PRON-	estate	,	lift	-PRON-	up	,	run	into	debt	and	live	highly	of	other	man	's	mean	;	-PRON-	be	a	waster	of	other	man	's	,	and	a	destroyer	.		
218219	.	)		
and	the	priest	say	there	may	be	a	perfection	as	adam	and	a	fall	from	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	say	there	be	a	perfection	in	christ	beyond	adam	and	should	never	fall	;	and	-PRON-	be	the	work	of	the	minister	of	christ	to	present	every	man	perfect	in	christ	and	for	the	perfecting	of	-PRON-	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	gift	from	christ	and	-PRON-	that	deny	perfection	-PRON-	deny	the	work	of	...	(	illegible	)	the	gift	of	christ	who	be	for	that	end	for	the	perfecting	,	broken	.		
96	.	)		
-PRON-	draw	people	unto	the	letter	and	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	be	the	word	and	to	hearken	to	-PRON-	who	speak	-PRON-	vain	imagination	of	-PRON-	.		
(	works	,	vii	.	,	p.		
(	c.	j.	,	vol	.		
18	.	)		
so	if	-PRON-	be	not	subject	with	the	power	in	the	particular	which	would	arise	into	the	strife	,	that	be	dangerous	.		
and	therefore	-PRON-	say	-PRON-	religion	lie	in	such	thing	but	-PRON-	answer	be	,	nay	,	for	though	the	spirit	of	god	lead	into	that	which	be	comely	and	decent	and	from	chamber	and	wantonness	and	from	sporting	and	pastime	and	feasting	as	in	the	day	of	slaughter	and	from	wear	costly	apparel	as	the	apostle	command	and	from	the	world	's	honour	fashion	and	custom	.		
so	if	anyone	have	a	moving	to	any	place	and	have	speak	what	-PRON-	be	move	of	the	lord	,	return	to	-PRON-	habitation	again	and	live	in	the	pure	life	of	god	and	fear	of	the	lord	.		
(	c.	j.	,	i.	,	p.		
concern	to	travel	abroad	.		
none	be	worthy	to	have	the	name	of	a	magistrate	that	be	proud	,	peevish	,	selfish	,	crab	;	or	that	be	wilful	or	wicked	or	that	be	heady	or	highmind	;	for	the	high	power	be	to	chain	such	from	-PRON-	intent	and	mischievous	end	that	-PRON-	would	do	and	wrong	the	innocent	with	-PRON-	unrighteous	intent	;	and	such	as	touching	judgment	be	blind	,	that	be	perverse	and	full	of	ambition	and	pride	,	such	forget	god	and	-PRON-	be	not	in	-PRON-	thought	,	these	feel	not	the	burden	that	the	innocent	bear	and	groan	under	;	for	such	as	be	there	be	in	that	nature	that	burden	the	just	in	particular	and	in	the	general	;	before	whose	eye	the	fear	of	god	be	not	,	who	make	a	prey	upon	the	just	....		
and	now	all	friend	,	all	-PRON-	meeting	,	-PRON-	do	know	that	-PRON-	have	feel	both	-PRON-	power	and	spirit	and	wisdom	and	bless	refreshing	presence	among	-PRON-	and	in	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	praise	and	glory	and	-PRON-	comfort	so	that	-PRON-	have	be	a	city	set	on	a	hill	that	can	not	be	hide	.		
and	the	glory	of	the	lord	do	shine	over	all	.		
i.	,	p.	63	,	from	mss	.	)		
all	such	as	preach	the	light	and	walk	in	darkness	,	and	preach	the	spirit	(	the	fruit	of	which	be	love	and	peace	)	and	be	in	enmity	,	be	never	own	by	god	,	nor	christ	,	nor	good	man	,	though	-PRON-	may	be	call	christians	.		
so	-PRON-	declare	to	the	people	that	-PRON-	come	not	to	hold	up	-PRON-	idol	,	temple	,	tithe	nor	priest	but	to	declare	against	-PRON-	and	open	to	the	people	all	-PRON-	tradition	and	that	piece	of	ground	be	no	more	holy	than	another	piece	of	ground	and	that	-PRON-	should	know	that	-PRON-	body	be	to	be	the	temple	of	god	and	christ	and	so	to	bring	-PRON-	off	all	the	world	's	hireling	teacher	to	christ	-PRON-	free	teacher	and	direct	-PRON-	to	the	spirit	and	grace	,	and	the	light	of	jesus	that	-PRON-	may	know	both	god	and	christ	and	the	scripture	.		
but	o	!		
(	c.	j.	,	i.	,	p.		
(	c.	j.	,	i.	,	p.		
plead	for	unholiness	.		
for	the	fellowship	be	in	the	light	,	and	the	unity	be	in	the	spirit	,	and	that	be	the	bond	of	peace	amongst	people	.		
152	.	)		
possess	the	scripture	.		
relationship	.		
bless	be	-PRON-	name	for	ever	.		
(	works	,	viii	.	,	p.		
39	.	)		
to	all	that	be	in	the	fall	.		
enslaved	races	.		
keep	-PRON-	meeting	in	the	power	of	the	lord	god	...	that	all	uncleanness	whatsoever	may	,	by	the	power	of	the	lord	,	be	bring	down	and	root	out	;	and	that	such	have	no	rule	nor	authority	amongst	-PRON-	,	though	-PRON-	be	never	so	fair	or	excellent	of	speech	.		
burn	a	witch	.		
the	word	.		
193	.	)		
and	take	heed	of	lightness	.		
(	works	,	viii	.	,	p.		
and	so	,	now	-PRON-	that	be	settle	in	those	part	,	who	have	have	a	testimony	from	the	lord	to	bear	to	people	of	the	truth	,	-PRON-	should	spread	abroad	god	's	eternal	truth	;	and	have	meeting	(	as	-PRON-	say	before	)	with	the	indian	king	and	people	;	so	that	all	the	earth	may	come	to	look	unto	the	lord	for	salvation	.		
-PRON-	,	p.	110	,	slightly	condense	.	)		
as	the	light	appear	,	all	appear	that	be	out	of	the	light	;	darkness	,	death	,	temptation	,	the	unrighteous	,	the	ungodly	;	all	be	manifest	and	see	in	the	light	.		
therefore	keep	in	christ	and	walk	in	-PRON-	.		
(	ibid	.	)	oh	therefore	let	not	the	mind	go	forth	from	god	;	for	if	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	will	be	stain	,	venom	and	corrupt	.		
that	which	be	hasty	discern	not	the	good	seed	.		
-PRON-	that	hath	the	son	of	god	-PRON-	hath	life	eternal	;	and	-PRON-	that	have	not	the	son	of	god	let	-PRON-	profess	all	the	scripture	from	genesis	to	revelation	-PRON-	have	not	life	.		
(	works	,	vii	.	,	p.	144	,	condense	.	)		
for	-PRON-	be	a	bad	savour	and	must	be	keep	down	and	be	keep	subject	.		
for	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	have	a	flashy	empty	notion	of	religion	.		
hold	forth	god	's	sword	to	all	people	under	-PRON-	and	not	-PRON-	own	will	....	seek	first	the	kingdom	of	god	that	-PRON-	may	rule	in	-PRON-	own	heart	over	-PRON-	pride	,	over	-PRON-	passion	,	over	lust	,	over	covetousness	,	over	respect	of	person	and	over	all	unrighteousness	.		
(	works	,	viii	.	,	p.		
and	so	when	-PRON-	come	into	the	goaler	's	house	the	goaler	say	,	gentlemen	,	-PRON-	be	all	set	at	liberty	and	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	must	have	-PRON-	fee	,	but	give	-PRON-	what	-PRON-	will	,	which	a	great	service	to	the	truth	-PRON-	be	.		
concern	woman	.		
o	friends	,	do	not	die	from	the	good	through	the	wantonness	of	fleshly	lust	,	neither	be	choke	with	the	care	of	this	life	,	nor	fear	the	shearer	,	neither	let	the	heat	scorch	-PRON-	green	blade	;	but	dwell	under	the	shadow	of	the	almighty	who	will	shade	-PRON-	from	the	heat	and	cold	.		
and	the	elder	woman	in	the	truth	be	not	only	call	elder	,	but	mother	.		
-PRON-	make	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	be	in	japan	,	in	the	picture	of	japan	...	and	somebody	have	say	that	all	good	art	,	all	great	art	,	have	a	sensuous	element	...	-PRON-	be	dreadful	,	but	probably	true	...	because	the	man	have	observe	-PRON-	and	be	not	an	artist	,	but	somebody	look	carefully	on	.		
"	yes	"	announce	miriam	eagerly	come	in	and	close	the	door	,	-PRON-	ear	strain	to	catch	the	placid	word	speak	by	the	woman	as	-PRON-	disappear	softly	into	a	softlylit	room	.		
"	do	tell	-PRON-	about	-PRON-	"	-PRON-	say	with	bold	uneasy	eagerness	hop	-PRON-	would	drop	-PRON-	hand	when	-PRON-	speak	.		
here	in	london	-PRON-	seem	wrong	...	-PRON-	hurry	wearily	with	ache	head	up	the	long	platform	.		
there	be	something	-PRON-	be	not	.		
all	that	have	come	to	an	end	.		
"	borrow	-PRON-	from	harry	.		
"	-PRON-	have	tea	?	"		
there	be	that	.		
-PRON-	brilliant	dark	eye	smile	sharply	at	miss	szigmondy	and	shoot	beyond	-PRON-	towards	miriam	as	-PRON-	stand	aside	hold	the	door	wide	.		
-PRON-	must	have	other	friend	-PRON-	could	turn	to	...	-PRON-	must	know	one	could	not	go	on	.		
"	suppe	,	child	.	"		
then	-PRON-	have	be	asleep	!		
-PRON-	feel	trap	...	"	a	few	moment	of	-PRON-	time	to	advise	-PRON-	"	and	now	half	the	summer	twilight	have	go	and	-PRON-	be	pin	in	this	prison	face	to	face	with	anything	miss	dear	may	choose	to	present	;	force	by	the	presence	audible	in	the	other	cubicle	to	a	continuation	of	-PRON-	triumphant	tearoom	manner	.		
-PRON-	have	never	see	-PRON-	look	so	nice	.		
"	really	miriam	-PRON-	be	rather	wonderful	-PRON-	know	.		
bowl	of	flower	stand	about	.		
be	-PRON-	listen	patiently	like	a	mother	,	or	wife	,	think	of	the	reader	as	well	as	of	what	be	read	,	and	with	-PRON-	own	thought	run	along	independently	,	interested	now	and	again	in	some	single	thing	in	the	narrative	,	something	that	remind	-PRON-	of	some	experience	of	-PRON-	own	or	some	person	-PRON-	know	?		
"	not	really	ill	,	deer	.		
-PRON-	be	not	sure	.		
poetry	!		
-PRON-	be	light	come	through	one	's	eyelid	that	make	that	clear	soft	buff	;	soft	buff	light	filter	through	one	's	body	...	little	sound	,	insect	creep	and	hum	in	the	hedge	,	sound	from	the	grass	.		
-PRON-	begin	with	a	crowded	trainload	of	sick	people	go	down	through	france	on	a	very	hot	day	...	-PRON-	be	simply	stupendous	...	-PRON-	feel	-PRON-	be	in	the	train	,	-PRON-	go	through	-PRON-	all"she	turn	away	and	look	through	the	window	overcome	...	"	and	there	be	a	thing	call	'	la	rêve	'	"	-PRON-	go	on	incoherently	with	a	break	in	-PRON-	voice	"	about	an	embroideress	and	a	man	call	felicienit	's	simply	the	most	lovely	thing	.	"		
"	haddock	do	not	hardly	need	any	cooking	"	say	miss	dear	,	shift	the	fish	about	by	-PRON-	tail	.		
-PRON-	face	when	-PRON-	turn	to	the	cabinet	be	disorder	,	separate	from	the	room	and	from	-PRON-	work	;	a	most	curious	expression	.		
"	there	be	a	lovely	green	picture	"	say	miriam	,	"	at	least	-PRON-	like	-PRON-	.	"		
"	but	be	not	clothe	awful	,	anyhow	?		
"	not	in	the	way	hendie	be	.		
altogether	wrong	.		
there	be	dismay	in	-PRON-	.		
what	a	fine	great	free	voice	....	"	when	shall	-PRON-	meetrefin	and	free	,	amongst	the	moorland	bracken	...	"	if	mr.	hancock	could	have	hear	-PRON-	sing	that	,	surely	-PRON-	heart	must	have	go	out	to	-PRON-	?		
"	-PRON-	be	all	right	"	say	miriam	impatiently	,	find	the	beginning	of	the	first	chapter	.		
in	neither	of	these	office	-PRON-	feel	sure	,	could	-PRON-	hold	-PRON-	ownand	yet	compare	to	-PRON-	own	long	daywhat	freedom	the	girl	hadten	to	five	and	eleven	to	six	and	any	clothe	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	convenient	to	wear	.		
-PRON-	be	see	-PRON-	in	the	new	life	change	...	and	-PRON-	be	not	really	change	.		
one	day	-PRON-	will	know	-PRON-	be	not	imagination	.		
irritatingwhy	do	-PRON-	do	itwhat	be	itnot	a	provincialismsome	kind	of	affectation	as	if	-PRON-	be	on	the	stage	.		
"	fancy	-PRON-	!	"		
miriam	make	-PRON-	excuse	,	plead	an	engagement	and	sit	down	to	the	piano	.		
-PRON-	be	cold	to	the	waist	,	-PRON-	foot	without	feel	on	the	strip	of	linoleum	;	-PRON-	knee	protrude	into	the	window	space	feel	as	if	-PRON-	be	in	cold	water	.		
"	no	,	-PRON-	be	not	go	,	-PRON-	be	just	in	time	.	"		
"	-PRON-	think	so	"	say	miriam	uneasily	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	.		
-PRON-	do	not	look	at	the	thing	-PRON-	be	do	.	"		
-PRON-	indicate	-PRON-	son	with	a	flourish	of	-PRON-	serviette	.		
-PRON-	get	information	at	any	rate	and	then	perhaps	get	free	and	think	-PRON-	own	thought	.		
if	woman	have	be	the	recorder	of	thing	from	the	beginning	-PRON-	would	all	have	be	the	other	way	round	...	mary	.		
-PRON-	be	like	the	man	who	propose	to	the	girl	at	the	dance	because	-PRON-	could	not	think	of	anything	to	say	to	-PRON-	.		
mr.	hancock	raise	the	plaque	in	-PRON-	arm	and	walk	with	-PRON-	to	the	wall	raise	-PRON-	just	above	-PRON-	head	and	hold	-PRON-	in	place	between	the	two	picture	of	devonshire	.		
-PRON-	need	only	to	have	all	the	skylight	open	the	blue	of	the	sky	visible	,	the	thin	spring	air	come	in	,	the	fire	alight	make	a	summery	glow	,	to	be	perfect	;	like	spring	teatime	in	a	newly	visit	house	.		
even	-PRON-	shoulder	look	broad	and	squarer	.		
then	-PRON-	be	over	and	-PRON-	must	go	on	endure	whilst	miss	szigmondy	pay	a	call	;	unable	to	get	free	because	-PRON-	be	be	pay	for	and	could	not	afford	to	go	back	alone	.		
miss	dear	be	peacefully	asleep	lie	on	-PRON-	back	with	-PRON-	head	throw	back	upon	the	pillow	.		
-PRON-	hardly	look	.		
and	look	here	.		
-PRON-	shall	not	leave	until	-PRON-	have	prove	that	no	one	can	put	-PRON-	in	a	false	position	.		
"	mahan	.	"		
how	do	-PRON-	feel	?		
james	's	cheerful	footstep	clack	alongneat	highheel	shoestoward	the	kitchen	.		
nothing	in	future	but	the	letter	,	the	overhauling	of	mr.	hancock	's	empty	surgery	,	the	easy	lunch	with	mr.	leyton	,	and	the	weekend	.		
"	do	-PRON-	like	child	?	"		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	"	well	-PRON-	dear	man	-PRON-	have	get	the	duke	of	argyll	to	keep	-PRON-	company	"	sigh	mr.	wilson	with	a	smother	giggle	,	get	to	-PRON-	foot	.		
"	oh	yes	"	-PRON-	reply	casually	.		
"	would	-PRON-	call	that	treachery	to	the	other	person	?	"		
the	room	be	cold	and	stuffy	.		
really	that	sudden	remark	be	the	result	of	have	fail	to	speak	when	-PRON-	be	all	talk	about	mr.	wilson	.		
there	be	not	a	spot	anywhere	.		
-PRON-	have	only	just	come	.		
-PRON-	room	be	almost	warm	after	the	outside	cold	.		
be	-PRON-	a	rescue	,	or	a	sacrifice	to	the	embarrassing	occasion	?		
and	-PRON-	would	not	have	patience	to	hear	-PRON-	try	to	explain	;	and	by	that	-PRON-	rob	-PRON-	of	the	power	of	try	to	explain	.		
-PRON-	respond	emphatically	....	why	can	not	-PRON-	be	quiet	and	hear	what	-PRON-	have	to	say	?		
either	the	workshop	or	the	surgery	account	must	suffer	.		
-PRON-	pull	a	deep	wicker	chair	close	up	to	the	exciting	white	ashsprinkl	hearth	.		
"	busy	?	"		
how	clever	of	-PRON-	...	deceitful	...	that	little	spark	of	alma	in	-PRON-	must	have	be	deceitful	...	sly	,	at	some	moment	.		
mr.	orly	have	give	a	ghostly	little	chuckle	.		
something	force	-PRON-	back	upon	something	.		
the	second	pair	of	eye	surely	would	not	agree	with	what	mr.	wilson	have	be	say	.		
-PRON-	may	be	quite	right	,	perhaps	-PRON-	be	more	sociable	than	-PRON-	be	.	"		
-PRON-	do	thing	that	have	nothing	to	do	with	-PRON-	circumstance	.		
miriam	fire	and	hesitate	.		
excellent	!		
no	wonder	,	since	-PRON-	be	folly	,	an	endless	play	on	word	.		
