-PRON-	float	with	rainbow	pinion	o'er	the	stream	                      	150	of	life	,	which	flow	,	like	a	...	dream	into	the	light	of	morning	,	to	the	grave	as	to	an	ocean	...	...	what	be	that	joy	which	serene	infancy	perceives	not	,	as	the	hour	content	-PRON-	by	,	                        	155	each	in	a	chain	of	blossom	,	yet	enjoy	the	shape	of	this	new	world	,	in	giant	toy	work	by	the	busy	...	ever	new	?		
...	-PRON-	know	personally	but	little	of	keats	;	but	on	the	news	of	-PRON-	situation	-PRON-	write	to	-PRON-	,	suggest	the	propriety	of	try	the	italian	climate	,	and	invite	-PRON-	to	join	-PRON-	.		
3	.		
[	a	sound	of	wave	be	hear	.	]		
the	lightning	be	-PRON-	slave	;	heaven	's	utmost	deep	give	up	-PRON-	star	,	and	like	a	flock	of	sheep	-PRON-	pass	before	-PRON-	eye	,	be	number	,	and	roll	on	!		
1130	-PRON-	pause	,	and	to	-PRON-	lip	-PRON-	bend	-PRON-	own	:	like	spirit	-PRON-	word	go	through	all	-PRON-	limb	with	the	speed	of	fire	;	and	-PRON-	keen	eye	,	glitter	through	mine	,	fill	-PRON-	with	the	flame	divine	,	                                    	1135	which	in	-PRON-	orb	be	burn	far	,	like	the	light	of	an	unmeasured	star	,	in	the	sky	of	midnight	dark	and	deep	:	yes	,	'	twa	-PRON-	soul	that	do	inspire	sounds	,	which	-PRON-	skill	could	ne'er	awaken	;	                          	1140	and	first	,	-PRON-	feel	-PRON-	finger	sweep	the	harp	,	and	a	long	quivering	cry	burst	from	-PRON-	lip	in	symphony	:	the	dusk	and	solid	air	be	shake	,	as	swift	and	swifter	the	note	come	                                 	1145	from	-PRON-	touch	,	that	wander	like	quick	flame	,	and	from	-PRON-	bosom	,	labour	with	some	unutterable	thing	:	the	awful	sound	of	-PRON-	own	voice	make	-PRON-	faint	lip	tremble	;	in	some	mood	                                 	1150	of	wordless	think	lionel	stand	so	pale	,	that	even	beside	-PRON-	cheek	the	snowy	column	from	-PRON-	shade	caught	whiteness	:	yet	-PRON-	countenance	,	raise	upward	,	burn	with	radiance	                                 	1155	of	spiritpierc	joy	,	whose	light	,	like	the	moon	struggle	through	the	night	of	whirlwindrift	cloud	,	do	break	with	beam	that	may	not	be	confine	.		
-PRON-	be	-PRON-	royal	pleasure	that	-PRON-	,	lord	general	,	bring	the	head	and	body	,	if	separate	-PRON-	would	please	-PRON-	better	,	hither	                       	310	of	queen	iona	.		
note	:	4321	wreathed]writh	.		
the	presumptuous	application	of	the	conclude	line	to	-PRON-	own	composition	will	raise	a	smile	at	the	expense	of	-PRON-	unfortunate	friend	:	be	-PRON-	a	smile	not	of	contempt	,	but	pity	.		
8	.		
what	think	-PRON-	if	-PRON-	seek	-PRON-	out	,	and	bathe	-PRON-	foot	and	robe	with	hot	and	bitter	tear	?		
2	.		
400	let	other	flat	crime	,	where	-PRON-	sit	throne	in	brief	omnipotence	:	secure	be	-PRON-	:	for	justice	,	when	triumphant	,	will	weep	down	pity	,	not	punishment	,	on	-PRON-	own	wrong	,	too	much	avenged	by	those	who	err	.		
-PRON-	have	outsoar	the	shadow	of	-PRON-	night	;	envy	and	calumny	and	hate	and	pain	,	and	that	unrest	which	man	miscall	delight	,	can	touch	-PRON-	not	and	torture	not	again	;	                            	355	from	the	contagion	of	the	world	's	slow	stain	-PRON-	be	secure	,	and	now	can	never	mourn	a	heart	grow	cold	,	a	head	grow	gray	in	vain	;	nor	,	when	the	spirit	's	self	have	cease	to	burn	,	with	sparkless	ash	load	an	unlamented	urn	.		
asia	:	a	spirit	with	a	dreadful	countenance	checks	-PRON-	dark	chariot	by	the	craggy	gulf	.		
715	but	each	man	find	in	-PRON-	heart	's	brother	cold	cheer	;	for	all	,	though	half	deceive	,	the	outwear	creed	again	believe	,	and	the	same	round	anew	begin	,	which	the	weary	world	yet	ever	run	.		
the	ocean	,	and	the	desert	,	and	the	abyss	,	                       	335	and	the	deep	air	's	unmeasured	wilderness	,	answer	from	all	-PRON-	cloud	and	billow	,	echo	after	.		
165	true	greatness	ask	not	space	,	true	excellence	live	in	the	spirit	of	all	thing	that	live	,	which	lend	-PRON-	to	the	world	thou	call	thine	.		
scene	2.4	:	the	cave	of	demogorgon	.		
a	friend	come	to	visit	-PRON-	on	the	day	when	a	fair	be	hold	in	the	square	,	beneath	-PRON-	window	:	shelley	read	to	-PRON-	-PRON-	"	ode	to	liberty	"	;	and	be	riotously	accompany	by	the	grunting	of	a	quantity	of	pig	bring	for	sale	to	the	fair	.		
some	one	come	!		
'	-PRON-	god	may	then	lull	pestilence	to	sleep	:	pile	high	the	pyre	of	expiation	now	,	a	forest	's	spoil	of	bough	,	and	on	the	heap	pour	venomous	gum	,	which	sullenly	and	slow	,	when	touch	by	flame	,	shall	burn	,	and	melt	,	and	flow	,	              	4130	a	stream	of	cling	fire	,	and	fix	on	high	a	net	of	iron	,	and	spread	forth	below	a	couch	of	snake	,	and	scorpion	,	and	the	fry	of	centipede	and	worm	,	earth	's	hellish	progeny	!		
195	for	many	month	have	helen	know	this	scene	;	and	now	-PRON-	thither	turn	-PRON-	footstep	,	not	alone	.		
the	boy	                                                             	85	lift	a	sudden	look	upon	-PRON-	mother	,	and	in	the	gleam	of	force	and	hollow	joy	which	lighten	o'er	-PRON-	face	,	laugh	with	the	glee	of	light	and	unsuspecting	infancy	,	and	whisper	in	-PRON-	ear	,	'	bring	home	with	-PRON-	                      	90	that	sweet	strange	ladyfriend	.	'		
9	.		
panthea	:	look	,	sister	,	where	a	troop	of	spirit	gather	,	like	flock	of	cloud	in	spring	's	delightful	weather	,	               	665	thronging	in	the	blue	air	!		
an	old	sow	[	aside	]	:	a	wretched	lot	jove	have	assign	to	swine	,	squabbling	make	pigherds	hungry	,	and	-PRON-	dine	                    	135	on	bacon	,	and	whip	suckingpigs	the	more	.		
24	.		
the	autumnal	wind	,	as	if	spellbound	,	have	make	a	natural	couch	of	leaf	in	that	recess	,	which	season	none	disturb	,	but	,	in	the	shade	                     	2580	of	flower	parasite	,	do	spring	love	to	dress	with	-PRON-	sweet	bloom	the	wintry	loneliness	of	those	dead	leaf	,	shed	-PRON-	star	,	whene'er	the	wandering	wind	-PRON-	nursling	may	caress	;	whose	intertwine	finger	ever	there	                               	2585	make	music	wild	and	soft	that	fill	the	listen	air	.		
iona	taurina	:	-PRON-	lord	,	-PRON-	be	readynay	,	-PRON-	be	impatient	to	undergo	the	test	.		
sink	with	-PRON-	then	,	                                                  	70	-PRON-	two	will	sink	on	the	wide	wave	of	ruin	,	even	as	a	vulture	and	a	snake	outspent	drop	,	twist	in	inextricable	fight	,	into	a	shoreless	sea	.		
while	still	                        	60	-PRON-	lie	,	as	if	in	dewy	sleep	-PRON-	lie	;	awake	-PRON-	not	!		
the	account	of	the	triumph	of	the	priest	and	the	servile	,	after	the	french	invasion	of	spain	in	1823	,	bear	a	strong	and	frightful	resemblance	to	some	of	the	description	of	the	massacre	of	the	patriot	in	the	"	revolt	of	islam	"	.	)		
-PRON-	will	do	as	little	mischief	as	-PRON-	can	;	that	think	shall	fee	the	accuser	conscience	.		
10	because	-PRON-	be	a	priest	do	-PRON-	believe	-PRON-	image	,	as	the	hunter	some	strike	deer	,	follow	-PRON-	not	whether	-PRON-	wake	or	sleep	?		
beatrice	[	doubtfully	]	:	who	art	thou	,	questioner	?		
535	with	woe	,	which	never	sleep	or	sleep	,	-PRON-	wander	now	.		
as	if	-PRON-	do	not	always	toast	a	piece	of	cheese	and	bait	the	trap	?		
thou	harmony	of	nature	's	art	!		
-PRON-	have	also	dim	recollection	of	pedlar	tramp	on	-PRON-	round	;	milkpan	and	pail	;	and	odd	collection	                            	430	of	saw	,	and	proverb	;	and	reflection	old	parson	make	in	buryingground	.		
fragment	1	.		
go	!		
chorus	of	hours	:	break	the	dance	,	and	scatter	the	song	;	let	some	depart	,	and	some	remain	;	                                   	160	semichorus	1	:	-PRON-	,	beyond	heaven	,	be	drive	along	:	semichorus	2	:	-PRON-	the	enchantment	of	earth	retain	:	semichorus	1	:	ceaseless	,	and	rapid	,	and	fierce	,	and	free	,	with	the	spirit	which	build	a	new	earth	and	sea	,	and	a	heaven	where	yet	heaven	could	never	be	;	                       	165	semichorus	2	:	solemn	,	and	slow	,	and	serene	,	and	bright	,	lead	the	day	and	outspeed	the	night	,	with	the	power	of	a	world	of	perfect	light	;	semichorus	1	:	-PRON-	whirl	,	sing	loud	,	round	the	gathering	sphere	,	till	the	tree	,	and	the	beast	,	and	the	cloud	appear	               	170	from	-PRON-	chaos	make	calm	by	love	,	not	fear	.		
murder	!		
there	be	a	power	,	a	love	,	a	joy	,	a	god	which	make	in	mortal	heart	-PRON-	brief	abode	,	                       	135	a	pythian	exhalation	,	which	inspire	love	,	only	lovea	wind	which	o'er	the	wire	of	the	soul	's	giant	harp	there	be	a	mood	which	language	faint	beneath	;	-PRON-	feel	-PRON-	stride	,	as	almighty	death	                             	140	-PRON-	bloodless	ste	...	...	and	what	be	that	most	brief	and	bright	delight	which	rush	through	the	touch	and	through	the	sight	,	and	stand	before	the	spirit	's	inmost	throne	,	a	naked	seraph	?		
'	twa	morn	.	at	noon	the	public	crier	go	forth	,	proclaim	through	the	living	and	the	dead	,	'	the	monarch	saith	,	that	-PRON-	great	empire	's	worth	                   	4155	be	set	on	laon	and	laone	's	head	:	-PRON-	who	but	one	yet	live	here	can	lead	,	or	who	the	life	from	both	-PRON-	heart	can	wring	,	shall	be	the	kingdom	's	heira	glorious	meed	!		
-PRON-	pray	thee	,	god	,	send	some	quick	death	upon	-PRON-	!		
-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	of	-PRON-	suffering	and	-PRON-	madness	,	and	how	,	awaken	from	that	dreamy	mood	                             	2840	by	liberty	's	uprise	,	the	strength	of	gladness	come	to	-PRON-	spirit	in	-PRON-	solitude	;	and	all	that	now	-PRON-	waswhile	tear	pursue	each	other	down	-PRON-	fair	and	listen	cheek	fast	as	the	thought	which	feed	-PRON-	,	like	a	flood	                   	2845	from	sunbright	dale	;	and	when	-PRON-	cease	to	speak	,	-PRON-	accent	soft	and	sweet	the	pause	air	do	wake	.		
bernardo	:	alas	!		
jupiter	:	detested	prodigy	!		
one	single	point	in	-PRON-	belief	from	-PRON-	organization	spring	,	                                       	570	the	heartenrooted	faith	,	the	chief	ear	in	-PRON-	doctrine	'	blight	sheaf	,	that	'	happiness	be	wrong	'	;	24	.		
145	beatrice	:	retire	thou	,	impious	man	!		
-PRON-	shall	become	the	same	,	-PRON-	shall	be	one	spirit	within	two	frame	,	oh	!		
8	.		
-PRON-	fear	-PRON-	be	pursue	                                  	3210	by	wicked	ghost	;	a	phantom	of	the	dead	,	the	night	before	-PRON-	sail	,	come	to	-PRON-	bed	in	dream	,	like	that	!	"		
47	.	who	mourn	for	adonais	?		
3450	29	.		
no	green	bags	!	!		
ask	,	and	-PRON-	must	reply	:	so	the	revenge	                            	215	of	the	supreme	may	sweep	through	vacant	shade	,	as	rainy	wind	through	the	abandon	gate	of	a	fallen	palace	.		
chorus	of	greek	captive	women	.		
but	more	-PRON-	loathe	and	hat	the	clear	light	of	wisdom	and	free	thought	,	and	more	do	fear	,	lest	,	kindle	once	,	-PRON-	beam	may	pierce	the	night	,	even	where	-PRON-	idol	stand	;	for	,	far	and	near	do	many	a	heart	in	europe	leap	to	hear	                             	4085	that	faith	and	tyranny	be	trample	down	;	many	a	pale	victim	,	doom	for	truth	to	share	the	murderer	's	cell	,	or	see	,	with	helpless	groan	,	the	priest	-PRON-	child	drag	for	slave	to	serve	-PRON-	own	.		
4445	-PRON-	grant	thy	boon	.	'		
chorus	of	priests	,	accompanied	by	the	court	porkman	on	marrowbones	and	cleaver	:	goddess	bare	,	and	gaunt	,	and	pale	,	empress	of	the	world	,	all	hail	!		
beatrice	:	o	thou	who	tremblest	on	the	giddy	verge	                             	115	of	life	and	death	,	pause	ere	thou	answer	-PRON-	;	so	mayst	thou	answer	god	with	less	dismay	:	what	evil	have	-PRON-	do	thee	?		
the	slight	pain	which	ye	may	suffer	,	there	be	eye	to	weep	,	but	ye	have	quench	themthere	be	smile	to	steep	               	1805	-PRON-	heart	in	balm	,	but	-PRON-	be	lose	in	woe	;	and	those	whom	love	do	set	-PRON-	watch	to	keep	around	-PRON-	tent	,	truth	's	freedom	to	bestow	,	ye	stab	as	-PRON-	do	sleepbut	-PRON-	forgive	ye	now	.		
1	.		
in	other	respect	,	-PRON-	have	write	more	carelessly	;	that	is	,	without	an	overfastidious	and	learn	choice	of	word	.		
-PRON-	purpose	have	hitherto	be	simply	to	familiarise	the	highly	refined	imagination	of	the	more	select	class	of	poetical	reader	with	beautiful	idealism	of	moral	excellence	;	aware	that	until	the	mind	can	love	,	and	admire	,	and	trust	,	and	hope	,	and	endure	,	reason	principle	of	moral	conduct	be	seed	cast	upon	the	highway	of	life	which	the	unconscious	passenger	trample	into	dust	,	although	-PRON-	would	bear	the	harvest	of	-PRON-	happiness	.		
-PRON-	be	make	one	with	nature	:	there	be	hear	                          	370	-PRON-	voice	in	all	-PRON-	music	,	from	the	moan	of	thunder	,	to	the	song	of	night	's	sweet	bird	;	-PRON-	be	a	presence	to	be	feel	and	know	in	darkness	and	in	light	,	from	herb	and	stone	,	spread	-PRON-	where'er	that	power	may	move	                       	375	which	have	withdraw	-PRON-	being	to	-PRON-	own	;	which	wield	the	world	with	neverweari	love	,	sustain	-PRON-	from	beneath	,	and	kindle	-PRON-	above	.		
olimpio	:	how	feel	-PRON-	to	this	work	?		
beatrice	:	even	whilst	that	doubt	be	pass	through	-PRON-	mind	,	the	world	be	conscious	of	a	change	.		
giacomo	:	-PRON-	friend	,	that	palacewalk	devil	gold	have	whisper	silence	to	-PRON-	holiness	:	and	-PRON-	be	leave	,	as	scorpion	ring	with	fire	.		
while	on	-PRON-	hearth	lie	blaze	many	a	piece	of	sandal	wood	,	rare	gum	,	and	cinnamon	;	man	scarcely	know	how	beautiful	fire	be	each	flame	of	-PRON-	be	as	a	precious	stone	                             	260	dissolve	in	evermov	light	,	and	this	belongs	to	each	and	all	who	gaze	upon	.		
by	thy	dread	self	,	o	famine	!		
-PRON-	may	man	's	deep	and	searchless	heart	display	,	and	cast	a	light	on	those	dim	labyrinth	,	where	                     	4205	hope	,	near	imagined	chasm	,	be	struggle	with	despair	.		
through	the	gray	,	void	abysm	,	down	,	down	!		
-PRON-	pity	the	count	cenci	from	-PRON-	heart	;	                               	35	-PRON-	outraged	love	perhaps	awaken	hate	,	and	thus	-PRON-	be	exasperate	to	ill	.		
when	-PRON-	arrive	at	fusina	,	-PRON-	find	that	-PRON-	have	forget	-PRON-	passport	,	and	the	soldier	on	duty	attempt	to	prevent	-PRON-	crossing	the	laguna	;	but	-PRON-	could	not	resist	shelley	's	impetuosity	at	such	a	moment	.		
speak	to	-PRON-	,	unlock	those	pallid	hand	whose	finger	twine	with	one	another	.		
-PRON-	own	hand	have	build	an	home	,	even	for	yourself	on	a	beloved	shore	:	for	some	,	fond	eye	be	pin	till	-PRON-	come	,	how	-PRON-	will	greet	-PRON-	when	-PRON-	toil	be	o'er	,	and	laugh	babe	rush	from	the	wellknown	door	!		
all	inndoor	and	window	                                           	230	be	open	to	-PRON-	:	-PRON-	see	all	that	sin	do	,	which	lamp	hardly	see	that	burn	in	the	night	by	the	curtained	bed	,	the	impudent	lamp	!		
-PRON-	send	-PRON-	a	translation	of	the	italian	manuscript	on	which	-PRON-	play	be	found	;	the	chief	circumstance	of	which	-PRON-	have	touch	very	delicately	;	for	-PRON-	principal	doubt	as	to	whether	-PRON-	would	succeed	as	an	acting	play	hang	entirely	on	the	question	as	to	whether	any	such	a	thing	as	incest	in	this	shape	,	however	treat	,	would	be	admit	on	the	stage	.		
mammon	:	-PRON-	wonder	that	gray	wizard	                                          	340	like	-PRON-	should	be	so	beardless	in	-PRON-	scheme	;	-PRON-	have	be	but	a	point	of	policy	to	keep	iona	and	the	swine	apart	.		
could	hardly	appear	sufficient	for	so	long	a	journey	.		
this	superior	cleanliness	be	chiefly	produce	by	the	difference	of	religion	:	traveller	in	germany	remark	the	same	contrast	between	the	protestant	and	catholic	town	,	although	-PRON-	be	but	a	few	league	separate	.		
the	direction	of	this	lake	extend	at	first	from	east	to	west	,	then	turn	a	right	angle	,	-PRON-	lie	from	north	to	south	;	this	latter	part	be	distinguish	in	name	from	the	other	,	and	be	call	the	lake	of	uri	.		
to	the	warm	sunshine	and	to	the	humming	of	sunloving	insect	.		
the	peasant	of	switzerland	may	not	however	emulate	the	vivacity	and	grace	of	the	french	.		
-PRON-	see	again	,	and	for	the	last	time	,	the	rocky	shore	of	this	beautiful	lake	,	-PRON-	verdant	isl	,	and	snowcapt	mountain	.		
leave	hermance	,	-PRON-	arrive	at	sunset	at	the	village	of	nerni	.		
the	place	where	the	rhone	join	the	lake	be	mark	by	a	line	of	tremendous	breaker	;	the	river	be	as	rapid	as	when	-PRON-	leave	the	lake	,	but	be	muddy	and	dark	.		
as	-PRON-	prepare	-PRON-	dinner	in	a	place	,	so	filthy	that	the	sight	of	-PRON-	alone	be	sufficient	to	destroy	-PRON-	appetite	,	the	people	of	the	village	collect	around	-PRON-	,	squalid	with	dirt	,	-PRON-	countenance	express	every	thing	that	be	disgusting	and	brutal	.		
bonneville	be	a	neat	little	town	,	with	no	conspicuous	peculiarity	,	except	the	white	tower	of	the	prison	,	an	extensive	building	overlook	the	town	.		
the	scene	,	at	the	distance	of	half	a	mile	from	cluses	,	differ	from	that	of	matlock	in	little	else	than	in	the	immensity	of	-PRON-	proportion	,	and	in	-PRON-	untameable	,	inaccessible	solitude	,	inhabit	only	by	the	goat	which	-PRON-	see	browse	on	the	rock	.		
pinnacle	of	snow	intolerably	bright	,	part	of	the	chain	connect	with	mont	blanc	,	shine	through	the	cloud	at	interval	on	high	.		
the	cabin	of	montanvert	be	three	league	from	chamouni	,	half	of	which	distance	be	perform	on	mule	,	not	so	sure	footed	,	but	that	on	the	first	day	the	one	which	-PRON-	ride	fall	in	what	the	guide	call	a	mauvais	pas	,	so	that	-PRON-	narrowly	escape	be	precipitate	down	the	mountain	.		
after	wind	through	the	valley	,	-PRON-	begin	to	ascend	the	mountain	which	be	-PRON-	boundary	:	-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	voiture	,	and	walk	on	,	delight	with	every	new	view	that	break	upon	-PRON-	.		
across	one	of	these	arch	be	a	beam	,	now	black	and	rotten	,	on	which	prisoner	be	hang	in	secret	.		
the	high	mountain	encompass	-PRON-	,	darken	the	water	;	at	a	distance	on	the	shore	of	uri	-PRON-	could	perceive	the	chapel	of	tell	,	and	this	be	the	village	where	-PRON-	mature	the	conspiracy	which	be	to	overthrow	the	tyrant	of	-PRON-	country	;	and	indeed	this	lovely	lake	,	these	sublime	mountain	,	and	wild	forest	,	seem	a	fit	cradle	for	a	mind	aspire	to	high	adventure	and	heroic	deed	.		
the	scene	assume	here	a	more	savage	and	colossal	character	;	the	valley	become	narrow	,	afford	no	more	space	than	be	sufficient	for	the	river	and	the	road	.		
-PRON-	ascend	,	wind	between	mountain	whose	immensity	stagger	the	imagination	.		
when	-PRON-	approach	near	to	-PRON-	,	the	rain	of	the	spray	reach	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	clothe	be	wet	by	the	quickfall	but	minute	particle	of	water	.		
one	date	be	as	ancient	as	1670	.		
-PRON-	now	inhabit	a	little	cottage	on	the	opposite	shore	of	the	lake	,	and	have	exchange	the	view	of	mont	blanc	and	-PRON-	snowy	aiguille	for	the	dark	frown	jura	,	behind	whose	range	-PRON-	every	evening	see	the	sun	sink	,	and	darkness	approach	-PRON-	valley	from	behind	the	alps	,	which	be	then	ting	by	that	glow	roselike	hue	which	be	observe	in	england	to	attend	on	the	cloud	of	an	autumnal	sky	when	daylight	be	almost	go	.		
through	some	delay	,	which	have	arise	from	the	ship	have	get	aground	in	the	harbour	,	-PRON-	arrive	half	an	hour	after	the	appoint	time	.		
the	theme	of	-PRON-	ballad	consist	of	shepherd	,	love	,	flock	,	and	the	son	of	king	who	fall	in	love	with	beautiful	shepherdess	.		
-PRON-	gather	rose	on	the	terrace	,	in	the	feeling	that	-PRON-	may	be	the	posterity	of	some	plant	by	julia	's	hand	.		
switzerland	.		
the	lake	be	at	-PRON-	foot	,	and	a	little	harbour	contain	-PRON-	boat	,	in	which	-PRON-	still	enjoy	-PRON-	evening	excursion	on	the	water	.		
which	-PRON-	possess	,	be	all	the	money	that	-PRON-	could	count	upon	with	any	certainty	,	until	the	following	december	.		
why	do	the	cold	maxim	of	the	world	compel	-PRON-	at	this	moment	to	repress	the	tear	of	melancholy	transport	which	-PRON-	would	have	be	so	sweet	to	indulge	,	immeasurably	,	even	until	the	darkness	of	night	have	swallow	up	the	object	which	excite	-PRON-	?		
-PRON-	countenance	be	beautiful	for	the	expression	with	which	-PRON-	overflow	.		
-PRON-	be	create	indeed	by	one	mind	,	but	a	mind	so	powerfully	bright	as	to	cast	a	shade	of	falsehood	on	the	record	that	be	call	reality	.		
on	quit	the	wall	,	the	road	wind	underneath	a	high	precipice	;	on	the	other	side	the	hill	rise	more	gradually	,	and	the	green	valley	that	intervene	between	-PRON-	be	water	by	a	pleasant	river	;	before	-PRON-	arise	an	amphitheatre	of	hill	cover	with	vine	,	but	irregular	and	rocky	.		
-PRON-	be	travel	along	the	valley	,	when	suddenly	-PRON-	hear	a	sound	as	of	the	burst	of	smother	thunder	roll	above	;	yet	there	be	something	earthly	in	the	sound	,	that	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	could	not	be	thunder	.		
before	-PRON-	sleep	,	-PRON-	secure	place	in	the	diligence	,	which	be	to	depart	next	morning	for	clêf	.		
one	have	fall	the	precede	day	,	a	little	time	after	-PRON-	have	return	:	-PRON-	guide	desire	-PRON-	to	pass	quickly	,	for	-PRON-	be	say	that	sometimes	the	least	sound	will	accelerate	-PRON-	descent	.		
m.	                              	letter	iii	.		
the	river	be	rapid	,	and	speed	swiftly	,	break	as	-PRON-	pass	on	innumerable	rock	just	cover	by	the	water	:	-PRON-	be	a	sight	of	some	dread	to	see	-PRON-	frail	boat	wind	among	the	eddy	of	the	rock	,	which	-PRON-	be	death	to	touch	,	and	when	the	slight	inclination	on	one	side	would	instantly	have	overset	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	see	on	the	shore	few	object	that	call	forth	-PRON-	attention	,	if	-PRON-	except	the	town	of	manheim	,	which	be	strikingly	neat	and	clean	.		
-PRON-	pass	through	the	champain	country	,	which	extend	from	mont	salève	to	the	base	of	the	high	alps	.		
-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	have	just	escape	from	the	gloom	of	winter	and	of	london	;	and	come	to	this	delightful	spot	during	this	divine	weather	,	-PRON-	feel	as	happy	as	a	newfledged	bird	,	and	hardly	care	what	twig	-PRON-	fly	to	,	so	that	-PRON-	may	try	-PRON-	newfound	wing	.		
the	road	lie	over	a	desart	plain	,	and	as	night	advance	-PRON-	be	often	in	danger	of	lose	the	track	of	wheel	,	which	be	-PRON-	only	guide	.		
-PRON-	should	soon	be	reduce	to	absolute	want	.		
gentlemens	'	seat	be	scatter	over	these	bank	,	behind	which	rise	the	various	ridge	of	black	mountain	,	and	tower	far	above	,	in	the	midst	of	-PRON-	snowy	alps	,	the	majestic	mont	blanc	,	high	and	queen	of	all	.		
but	there	be	no	other	alternative	,	and	indeed	s	*	*	*	only	know	how	very	little	-PRON-	have	to	depend	upon	.		
-PRON-	have	not	proceed	far	before	the	rain	begin	to	fall	,	but	-PRON-	persist	until	-PRON-	have	accomplish	more	than	half	of	-PRON-	journey	,	when	-PRON-	return	,	wet	through	.		
one	winter	night	an	avalanche	overwhelm	-PRON-	,	but	-PRON-	plaintive	voice	be	still	hear	in	stormy	night	,	call	for	succour	from	the	peasant	.		
waterfall	echo	from	the	cliff	,	and	shine	afar	.		
probably	the	village	derive	-PRON-	name	from	this	production	.		
water	conveyance	be	always	the	cheap	,	and	fortunately	-PRON-	be	so	situate	,	that	by	take	advantage	of	the	river	of	the	reuss	and	rhine	,	-PRON-	could	reach	england	without	travel	a	league	on	land	.		
-PRON-	never	feel	more	strongly	than	on	landing	at	clarens	,	that	the	spirit	of	old	time	have	desert	-PRON-	once	cherished	habitation	.		
about	nine	o'clock	-PRON-	depart	.		
nature	be	the	poet	,	whose	harmony	hold	-PRON-	spirit	more	breathless	than	that	of	the	divinest	.		
letter	i.	                                              	hôtel	de	secheron	,	geneva	,	                                                    	may	17	,	1816	.		
-PRON-	feeling	would	have	be	less	painful	have	-PRON-	be	alone	;	but	-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	companion	would	have	attempt	to	save	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	be	overcome	with	humiliation	,	when	-PRON-	think	that	-PRON-	life	may	have	be	risk	to	preserve	mine	.		
-PRON-	have	lately	recover	from	a	fever	,	and	this	add	to	the	interest	of	-PRON-	countenance	,	by	adorn	-PRON-	with	an	appearance	of	extreme	delicacy	.		
-PRON-	arrive	however	safe	at	mellerie	,	after	pass	with	great	speed	mighty	forest	which	overhang	the	lake	,	and	lawn	of	exquisite	verdure	,	and	mountain	with	bare	and	icy	point	,	which	rise	immediately	from	the	summit	of	the	rock	,	whose	base	be	echo	to	the	wave	.		
-PRON-	be	evening	,	and	the	laden	cloud	make	the	darkness	almost	as	deep	as	that	of	midnight	;	but	in	the	west	an	unusually	brilliant	and	fiery	redness	occupy	an	opening	in	the	vapour	,	and	add	to	the	interest	of	-PRON-	little	expedition	:	the	cottage	light	be	reflect	in	the	tranquil	river	,	and	the	dark	hill	behind	,	dimly	see	,	resemble	vast	and	frown	mountain	.		
these	prison	be	excavate	below	the	lake	;	the	principal	dungeon	be	support	by	seven	column	,	whose	branch	capital	support	the	roof	.		
nothing	could	be	more	barren	and	wretched	than	the	track	through	which	-PRON-	now	pass	;	the	ground	be	chalky	and	uncover	even	by	grass	,	and	where	there	have	be	any	attempt	make	towards	cultivation	,	the	straggle	ear	of	corn	discover	more	plainly	the	barren	nature	of	the	soil	.		
after	have	travel	for	two	day	through	a	country	perfectly	without	interest	,	-PRON-	be	a	delicious	relief	for	the	eye	to	dwell	again	on	some	irregularity	and	beauty	of	country	.		
from	the	window	of	-PRON-	hotel	-PRON-	see	the	lovely	lake	,	blue	as	the	heaven	which	-PRON-	reflect	,	and	sparkle	with	golden	beam	.		
this	approach	to	mountain	scenery	fill	-PRON-	with	delight	;	-PRON-	be	otherwise	with	-PRON-	voituri	:	-PRON-	come	from	the	plain	of	troyes	,	and	these	hill	so	utterly	scar	-PRON-	,	that	-PRON-	in	some	degree	lose	-PRON-	reason	.		
-PRON-	companion	give	-PRON-	a	piece	of	money	,	which	-PRON-	take	without	speak	,	with	a	sweet	smile	of	easy	thankfulness	,	and	then	with	an	unembarrassed	air	turn	to	-PRON-	play	.		
-PRON-	would	not	have	be	surprised	if	-PRON-	have	talk	of	the	burn	sun	and	delicious	fruit	of	december	,	or	of	the	frost	of	july	.		
the	water	of	the	rhone	be	blue	,	those	of	the	reuss	be	of	a	deep	green	.		
-PRON-	remain	at	the	inn	writing	,	while	s	*	*	*	and	c	*	*	*	arrange	this	bargain	and	visit	the	cathedral	of	the	town	;	and	the	next	morning	-PRON-	depart	in	-PRON-	voiture	for	neufchâtel	.		
-PRON-	feel	in	this	near	prospect	of	death	a	mixture	of	sensation	,	among	which	terror	enter	,	though	but	subordinately	.		
-PRON-	strike	the	head	of	the	visionary	image	,	and	gracefully	divide	there	,	fall	from	-PRON-	in	fold	of	foam	more	like	to	cloud	than	water	,	imitate	a	veil	of	the	most	exquisite	woof	.		
the	mountain	of	this	beautiful	ravine	be	so	little	asunder	,	that	in	time	of	war	with	france	an	iron	chain	be	throw	across	-PRON-	.		
this	conveyance	appear	much	more	like	a	mercantile	english	affair	than	any	-PRON-	have	before	see	;	-PRON-	be	shape	like	a	steamboat	,	with	a	cabin	and	a	high	deck	.		
have	form	this	resolution	,	-PRON-	have	not	a	moment	for	delay	:	-PRON-	little	store	be	sensibly	decrease	,	and	£	28	.		
chamouni	,	july	25th	.		
s	*	*	*	's	ancle	have	become	very	painful	,	but	-PRON-	could	procure	no	conveyance	,	and	as	the	sun	be	nearly	set	,	-PRON-	be	oblige	to	hasten	on	.		
the	wall	be	immensely	solid	,	and	the	stone	of	which	-PRON-	be	build	so	hard	,	that	-PRON-	yet	retain	the	mark	of	chisel	.		
-PRON-	have	not	yet	find	out	any	very	agreeable	walk	,	but	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	attachment	to	water	excursion	.		
many	village	,	ruin	by	the	war	,	occupy	the	most	romantic	spot	.		
-PRON-	be	situate	at	about	a	mile	from	the	river	,	and	the	road	to	-PRON-	be	plant	on	each	side	with	beautiful	acacia	.		
the	last	gate	of	the	town	be	cut	through	the	precipitous	rock	that	arise	on	one	side	,	and	in	that	place	jut	into	the	road	.		
-PRON-	din	at	servoz	,	a	little	village	,	where	there	be	lead	and	copper	mine	,	and	where	-PRON-	see	a	cabinet	of	natural	curiosity	,	like	those	of	keswick	and	bethgelert	.		
there	be	only	four	passenger	besides	-PRON-	,	three	of	these	be	student	of	the	strasburgh	university	:	schwitz	,	a	rather	handsome	,	good	temper	young	man	;	hoff	,	a	kind	of	shapeless	animal	,	with	a	heavy	,	ugly	,	german	face	;	and	schneider	,	who	be	nearly	an	ideot	,	and	on	whom	-PRON-	companion	be	always	play	a	thousand	trick	:	the	remain	passenger	be	a	woman	,	and	an	infant	.		
-PRON-	pass	over	a	hollow	cover	with	snow	,	down	which	vast	stone	be	accustom	to	roll	.		
-PRON-	remain	the	following	day	at	this	town	,	occupy	in	a	consideration	of	the	step	-PRON-	would	now	be	advisable	for	-PRON-	to	take	.		
-PRON-	give	-PRON-	new	strength	to	proceed	;	but	-PRON-	be	a	wretched	place	,	and	afford	-PRON-	but	little	relief	.		
as	-PRON-	leave	vandeuvres	the	aspect	of	the	country	suddenly	change	;	abrupt	hill	,	cover	with	vineyard	,	intermix	with	tree	,	enclose	a	narrow	valley	,	the	channel	of	the	aube	.		
the	giant	's	steel	club	rebound	from	-PRON-	body	;	the	executioner	's	hand	could	not	strangle	-PRON-	,	the	tiger	's	tooth	could	not	pierce	-PRON-	,	nor	would	the	hungry	lion	in	the	circus	devour	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	hear	music	on	the	zephyr	's	wing	,	                            	10	louder	-PRON-	float	along	the	unruffled	sky	;	some	fairy	sure	have	touch	the	viewless	string	now	faint	in	distant	air	the	murmur	die	.		
37	to	those	on	earth	that	live	esdaile	manuscript	;	omit	,	1870	.		
17	.	call	,	(	4	)	.		
171173	:	no	atom	of	this	turbulence	fulfil	a	vague	and	unnecessitated	task	,	or	act	but	as	-PRON-	must	and	ought	to	act	.		
april	30	,	1810	.		
*	*	*	sonnet	.		
repent	and	save	.	'		
hist	"	.		
8	.		
note	:	4.st	.		
an	able	sow	,	with	old	baubo	upon	-PRON-	,	be	worthy	of	glory	,	and	worthy	of	honour	!		
unfold	the	brood	pinion	of	thy	gloom	,	render	thou	up	thy	halfdevour	babe	,	                             	5	and	from	the	cradle	of	eternity	,	where	million	lie	lull	to	-PRON-	portion	sleep	by	the	deep	murmuring	stream	of	pass	thing	,	tear	thou	that	gloomy	shroud	.	spirit	,	behold	thy	glorious	destiny	!	'		
so	the	bodleian	manuscript	,	anticipate	by	woodberry	(	1893	)	.		
6	.		
may	never	decay	.		
and	laugh	,	in	joy	,	the	fiendish	throng	,	mixed	with	ghost	of	the	moulder	dead	:	and	-PRON-	grisly	wing	,	as	-PRON-	float	along	,	whistle	in	murmur	dread	.		
160	'	o	spirit	!		
1	,	1822	;	in	full	,	by	mrs.	shelley	,	"	posthumous	poems	"	,	1824	.	]		
be	a	question	just	as	common	as	,	do	-PRON-	think	this	lever	have	the	power	of	raise	this	weight	?		
-PRON-	degree	of	conviction	must	certainly	be	very	strong	:	-PRON-	can	not	arise	from	reasoning	,	-PRON-	must	from	feeling	,	the	reward	of	-PRON-	prayer	.		
2	.		
lelio	,	floro	,	be	-PRON-	enough	that	cyprian	stand	between	-PRON-	,	although	unarmed	.		
18	.		
hark	!		
some	a	living	require	,	and	other	desire	an	old	fellow	out	of	the	way	;	                                       	15	and	which	be	the	good	-PRON-	leave	to	be	guess	,	for	-PRON-	can	not	pretend	to	say	.		
which	dwell	in	lake	,	when	the	red	moon	on	high	pause	ere	-PRON-	waken	tempest	;	(	7	22	6	,	7	.	)		
-PRON-	cohabit	with	poisonous	snake	,	and	pinch	the	red	crest	of	the	dragon	.	the	serpent	sting	,	but	could	not	destroy	-PRON-	.		
and	now	cold	charity	's	unwelcome	dole	be	insufficient	to	support	the	pair	;	and	-PRON-	would	perish	rather	than	would	bear	the	law	's	stern	slavery	,	and	the	insolent	stare	                     	75	with	which	law	love	to	rend	the	poor	man	's	soul	the	bitter	scorn	,	the	spiritsinking	noise	of	heartless	mirth	which	woman	,	man	,	and	boy	wake	in	this	scene	of	legal	misery	.		
cyprian	:	as	in	contempt	of	the	elemental	rage	a	man	come	forth	in	safety	,	while	the	ship	's	                       	65	great	form	be	in	a	watery	eclipse	obliterate	from	the	oceans	page	,	and	round	-PRON-	wreck	the	huge	seamonster	sit	,	a	horrid	conclave	,	and	the	whistle	wave	be	heap	over	-PRON-	carcase	,	like	a	grave	.		
woman	,	for	no	other	crime	than	have	follow	the	dictate	of	a	natural	appetite	,	be	drive	with	fury	from	the	comfort	and	sympathy	of	society	.		
wherefore	hast	thou	make	in	mockery	and	wrath	this	evil	earth	?		
-PRON-	will	tell	thee	a	part	of	the	thought	that	start	to	be	when	thou	art	nigh	;	and	thy	beauty	,	more	bright	                                         	10	than	the	star	'	soft	light	,	shall	seem	as	a	weft	from	the	sky	.		
then	thou	becam'st	,	a	boy	,	more	daring	in	thy	frenzy	:	every	shape	,	                           	80	monstrous	or	vast	,	or	beautifully	wild	,	which	,	from	sensation	's	relic	,	fancy	cull	the	spirit	of	the	air	,	the	shuddering	ghost	,	the	genii	of	the	element	,	the	power	that	give	a	shape	to	nature	's	varied	work	,	                         	85	have	life	and	place	in	the	corrupt	belief	of	thy	blind	heart	:	yet	still	thy	youthful	hand	be	pure	of	human	blood	.		
must	-PRON-	punishment	be	endless	?		
-PRON-	be	mad	with	joy	at	-PRON-	device	.		
water	of	pure	hue	on	earth	,	would	appear	turbid	and	impure	compare	with	this	,	whose	unconceal	dew	,	                         	30	dark	,	dark	,	yet	clear	,	move	under	the	obscure	eternal	shade	,	whose	interwoven	loom	the	ray	of	moon	or	sunlight	ne'er	endure	.		
'	oh	!		
the	word	liberty	,	as	apply	to	mind	,	be	analogous	to	the	word	chance	as	apply	to	matter	:	-PRON-	spring	from	an	ignorance	of	the	certainty	of	the	conjunction	of	antecedent	and	consequent	.		
when	a	proposition	be	offer	to	the	mind	,	-PRON-	perceive	the	agreement	or	disagreement	of	the	idea	of	which	-PRON-	be	compose	.		
let	the	advocate	of	animal	food	force	-PRON-	to	a	decisive	experiment	on	-PRON-	fitness	,	and	,	as	plutarch	recommend	,	tear	a	live	lamb	with	-PRON-	tooth	,	and	plunge	-PRON-	head	into	-PRON-	vital	slake	-PRON-	thirst	with	the	steam	blood	;	when	fresh	from	the	deed	of	horror	,	let	-PRON-	revert	to	the	irresistible	instinct	of	nature	that	would	rise	in	judgement	against	-PRON-	,	and	say	,	'	nature	form	-PRON-	for	such	work	as	this	.	'		
silenus	:	babai	!		
june	,	1810	.		
and	if	any	soft	passion	be	near	,	which	mortal	,	frail	mortal	,	can	know	,	let	love	shed	on	the	bosom	a	tear	,	                                  	80	and	dissolve	the	chill	icedrop	of	woe	.		
julian	and	maddalo	.		
awhile	thou	stoodst	baffled	and	gloomy	;	then	thou	didst	sum	up	the	element	of	all	that	thou	didst	know	;	                           	95	the	change	season	,	winter	's	leafless	reign	,	the	budding	of	the	heavenbreathing	tree	,	the	eternal	orbs	that	beautify	the	night	,	the	sunrise	,	and	the	setting	of	the	moon	,	earthquake	and	war	,	and	poison	and	disease	,	                      	100	and	all	-PRON-	cause	,	to	an	abstract	point	converging	,	thou	didst	bend	and	call	-PRON-	god	!		
...	and	now	-PRON-	be	embarkedthe	mountain	hang	and	frown	over	the	starry	deep	that	gleam	below	,	a	vast	and	dim	expanse	,	as	o'er	the	wave	-PRON-	go	.		
cyprian	!		
silenus	:	polypheme	,	-PRON-	be	the	ganymede	of	jupiter	.		
sure	-PRON-	have	act	quite	wrong	,	the	burden	this	be	of	each	morningcall	song	.		
-PRON-	have	never	live	before	,	but	now	those	bliss	be	no	more	.		
40	now	swell	the	intermingle	din	;	the	jar	frequent	and	frightful	of	the	bursting	bomb	;	the	fall	beam	,	the	shriek	,	the	groan	,	the	shout	,	the	ceaseless	clangour	,	and	the	rush	of	man	inebriate	with	rage	:	loud	,	and	more	loud	                           	45	the	discord	grow	;	till	pale	death	shut	the	scene	,	and	o'er	the	conqueror	and	the	conquer	draw	-PRON-	cold	and	bloody	shroud	.	of	all	the	man	whom	day	's	depart	beam	see	bloom	there	,	in	proud	and	vigorous	health	;	of	all	the	heart	                     	50	that	beat	with	anxious	life	at	sunset	there	;	how	few	survive	,	how	few	be	beat	now	!		
-PRON-	can	scarce	rise	.		
20	spare	nothing	but	a	gloomy	theme	,	on	which	the	light	heart	may	moralize	?		
the	language	speak	,	however	,	by	the	mythology	of	nearly	all	religion	seem	to	prove	that	at	some	distant	period	man	forsook	the	path	of	nature	,	and	sacrifice	the	purity	and	happiness	of	-PRON-	being	to	unnatural	appetite	.		
if	all	that	live	must	love	or	die	,	                                 	30	all	shape	on	earth	,	or	sea	,	or	sky	,	with	one	consent	to	heaven	cry	that	the	glory	far	above	all	else	in	life	be	all	:	love	!		
floro	:	-PRON-	seem	much	to	-PRON-	that	the	light	of	day	should	look	upon	that	idol	of	-PRON-	heartbut	-PRON-	                                	265	leave	-PRON-	to	fight	,	accord	to	thy	word	.		
law	pretend	even	to	govern	the	indisciplinable	wandering	of	passion	,	to	put	fetter	on	the	clear	deduction	of	reason	,	and	,	by	appeal	to	the	will	,	to	subdue	the	involuntary	affection	of	-PRON-	nature	.		
iliad	z	,	line	146	.		
and	statesman	boast	of	wealth	!		
there	an	inhuman	and	uncultured	race	howl	hideous	praise	to	-PRON-	demongod	;	                          	150	-PRON-	rush	to	war	,	tear	from	the	mother	's	womb	the	unborn	child	,	old	age	and	infancy	promiscuous	perish	;	-PRON-	victorious	arm	leave	not	a	soul	to	breathe	.		
;	"	poetical	works	"	,	1839	,	1st	edition	read	destine	:	soft	emotion	attract	,	etc	.		
12	.	own	.		
hist	.	"		
mortal	:	mine	eyelid	be	heavy	;	-PRON-	soul	seek	repose	,	-PRON-	long	in	thy	cell	to	embosom	-PRON-	woe	,	-PRON-	long	in	thy	cell	to	deposit	-PRON-	load	,	                          	15	where	no	longer	the	scorpion	of	perfidy	goad	,	where	the	phantom	of	prejudice	vanish	away	,	and	bigotry	's	bloodhound	lose	scent	of	-PRON-	prey	.		
-PRON-	loveliness	be	dead	with	-PRON-	.		
if	these	only	be	produce	,	and	sufficiently	produce	,	the	specie	of	man	would	be	continue	.		
mephistophele	:	-PRON-	be	all	magic	,	poor	delude	fool	!		
[	publish	(	from	the	esdaile	manuscript	with	title	as	above	)	by	rossetti	,	"	complete	poetical	works	of	p.	b.	s.	"	,	1870	;	date	1812	.		
20	death	:	cease	,	cease	,	wayward	mortal	!		
"	queen	mab	"	be	probably	write	during	the	year	1812it	be	first	hear	of	at	lynmouth	,	august	18	,	1812	(	"	shelley	memorials	"	,	page	39)but	the	text	may	be	assume	to	include	early	material	.	]		
come	along	,	bring	thy	fiendish	crowd	with	thee	,	                                 	150	quickly	raise	th	'	avenging	song	,	ghasta	!		
ulyss	:	that	will	-PRON-	never	do	!		
-PRON-	sing	not	to	the	deaf	:	the	wild	wood	know	                        	10	-PRON-	suffering	,	and	-PRON-	echo	answer	...	young	naiades	,	in	what	far	woodland	wild	wandered	ye	,	when	unworthy	love	possess	-PRON-	gallus	?		
universe	.		
8	.		
the	editio	princep	,	follow	by	rossetti	and	woodberry	,	have	hue	of	grace	[	cf	.		
10	so	beautiful	-PRON-	wasand	-PRON-	,	between	-PRON-	love	and	jealousy	,	be	so	convulsed	with	hope	and	fear	,	unworthy	as	-PRON-	may	appear	;	so	bitter	be	the	life	-PRON-	live	,	                                       	15	that	,	hear	-PRON-	,	hell	!		
rossetti	's	conjecture	be	confirm	by	the	reading	of	b.	,	white	and	green	,	etc	.		
13	.	many	(	1	)	.		
-PRON-	may	be	all	-PRON-	dream	of	happy	,	high	,	majestical	.		
8	.		
19	.		
