I suppose it was on account of the fact of his being taken in some measure unawares, that I caught him on two or three occasions regarding me fixedly in a way that disquieted me somewhat, having been lately in so little society; till my glance aroused him from his reverie, and he looked elsewhere in some confusion.		
But, seeing that Ethelberta did not smile, she turned the subject, and added docilely: 'Did you come up for me to do anything?		
If the visitor turned out to be Sir John, he had determined to confront him.		
He became gleeful, and said to himself, nervously palming his hip with his left hand, as if previous to plunging it into hot water for some prize: 'Upon my life I've a good mind!		
As a man devoted to art, Ladywell, who has had the honour of being hung higher up on the Academy walls than any other living painter, you should take out your sketchbook and dash off the scene.'		
This storm, like the first, is of the nature of a squall, and it ends as abruptly as the other.		
If you do speak of it?'		
The pa'son might have forgi'ed 'em when he learned the truth o't, but the squire would not.		
'Perhaps Johns was right,' he would say.		
'Because he is old enough to be my grandfather, and yours too.'		
Barnet had done the same thing, and turned away.		
Mrs. Marchmill opened one of the books, and saw the owner's name written on the titlepage.		
Stockdale had gone away to Knollsea in the morning, to be present at some commemoration service there, and on his return he was met by the attractive Lizzy in the passage.		
'Yes; but I do not leave Rouen till the afternoon.		
said he.		
'"Who is that lady?"		
'Michael, a old man like you ought to think about other things, and not be looking two ways at your time of life.		
Restless and selfreproachful as he was, he could not resist a smile as he thought of the terrifying oath of compact, sealed by a kiss upon the stones of a Pagan temple.		
He held me by the hand and waistO so tightand would not let me go till I had promised to meet him again.		
There was now a lull in the discourse, and soon the van descended the hill leading into the long straggling village.		
In the train she had seen a weekly local paper, and read there a paragraph detailing the inquest on Charles.		
And with a burst of real eloquence he went on to declare all sorts of things that he would do for her.		
'Yesbut what was that, my good lady?		
While they were here, Lady Jane Joy and some other friends of the viscount told Ethelberta that they were probably coming on to Knollsea.		
Philip, tell the worst, and take your time.'		
'I'll consider whether I am or not,' he pleasantly replied.		
Conjecture was directed to the question how Bellston had got there; and conjecture alone could give an explanation.		
Then the merry guests tumbled through doors at the further end, and dancing began.		
'You are quite positive?'		
From this place he proceeded quickly over a shoulder of the declivity, a little to the left, presently returning on horseback, which proved that his horse had been tethered in some secret place down there.		
'What!'		
'From that day he was invisible for so long a time that she thought he had gone away altogether.		
Heddegan.'		
inquired the milkman, lifting his ear.		
When the ten minutes' break occurred, Christopher was the first of the two to speak.		
However, the friendship between him and the Heymeresas the uncle and niece were namedwarmed and warmed by degrees, there being but few folk o' note in the vicinity at that time, which made a newcomer, if he were at all sociable and of good credit, always sure of a welcome.		
she repeated.		
It was said by her detractors afterwards that she had chosen her lodging to be near this gentleman, but there is reason to believe that she had never seen him till her arrival there.		
As soon as he got into the house, and before entering his own rooms, he advanced to the door of the little back parlour in which Lizzy usually sat with her mother.		
My mother and herself both think that the marriage should not take place till next year.		
He stepped aside into an empty room till she had lit a taper and had passed on to her boudoir.		
'I should like to live in London best,' murmured Picotee, her head sinking mournfully to one side.		
The baritone started at the unexpected sight, but recovering from his surprise said, 'Very well, as you will,' though perhaps his tone showed a slight want of confidence.		
'By God!		
He musingly looked out of the window.		
'For I see what you don't, that it is a good and flourishing match for you; a very honourable offer in Mr. Darton.		
Presently he said, 'Would you have waited for me if you had known?'		
'The best reason on earth,' said Neigh.		
'You fell off the bed, surely?'		
During the progress of repairs at this bower Barbara frequently visited it.		
replied Lucy, looking round at the hall.		
Say no, say no!'		
I don't think I told you.'		
'Ah, RogerI thought it was John.'		
.		
'But it is wrong, Emmeline, all the same.'		
Christopher said nothing, and turned over the poems.		
By a sorry but unconscious misapplication of sound and wide reasoning did the active mind of Ethelberta thus find itself a solace.		
'There, that's just it!		
It happened to be marketday, and Nicholas, having postponed the engagements which called him thither to keep the appointment with her in the Sallows, rushed off at the end of the afternoon to attend to them as well as he could.		
'Mr.		
He did not reply, and Selina observed that his ear and the side of his face were quite white.		
The child was quite ruined by it; he became quite a drivelling idiot, and soon afterward died.		
O what a tangled web we weave When first we practise to deceive!		
Try to keep faith with herher young heart is tender; believe me there is no mistake in the quality of her love for you.		
'I'll take care, my love.		
The horse carried double, the girl being on a pillion behind her lover.		
His frame was stalwart, though slightly stooping.		
'You leave Dorothy behind for the present?'		
'O Georginahow candid!		
Answer one word!'		
She'll see enough o' me soon!"		
Involuntarily she slipped from her left hand the symbol of her wifehood.		
''Tis only a matter of time,' said the calm young philosopher.		
'Yes.		
An old treatise on Casuistry lay on the top shelf.		
'It is good of you,' she said, trembling a little.		
Charles, she says, has pleaded that their marriage may just as well be this year as next; and he seems to have nearly converted my mother to the same way of thinking.		
She answered eagerly: 'I'll hold the reins while you run forward to the top of the ridge, and see if the road takes a favourable turn beyond.		
But for an accidental overhauling of the waste journals in his study he might not have known of the event for years.		
She spoke desperately.		
And then they were silent again.		
The fact is, Milly, she had a notion that I was wishing to marry her, and since she's discovered I've promised another, and a prettier than she, I'm rather afeard of her temper if she sees us together.		
Well, the best thing you can do is to write and tell her all about it, and throw yourself upon her generosity."		
The consummate charm of the lines seemed to Winterborne, though he divined that they were a quotation, to be somehow the result of his lost love's charms upon Fitzpiers.		
she cried to herself.		
"Indeed, that's not so, Mrs. Fitzpiers.		
His was the selfish passion of Congreve's Millamont, to whom love's supreme delight lay in "that heart which others bleed for, bleed for me."		
"Very well," he said.		
But here was the fact, which could not be disguised: since seeing what an immense change her last twelve months of absence had produced in his daughter, after the heavy sum per annum that he had been spending for several years upon her education, he was reluctant to let her marry Giles Winterborne, indefinitely occupied as woodsman, cidermerchant, applefarmer, and what not, even were she willing to marry him herself.		
"You mean Mrs. Charmond?		
"She will run down through that opening much faster than she went up it, if she is like the rest of the girls."		
"My young man, Tim Tangs," said she.		
You probably pray the samefor other reasons."		
Spring weather came on rather suddenly, the unsealing of buds that had long been swollen accomplishing itself in the space of one warm night.		
"I am very much shaken," she said.		
"'Ch have done it once already, miss.		
"When the sun shines on the north front of Sherton Abbeythat's when my happiness will come to me!"		
"It quite terrified him when he first saw what you had done to it this morning," she added.		
To his inquiry if she were hurt she made some incoherent reply to the effect that she did not know.		
She had made it for herself mainly by her appearance and attractive behavior to him since her return.		
At noon she heard a slight rustling outside the window, and found that it was caused by an eft which had crept out of the leaves to bask in the last sunrays that would be worth having till the following May.		
At first he had a particular objection to enter the parlor, because his boots were dusty, but as the surgeon insisted he waived the point and came in.		
Goodby."		
At her father's usual hour for retiring he again came in to see her.		
A premonition that she could not resist him if he came strangely moved her.		
she said, regarding him with wild uncertainty.		
Others have been like it afore in Hintock."		
Between four and five Fitzpiers arrived, hitching his horse to the hook outside the door.		
She is SO nice!"		
This letter contained, in fact, Marty's declaration that she was the original owner of Mrs. Charmond's supplementary locks, and enclosed a sample from the native stock, which had grown considerably by this time.		
Without replying he raised his arm, and moved his finger till he fixed it at a point.		
Presently he looked across at Winterborne.		
"How long has it been introduced?"		
"We may have been wrong," he began, almost fearfully, "in supposing that it can all be carried out while we stay here at Hintock.		
And then, as her anxiety increased with increasing thought, there returned upon her mind some incidents of her late intercourse with him, which she had heeded but little at the time.		
It will be proved by my future conduct.		
He unhooked a darklantern from a nail under the eaves and she did not notice how his hand shook with the slight strain, or dream that in making this offer he was taxing a convalescence which could ill afford such selfsacrifice.		
"You don't wish me to stay any longer?"		
If we continue in these rooms there must be no mixing in with your people below.		
Later on, when that planet was getting command of the upper heaven, and consequently shining with an unbroken face into such open glades as there were in the neighborhood of the hamlet, it became apparent that the margin of the wood which approached the timbermerchant's premises was not to be left to the customary stillness of that reposeful time.		
The nature of her errand he could not divine, but he was prepared to give her any amount of encouragement.		
Meanwhile, in the empty house from which the guests had just cleared out, the subject of their discourse was walking from room to room surveying the general displacement of furniture with no ecstatic feeling; rather the reverse, indeed.		
After stating how extremely glad he was to hear that she was better, and able to get outofdoors, he went on: "This is a wearisome business, the solicitor we have come to see being out of town.		
His curious and altogether alien aspect, his strange gestures, like those of one who is rehearsing a scene to himself, and the unusual place and hour, were sufficient to account for any trepidation among the Hintock daughters at encountering him.		
As Grace was left very much to herself, she took advantage of one fine day before Fitzpiers's return to drive into the aforesaid vale where stood the village of Buckbury Fitzpiers.		
Fitzpiers had latterly developed an irritable discontent which vented itself in monologues when Grace was present to hear them.		
The evening after leaving her he went out into the lane, and walked and pondered between the high hedges, now greenishwhite with wild clematishere called "oldman's beard," from its aspect later in the year.		
Fitzpiers did not require to be told twice.		
The thought of Grammer occurred to her.		
"Don't raft yourself without good need, George," she replied.		
"If you don't like to go to her I don't wish to force you."		
Melbury and his daughter drew near their house, having seen but one living thing on their way, a squirrel, which did not run up its tree, but, dropping the sweet chestnut which it carried, cried chutchutchut, and stamped with its hind legs on the ground.		
I couldn't have surrounded her with the refinements she looked for, anyhow, at all."		
"She is not at all well," he said.		
He could hardly bear to see his whilom truthful girl brought to the humiliation of having to talk like that.		
Since the date of his rejection he had almost grown to see the reasonableness of that treatment.		
There was no sign nor sound of Fitzpiers.		
She had been sadly surprised at the suddenness of his distaste for those oldfashioned woodland forms of life which in his courtship he had professed to regard with so much interest.		
From this ambiguous expression of the reticent woodlander's, Dr. Fitzpiers inferred that Giles disliked Miss Melbury because of some haughtiness in her bearing towards him, and had, on that account, withheld her name.		
The struggle was too wearying, too hopeless, while she remained.		
The gist of his communication was that Mrs. Fitzpiers should be assured as soon as possible that steps were being taken to sever the bond which was becoming a torture to her; that she would soon be free, and was even then virtually so.		
He wrote briefly and unaffectedly; he made no excuses, but informed her that he was living quite alone, and had been led to think that they ought to be together, if she would make up her mind to forgive him.		
"The plantation runs up into a corner here, close behind the house."		
"Very well," she answered, stretching one hand round to him, and patting her eyes with a handkerchief held in the other.		
The grateful sense of his kindness stirred her to action, though she only knew half what that kindness really was.		
The question had been mooted between them before, and she was not unprepared to consider it.		
"It is of rather more importance to know what the man is himself than what his family is," she said, "if he is going to practise upon us as a surgeon.		
"Yes," she said, "I have thought that, too.		
And Grace proceeded to explain Mrs. Charmond's proposal at large.		
The rumor which agitated the other folk of Hintock had reached the young girl, and she was penning a letter to Fitzpiers, to tell him that Mrs. Charmond wore her hair.		
The argument continued in these terms till a voice from the interior of the carriage inquired what was the matter.		
She knew that the state of the cottager who lived that way was a mere pretext; she was quite sure he was going to Mrs. Charmond.		
She had opened the window with a faint sense of triumph, but he had turned it into sadness; she did not quite comprehend the reason why.		
He went on to his former residence.		
"I won't quite believe that things are so much amiss.		
While he ate her eyes lingered anxiously on his face, following its every movement with such lovingkindness as only a fond woman can show.		
Take one of these; and here's a light."		
He threw an armful of last year's leaves on to the fire, which made the flame leap higher, and the encompassing shades to weave themselves into a denser contrast, turning eve into night in a moment.		
He informed her that she need have no further concern about Fitzpiers's return; that she would shortly be a free woman; and therefore, if she should desire to wed her old loverwhich he trusted was the case, since it was his own deep wishshe would be in a position to do so.		
His manner made her think that she had been too chiding in her speech; and a mild scarlet wave passed over her as she resolved to soften it.		
"Forgive me, but I can't rule my mourning nohow as a man should, Mr. Melbury," he said.		
Fitzpiers had furnished none of that singleminded confidence and truth out of which alone such a second union could spring; hence it was with a controllable emotion that she now watched the mare brought round.		
This increasing complication added still more value to Grace in the surgeon's eyes: it rendered her adorable.		
she murmured, her dreamy eyes resting on the swaying tip of a distant tree.		
the gentleman asked.		
I make a great mistake if she has for a moment thought of concealing that from him.'		
Will you delay your answer till some time hence, when you have thoroughly considered; since I fear it may be a hasty one now?'		
If I could    not get a pupilteachership in some London school (and I believe I    could by advertising) I could stay with you, and be governess to    Georgina and Myrtle, for I am sure you cannot spare time enough to    teach them as they ought to be taught, and Emmeline is not old enough    to have any command over them.		
'Though he is your brother, sir, I must say this, that I would rather she married the poorest man I know.'		
At about the midnight hour she felt more fortified on the expediency of marriage with Lord Mountclere than she had done at all since musing on it.		
One wintry afternoon he reached the doornow for the third timeand gave a knock which had in it every tender refinement that could be thrown into the somewhat antagonistic vehicle of noise.		
I have been trying at Knollsea for a fortnight, and it is no use.		
'No; quite the reverse.		
You see, my dear Berta,    marriage is a thing which, once carried out, fixes you more firm in a    position than any personal brains can do; for as you stand at present,    every loose tooth, and every combedout hair, and every new wrinkle,    and every sleepless night, is so much took away from your chance for    the future, depending as it do upon your skill in charming.		
'Now, how do you think this bonnet will do?		
Ethelberta did everything for her, in short; and Picotee obeyed orders with the abstracted ease of mind which people show who have their thinking done for them, and put out their troubles as they do their washing.		
'O no, no: there is nothing like that.		
I think they would all like to speak to you.'		
'Confound the clothes!		
I hardly can myself.'		
said Ethelberta.		
'I thought I would call on her this afternoon, but when I got there I found she had left early for the performance.		
The result of this change was soon perceptible.		
What was honest in Enckworth Court was that portion of the original edifice which still remained, now degraded to subservient uses.		
This epistle was very courteously written, and in point of correctness, propriety, and gravity, might have come from the quill of a bishop.		
Picotee opened the door, and said, with an anxiety transcending Ethelberta's, 'Well?'		
a tear, and a song.		
He watched Picotee and her brother off the premises, and the pair went on their way towards Exonbury Crescent, very few words passing between them.		
'I wonder if she has deceived him in anything,' murmured Chickerel.		
'Care for us both equally!'		
said Picotee, just as bitterly.		
'No, I too shall go to the church first, just to assure myself,' said Chickerel.		
'Are you the parish clerk?'		
Upon the glazed tiles within the chimneypiece were the forms of owls, bats, snakes, frogs, mice, spiders in their webs, moles, and other objects of aversion and darkness, shaped in black and burnt in after the approved fashion.		
Well, 'tis a fine place.		
I wish Picotee and yourself could see us oftener; I am as confirmed a bachelor now as Faith is an old maid.		
'If it were true,' added Ethelberta, smiling.		
Chickerel mused on the circumstance as he took his ticket and got into the train.		
'Thank you,' said Sol.		
They parted and took their respective places, Lord Mountclere choosing a compartment next to the one Ethelberta was entering, and not, as she had expected, attempting to join her.		
'Ah, yes; thank you,' said Christopher.		
he murmured.		
'Yes,' said Mr. Doncastle, in a low tone.		
Menlove!		
'I suppose they will be off somewhere, and she is busy getting ready?'		
Autumn had begun to make itself felt and seen in bolder and less subtle ways than at first.		
When we have put Joey into buttons, he will do very well to attend to the door.'		
You know what lady's face served as the original to this, I suppose?'		
'But see what she implied to me!		
.		
'O noI think you will be mine now.'		
Ethelberta and Lord Mountclere looked that way: and behold, Picotee had nearly swooned.		
'You are too warm about it, Kitit cannot be so bad as that.		
The question is, how long shall I be able to do it?'		
Leave all to me.		
The shopfolk be out of stock, I hear, and the visiting lady up the hill is terribly in want of clothes, so 'tis said.		
It contained these words only, in a scrawl so full of deformities that she could hardly piece its meaning together:    'I must see you again today unless you absolutely deny yourself to    me, which I shall take as a refusal to meet me any more.		
.		
The approach was like a turnpike road full of great ruts, clumsy mendings; bordered by trampled edges and incursions upon the grass at pleasure.		
It became evident to all the family that some misunderstanding had arisen between Ethelberta and Mr. Julian.		
'Never mind it,' said Christopher, a sense of the true state of her case dawning upon him with unpleasant distinctness, and bringing some irritation at his awkward position; though it was impossible to be long angry with a girl who had not reasoning foresight enough to perceive that doubtful pleasure and certain pain must be the result of any meeting whilst hearts were at cross purposes in this way.		
But their sister had other lines laid down for them than those of level progress; to start them some day as masters instead of men was a longcherished wish of Ethelberta's.		
So, though I don't mean to be    harsh, I must impress upon you the necessity of going on as you are    going just at present.		
The occasion, the place, and their own condition, made them kin.		
said Neigh, noticing an abstraction in his companion.		
Christopher had now a far better opportunity than before for observing Ethelberta's betrothed.		
I don't like it.		
But melancholy and mistaken thoughts of herself as a counterfeit had brought her to this.		
'I do notyou did not blench.		
No sooner had Picotee left her sister's room, than Ethelberta thought it would after all have been much better if she had gone down herself to speak to this admirably persistent lover.		
'No, Christopher: really you did not.		
He bowed and walked out awkwardly.		
'It is,' said Cornelia.		
He entered and sat down beside Mountclere, not without a sense that he was spoiling good upholstery; the coachman then allowed the lash of his whip to alight with the force of a small fly upon the horses, which set them up in an angry trot.		
There, don't spoil your eyes: you may have to sell them.'		
'And so she told him,' said Ladywell.		
37.		
I wish Captain Strong to bring the Fawn round into Knollsea Bay.		
Say, shall it be here, or where they are standing?'		
Christopher parted from his companion and soon reached a stile, clambering over which he entered a park.		
'What man was that?'		
She spoke in a settled way, as if something intended had been set in train; and Christopher having promised for his sister, he went out of the house with a parting smile of misgiving.		
'Lord Mountclere is to be married to Mrs. Petherwin quite privately.'		
When the hour drew nigh enormous force of will was required to keep her perturbation down.		
'Since the matter has been mentioned,' said Mr. Jones, 'I may say that I too noticed the singularity of it.'		
'I'll tell somebody downstairs of you, who'll soon see about it!'		
I don't like my relations being my servants; but if they did not work for me, they would have to work for others, and my service is much lighter and pleasanter than any other lady's would be for them, so the advantages are worth the risk.		
Some disclosure or reference to me otherwise than as your mistress, will certainly be made else, and then I am ruined.		
