the	young	scientist	bow	ironically	,	-PRON-	long	lash	droop	over	-PRON-	eye	in	-PRON-	accustomed	lazy	fashion	as	-PRON-	realize	that	the	occasion	be	not	urgent	.		
mccarthy	start	to	-PRON-	foot	with	a	bellow	of	rage	,	-PRON-	face	turn	purple	.		
"	as	for	how	-PRON-	know	,	that	last	wireless	prove	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	.	"		
"	why	?	"		
"	no	,	only	-PRON-	.	"		
"	then	-PRON-	have	just	as	much	to	go	on	as	-PRON-	do	,	"	drawl	darrow	,	half	close	-PRON-	eye	.		
now	-PRON-	will	  	lay	on	-PRON-	-PRON-	command	.		
"	the	danger	be	not	the	pointit	's	the	fear	of	danger	,	"	say	darrow	.		
darrow	lean	back	against	the	wall	and	close	-PRON-	eye	.		
some	of	-PRON-	speak	,	but	no	sound	come	.		
"	-PRON-	have	say	-PRON-	would	permit	no	harm	to	come	to	these	people	,	and	-PRON-	mean	-PRON-	,	"	say	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	explain	excitedly	,	"	but	-PRON-	burn	,	just	the	same	!	"		
-PRON-	inquire	in	a	low	voice	.		
"	have	-PRON-	-PRON-	own	wayonly	obey	order	.	"		
at	this	-PRON-	nod	twice	more	.		
that	be	the	language	of	exaltation	.		
"	do	-PRON-	know	whether	any	other	instrument	catch	this	?	"		
get	anything	to	say	?	"		
that	be	the	way	-PRON-	size	-PRON-	up	.		
-PRON-	be	fascinating	work	,	like	the	drawing	of	a	huge	invisible	net	.		
blake	stand	quietly	at	attention	.		
-PRON-	remark	.		
absolute	dense	stillness	,	like	that	of	a	sea	calm	at	night	,	take	the	place	of	the	customary	city	noise	.		
"	how	do	-PRON-	know	that	?	"		
-PRON-	be	,	as	-PRON-	look	at	-PRON-	,	and	as	the	doctor	-PRON-	look	at	-PRON-	,	merely	carry	common	knowledge	to	a	conclusion	.		
percy	darrow	have	take	-PRON-	place	again	in	the	armchair	by	the	fire	.		
to	the	little	group	of	man	in	the	top	floor	of	the	atlas	building	the	roar	of	riot	come	up	like	the	thunder	of	the	orchestra	before	the	rise	of	the	curtain	.		
ask	darrow	.		
"	-PRON-	be	game	,	"	say	jack	,	"	but	-PRON-	can	tell	-PRON-	the	answer	right	now	.		
"	-PRON-	see	,	"	say	the	girl	,	-PRON-	brow	still	level	.		
a	knowledge	that	would	have	cause	a	tremendous	panic	if	-PRON-	have	be	divulge	suddenly	now	give	birth	to	a	deep	seat	uneasiness	.		
"	do	-PRON-	look	at	thefus	?	"		
"	but	the	case	be	not	so	bad	as	-PRON-	sound	,	"	-PRON-	go	on	.		
have	-PRON-	see	man	out	of	work	?		
"	that	sound	would	be	cut	off	in	the	city	,	"	say	helen	;	"	but	jack	have	already	deliver	-PRON-	-PRON-	warning	or	advice	,	"	-PRON-	add	.		
"	if	this	fellow	do	not	leak	,	how	do	-PRON-	know	about	-PRON-	wireless	?	"		
"	very	interesting	.		
the	subway	be	practically	desert	;	the	theater	empty	;	the	accustomed	careless	life	of	the	great	white	way	thin	;	the	stream	of	life	slacken	.		
besides	,	-PRON-	do	not	see	yet	that	human	agency	be	suspect	.	"		
-PRON-	deposit	the	bag	carefully	by	-PRON-	chair	,	and	turn	,	smile	,	to	helen	.		
"	-PRON-	think	so	.		
"	-PRON-	play	-PRON-	own	game	,	"	be	all	the	explanation	-PRON-	would	vouchsafe	.		
eldridge	glance	at	-PRON-	.		
"	bar	the	last	,	these	be	exactly	the	qualification	of	a	good	bullterrier	.	"		
from	the	open	doorway	rush	-PRON-	friend	,	officer	burns	,	of	the	city	hall	station	.		
-PRON-	raise	-PRON-	voice	a	little	.		
ask	helen	.		
as	the	two	set	out	at	a	slow	saunter	down	the	backwater	of	the	side	street	,	darrow	explain	a	little	further	.		
these	-PRON-	can	evidently	,	at	will	,	either	focus	,	as	on	the	atlas	building	,	or	diffuse	,	as	over	the	city	.		
"	now	,	what	do	-PRON-	think	of	that	!	"		
silence	fall	on	the	room	.		
the	gentleman	with	the	sidewhisker	,	who	look	like	the	caricature	of	the	trust	,	have	at	last	succeed	in	make	-PRON-	imperial	wish	know	,	clamber	into	a	taxicab	,	and	sit	back	,	apparently	unimpressed	.		
"	-PRON-	certainly	look	like	a	frowzy	tramp	,	jack	,	"	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	brother	judiciously	,	"	and	-PRON-	need	sleep	,	"	-PRON-	inform	darrow	.		
the	air	be	soft	and	golden	;	the	sun	warm	with	the	indian	summer	.		
at	the	sight	the	young	fellow	come	to	an	abrupt	stop	,	as	though	some	one	have	meet	-PRON-	with	a	dash	of	cold	water	in	the	face	.		
but	darrow	shake	-PRON-	head	.		
"	-PRON-	be	now	at	-PRON-	command	.		
do	-PRON-	understand	?		
darrow	shake	-PRON-	head	.		
"	try	one	,	"	say	-PRON-	.		
"	the	last	time	-PRON-	see	jack	-PRON-	stand	six	foot	and	weigh	about	one	hundred	and	eightfive	pound	,	"	-PRON-	point	out	.		
-PRON-	drop	the	leg	of	-PRON-	chair	to	the	floor	and	lean	forward	.		
"	good	!	"		
the	reporter	read	this	,	and	nod	.		
"	-PRON-	do	.	"		
"	at	twelve	thirty	.	"		
public	interest	be	at	once	focus	reassuringly	on	the	chance	of	find	the	annoying	malefactor	today	or	tomorrow	;	there	no	longer	exist	a	doubt	that	-PRON-	would	be	find	.		
believe	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	know	the	exigency	of	this	case	better	than	-PRON-	do	;	and	-PRON-	must	obey	-PRON-	in	what	-PRON-	say	.		
ask	darrow	,	as	the	elevator	of	the	atlas	spring	upward	.		
-PRON-	be	no	secret	.	"		
"	but	,	"	object	jack	,	"	if	vibration	be	absolutely	stop	,	why	would	not	-PRON-	all	three	be	blot	out	at	once	?	"		
the	madman	of	the	catskills	would	sooner	or	later	be	find	;	-PRON-	pernicious	activity	bring	to	a	conclusion	.		
every	physical	manifestation	must	have	some	physical	and	definite	because	;	and	this	can	be	find	if	time	enough	be	bestow	on	-PRON-	.		
nothing	happen	.		
do	any	of	these	come	between	six	and	eight	last	evening	?	"		
a	figure	stand	before	the	darken	window	,	the	figure	of	a	little	,	old	,	bent	man	face	as	though	look	out	.		
"	what	be	the	theory	?	"		
other	man	be	yet	work	,	and	will	continue	to	work	,	on	the	supposition	that	-PRON-	be	the	result	of	some	unbalanced	natural	condition	.		
official	sweep	-PRON-	out	and	take	possession	.		
"	for	-PRON-	will	guarantee	that	even	if	monsieur	x	have	this	power	,	-PRON-	will	stop	-PRON-	before	-PRON-	exercise	-PRON-	.	"		
the	physical	life	of	a	city	be	so	well	establish	that	the	average	city	dweller	grow	out	of	the	pioneer	virtue	of	adaptability	.		
"	well	?	"		
"	-PRON-	can	if	necessary	.	"		
for	a	time	-PRON-	banking	career	prosper	and	-PRON-	acquire	a	moderate	fortune	,	but	in	1854	unwise	investment	force	-PRON-	to	close	-PRON-	office	.		
the	consequence	be	a	succession	of	narrow	deep	hole	in	the	clay	into	which	an	animal	sink	halfway	to	the	shoulder	.		
the	battle	be	also	notable	because	the	wellknown	scout	,	kit	carson	,	take	part	in	-PRON-	.		
in	1851	the	lawlessness	of	mere	physical	violence	have	come	to	a	head	.		
most	of	the	gambler	and	speculator	,	for	example	,	as	well	as	the	cheap	politician	,	go	by	panama	.		
man	rejoice	or	despaired	accord	to	-PRON-	disposition	.		
in	1849	,	however	gorgeous	the	trapping	may	have	appear	to	man	long	deprive	of	such	thing	,	-PRON-	be	of	small	importance	compare	with	the	game	-PRON-	.		
the	negro	reply	,	"	if	-PRON-	will	walk	up	to	-PRON-	restaurant	,	-PRON-	will	set	-PRON-	to	work	at	twentyfive	dollar	immediately	.	"		
for	lack	of	water	many	of	the	miner	have	stop	work	and	have	to	ask	for	credit	in	buy	-PRON-	daily	necessity	.		
the	plan	for	concerted	action	be	very	carefully	and	skillfully	work	out	.		
thither	the	committee	now	remove	en	masse	,	without	interrupt	-PRON-	labor	.		
-PRON-	become	discourage	.		
the	four	hundred	deserted	ship	lie	at	anchor	in	the	harbor	have	dump	down	on	the	new	community	the	most	ridiculous	assortment	of	necessity	and	luxury	,	such	as	calico	,	silk	,	rich	furniture	,	mirror	,	knockdown	house	,	case	and	case	of	tobacco	,	clothing	,	statuary	,	miningimplement	,	provision	,	and	the	like	.		
chapter	xiv	the	storm	breaks	the	governor	of	the	state	at	this	time	be	j.	neely	johnson	,	a	politician	whose	merit	and	demerit	be	both	so	slight	that	-PRON-	would	long	since	have	be	forget	be	-PRON-	not	for	the	fact	that	-PRON-	occupy	office	during	this	excitement	.		
the	price	skyrocket	still	high	.		
-PRON-	be	instruct	by	ryckman	,	"	sam	,	-PRON-	go	out	and	harangue	the	crowd	while	-PRON-	make	ready	to	move	.	"		
within	the	shadow	,	the	door	open	and	charles	doane	,	the	grand	marshal	of	the	vigilantes	,	advance	three	step	into	the	room	.		
change	of	venue	to	court	either	prejudice	or	know	to	be	favorable	to	the	technical	interpretation	of	the	law	be	very	easily	procure	.		
-PRON-	have	be	describe	as	moonfac	,	bland	,	bulletheaded	man	,	with	walrus	moustache	,	and	fatuous	,	placid	smile	.		
the	vigor	and	force	of	-PRON-	style	arrest	attention	,	so	that	when	-PRON-	dauntless	crusade	spirit	,	revolt	against	the	carnival	of	crime	both	subtle	and	obvious	,	desire	to	edit	a	newspaper	,	-PRON-	have	no	difficulty	in	raise	the	small	sum	of	money	necessary	.		
the	man	who	be	in	charge	of	-PRON-	go	to	sleep	,	and	the	cattle	turn	back	and	recross	the	desert	or	perhaps	die	there	....	next	day	-PRON-	start	early	and	drive	till	dusk	,	as	-PRON-	wish	to	tire	the	cattle	so	that	-PRON-	would	lie	down	and	give	-PRON-	a	chance	to	sleep	.		
then	whatev	ticket	be	lack	to	secure	the	proper	election	be	count	from	the	pack	ballot	box	in	the	sure	ward	.		
coleman	,	though	considerably	take	aback	,	recover	-PRON-	and	listen	without	comment	.		
"	go	,	"	-PRON-	command	sharply	,	and	casey	go	.		
everybody	,	except	the	owner	of	the	building	,	be	hugely	delighted	,	and	when	the	fire	be	all	over	-PRON-	be	customary	for	the	unfortunate	owner	further	to	increase	the	amount	of	-PRON-	loss	by	deal	out	liquid	refreshment	to	everybody	concern	.		
there	seem	to	be	no	rule	of	the	road	.		
-PRON-	cry	.		
this	battle	of	san	pascual	,	as	-PRON-	be	call	,	be	interesting	as	be	the	only	engagement	in	which	the	californians	get	the	upper	hand	.		
the	leader	,	in	high	feather	,	as	promptly	turn	to	the	federal	authority	for	the	assistance	-PRON-	need	.		
the	deliberation	of	this	body	be	very	interesting	reading	.		
as	a	boy	joseph	have	be	shrewd	enough	and	superstitious	enough	to	play	this	trait	up	for	all	-PRON-	be	worth	.		
the	public	mind	already	prepare	for	excitement	by	the	stirring	event	of	the	past	few	year	,	but	now	fall	into	the	doldrums	of	both	monotonous	and	hard	time	,	respond	eagerly	.		
a	man	that	will	steal	petty	article	from	-PRON-	enemy	will	,	when	occasion	offer	,	steal	from	-PRON-	brother	too	.		
frémont	's	injection	into	the	revolution	have	be	time	at	the	happy	possible	moment	for	-PRON-	.		
on	the	other	hand	,	general	riley	contend	that	the	law	of	california	obtain	until	supplant	by	act	of	congress	.		
-PRON-	assemble	to	enjoy	each	other	's	company	,	the	brightness	,	the	music	,	and	the	sociable	warmth	.		
hittell	give	an	incident	that	illustrate	the	latter	trait	very	well	.		
the	opposition	be	strong	than	-PRON-	suppose	.		
in	october	,	1848	,	the	first	steamship	of	the	pacific	steamship	company	begin	-PRON-	voyage	from	new	york	to	panama	and	san	francisco	,	and	reach	-PRON-	destination	toward	the	end	of	february	.		
these	be	only	flintlock	,	but	efficient	enough	in	-PRON-	way	,	and	supply	with	bayonet	.		
though	-PRON-	have	knowledge	from	june	5	of	a	state	of	war	,	this	knowledge	,	apparently	,	-PRON-	have	share	neither	with	-PRON-	officer	nor	with	the	public	,	and	-PRON-	exhibit	a	want	of	initiative	and	vigor	which	be	in	strike	contrast	to	frémont	's	ambition	and	overzeal	.		
the	former	perjurer	would	not	appear	.		
the	mud	have	force	the	cleaning	and	afterwards	the	planking	of	the	principal	road	;	the	hounds	have	compel	the	adoption	of	at	least	a	semblance	of	government	;	and	the	repeat	fire	have	make	necessary	the	semiofficial	organization	of	the	fire	department	.		
some	of	these	people	be	,	as	a	chronicler	of	the	time	quaintly	express	-PRON-	,	"	considerably	tight	.	"		
the	former	be	of	the	narrow	,	strong	,	fanatic	type	;	the	latter	have	the	cool	constructive	brain	that	give	point	,	direction	,	and	consistency	to	the	mormon	system	of	theology	.		
in	this	manner	five	hundred	vote	be	once	return	from	crystal	springs	precinct	where	there	dwelt	not	over	thirty	voter	.		
apparently	-PRON-	member	be	ignorant	and	superstitious	.		
successful	germans	or	hollander	of	the	more	stupid	class	run	so	true	to	type	and	be	so	numerous	that	-PRON-	earn	the	generic	name	of	"	dutch	charley	.	"		
brigham	could	welcome	graciously	and	leave	a	good	impression	upon	important	visitor	.		
each	mile	have	to	be	relay	back	and	forth	several	time	.		
-PRON-	be	well	attend	.		
immediately	on	arrive	in	the	city	-PRON-	send	word	to	coleman	request	an	interview	.		
-PRON-	have	be	formerly	a	fugitive	from	justice	.		
-PRON-	be	unable	,	however	,	to	utter	even	two	consecutive	sentence	.		
one	boston	firm	be	allege	to	have	send	out	a	whole	shipload	of	woman	's	bonnetsto	a	community	where	a	woman	be	one	of	the	rare	sight	to	be	find	!		
the	crowd	gather	-PRON-	breath	for	a	frantic	cheer	.		
the	need	of	hundred	of	thousand	of	newcomer	,	in	a	country	where	the	manufacture	be	practically	nothing	,	be	enormous	.		
king	start	with	an	attack	on	palmer	,	cook	,	and	company	's	method	.		
johnson	agree	to	this	.		
these	thing	,	however	,	be	outside	of	-PRON-	scope	,	as	-PRON-	occur	later	in	history	.		
later	,	claim	of	a	definite	size	be	establish	.		
often	-PRON-	consignment	be	quite	arbitrary	and	not	at	all	what	-PRON-	order	.		
some	of	the	numberless	saloon	already	show	sign	of	real	magnificence	.		
-PRON-	be	apparently	easy	to	fathom	,	but	the	stream	really	run	deep	.		
each	company	be	advise	to	elect	-PRON-	own	officer	,	subject	to	ratification	by	the	executive	committee	.		
as	have	be	point	out	,	a	large	proportion	of	the	city	's	wealth	be	raise	not	from	taxation	but	from	the	sale	of	-PRON-	property	.		
at	first	the	method	be	very	crude	.		
in	the	interest	of	the	proceeding	a	general	illumination	have	not	be	order	.		
up	to	now	-PRON-	have	merely	be	notify	by	private	citizen	.		
the	constitutional	convention	be	compose	mainly	of	man	who	have	previous	interest	in	the	country	.		
"	nothing	will	be	do	today	.	"		
once	-PRON-	accept	the	oath	these	new	deputy	be	confront	by	the	choice	between	perjury	,	and	-PRON-	consequence	,	or	do	service	.		
each	man	be	live	for	-PRON-	.		
the	usual	superiority	of	headworker	over	handworker	disappear	.		
the	picking	incident	to	demoralize	condition	look	rich	to	these	man	.		
this	statement	be	receive	in	silence	.		
a	constant	stream	of	fresh	gold	be	need	to	shore	up	the	totter	commercial	structure	.		
brannan	be	a	mormon	who	have	set	out	from	new	york	with	two	hundred	and	fifty	mormons	to	try	out	the	land	of	california	as	a	possible	refuge	for	the	persecute	sect	.		
the	great	manufacturing	town	be	then	at	-PRON-	bad	,	contain	people	desperately	ignorant	,	superstitious	,	and	so	deeply	povertystricken	that	the	mere	idea	of	own	land	of	-PRON-	own	seem	to	-PRON-	the	height	of	affluence	.		
-PRON-	go	to	extraordinary	length	in	all	sort	of	graft	,	in	the	sale	of	public	real	estate	,	in	every	"	shenanigan	"	know	to	skillful	lowgrade	politician	.		
-PRON-	ignorance	of	english	together	with	-PRON-	national	clannishness	cause	-PRON-	to	stick	together	in	community	.		
-PRON-	thus	definitely	and	officially	enter	the	movement	.		
a	certain	john	jenkins	have	rob	a	safe	and	be	catch	after	a	long	and	spectacular	pursuit	.		
at	evening	when	the	colour	atmosphere	,	catch	the	last	glow	,	throw	across	the	chiricahuas	-PRON-	veil	of	mystery	,	-PRON-	jingle	in	again	,	two	by	two	,	untired	,	unhast	,	the	glory	of	the	desert	in	-PRON-	deepset	,	steady	eye	.		
-PRON-	ask	.		
"	tell	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	own	word	.	"		
before	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	the	rain	have	begin	.		
"	do	-PRON-	get	that	talk	?	"		
"	here	be	-PRON-	man	,	buck	,	"	say	-PRON-	.		
by	careful	scrutiny	of	the	footing	-PRON-	gain	the	entrance	to	-PRON-	cave	without	mishap	.		
"	there	be	cow	and	calf	in	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	cry	strangely	.		
-PRON-	object	.		
searchin	'	for	worm	,	chasin	'	grasshopper	,	and	wallerin	'	in	the	dust	be	about	the	limit	of	joy	for	chicken	.		
when	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	stop	and	go	into	camp	.		
"	now	,	-PRON-	dear	chap	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	"	let	-PRON-	go	somewhere	for	a	b	&	s	,	and	find	out	about	each	other	.	"		
senor	johnson	kick	-PRON-	savagely	.		
a	dead	silence	fall	on	the	circle	.		
-PRON-	be	after	-PRON-	have	have	considerable	cow	work	,	too	.		
"	but	there	be	a	buck	canon	,	"	-PRON-	plead	.		
suddenly	-PRON-	shiver	in	a	strong	physical	revulsion	.		
this	be	a	nuisance	,	as	-PRON-	bad	to	keep	turn	to	see	if	-PRON-	still	keep	up	.		
"	-PRON-	have	earn	-PRON-	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	"	and	-PRON-	may	have	skip	with	the	whole	wad	.	"		
everybody	shift	position	the	good	to	listen	to	the	story	of	sacatone	bill	.		
-PRON-	know	-PRON-	would	start	across	country	;	and	-PRON-	do	.		
step	by	step	-PRON-	be	force	to	give	waythe	thin	line	of	nervously	plunge	horse	spray	before	the	dense	mass	of	the	cattle	.		
-PRON-	have	to	climb	separate	little	hill	so	as	to	avoid	roll	rock	down	on	each	other	.		
-PRON-	come	over	one	foothill	and	disappear	over	another	.		
"	that	be	about	all	there	be	to	-PRON-	,	"	conclude	colorado	rogers	,	after	a	pause	,	"	except	that	-PRON-	have	be	look	for	-PRON-	ever	since	,	and	when	-PRON-	hear	-PRON-	sing	that	song	-PRON-	naturally	think	-PRON-	would	land	.	"		
parent	do	not	have	to	be	call	-PRON-	name	.	"		
-PRON-	complain	of	a	very	twisted	back	.		
after	-PRON-	get	into	the	swing	of	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	behave	as	well	as	any	man	.		
the	routine	of	life	,	then	,	soon	settle	.		
those	two	hundred	head	bring	in	about	twenty	thousand	dollar	.		
"	-PRON-	be	a	san	simon	cow	,	"	drawl	-PRON-	neighbour	.		
-PRON-	could	tell	-PRON-	thing	about	chickenssay	,	this	yere	bluff	about	rooster	bein	'	gallant	be	all	wrong	.		
-PRON-	be	plumb	discouragin	'	,	and	-PRON-	mighty	nigh	make	up	-PRON-	mind	to	quit	-PRON-	,	but	-PRON-	have	come	to	be	sort	of	pet	,	and	-PRON-	hat	to	turn	-PRON-	down	.		
"	-PRON-	look	like	a	plumb	imposition	,	cavallo	,	"	say	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	,	"	after	an	allday	,	but	-PRON-	sure	do	not	want	to	join	that	outfit	any	more	than	-PRON-	do	the	angel	,	and	if	-PRON-	camp	here	-PRON-	be	likely	to	do	both	.	"		
-PRON-	smile	.		
-PRON-	do	nothing	.	"		
at	tucson	be	schiefflein	and	-PRON-	story	of	a	big	strike	down	in	the	apache	country	.		
"	very	well	,	"	say	buck	johnson	.		
but	billy	simpson	,	in	mind	perhaps	of	the	hundred	ounce	in	the	compassbox	,	insist	that	-PRON-	would	just	as	soon	as	not	.		
-PRON-	may	remember	that	on	-PRON-	journey	over	-PRON-	have	be	force	to	travel	for	some	distance	in	a	narrow	streambed	.		
the	girl	feed	-PRON-	calabash	.		
the	english	hill	be	rounded	and	green	and	curried	,	and	the	sky	be	near	,	and	the	star	only	a	few	mile	up	.		
nevertheless	-PRON-	,	as	an	individual	human	being	,	have	little	to	do	with	-PRON-	.		
the	moment	for	action	have	come	.		
"	this	thing	be	get	to	stop	!	"		
"	-PRON-	do	not	know	,	"	-PRON-	laugh	,	but	still	with	a	tremble	in	-PRON-	tone	.		
senor	johnson	do	not	sleep	.		
"	-PRON-	try	every	man	in	the	district	.	"		
there	be	the	ordinary	problem	of	lean	and	dry	year	.		
the	day	be	already	hot	with	the	dry	,	breathless	,	but	exhilarating	,	heat	of	the	desert	.		
not	the	slight	suspicion	enter	-PRON-	head	.		
"	how	do	-PRON-	,	like	-PRON-	?	"		
"	-PRON-	say	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	up	the	double	r	?	"		
-PRON-	fall	asleep	.		
"	may	be	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	"	but	-PRON-	heel	lame	that	way	make	-PRON-	look	more	like	hobble	.	"		
"	well	,	case	,	"	-PRON-	address	the	barrister	,	"	what	be	-PRON-	this	time	?		
the	figure	of	-PRON-	companion	and	the	yellowbrown	tide	sand	under	-PRON-	foot	,	and	a	consciousness	of	the	blue	and	white	sea	to	-PRON-	left	,	be	all	-PRON-	remember	,	except	when	-PRON-	have	to	pull	-PRON-	together	for	the	purpose	of	cut	fishhook	cactus	.		
a	fat	dutchman	be	stupid	,	but	a	thin	one	be	all	right	.		
just	at	dusk	one	afternoon	-PRON-	finish	cut	the	herd	which	-PRON-	morning	's	drive	have	collect	.		
"	address	as	usual	to	-PRON-	new	york	banker	.	"		
as	-PRON-	bend	forward	,	-PRON-	strong	,	harsh	face	once	more	come	clearly	into	view	.		
and	do	-PRON-	recollect	that	dark	night	when	old	loco	and	-PRON-	warrior	be	camp	at	the	base	of	cochise	's	stronghold	,	and	-PRON-	creep	down	through	the	velvet	dark	wondering	when	-PRON-	would	be	discover	,	-PRON-	mouth	sticky	with	excitement	,	and	the	little	wind	blow	?	"		
as	the	side	also	be	precipitous	,	-PRON-	become	necessary	only	to	build	a	fence	across	the	entrance	into	the	main	canon	to	become	possessed	of	a	corral	completely	closed	in	.		
"	ii	do	not	know	why	"	-PRON-	falter	.		
"	a	little	pasear	,	"	-PRON-	call	-PRON-	,	"	just	to	get	set	for	the	day	.	"		
-PRON-	ride	continually	back	and	forth	,	turn	the	slow	movement	in	on	-PRON-	.		
there	-PRON-	be	hold	for	over	an	hour	while	the	cow	wander	about	look	for	-PRON-	lose	progeny	.		
for	soon	-PRON-	would	have	someone	by	-PRON-	side	with	whom	to	appreciate	-PRON-	.		
"	yes	,	madam	,	that	be	right	,	"	-PRON-	assure	-PRON-	.		
say	-PRON-	.		
denton	be	run	up	the	beach	from	one	direction	and	schwartz	from	the	other	.		
-PRON-	sit	up	as	though	-PRON-	would	be	touch	with	a	hot	poker	,	star	around	wildey	,	and	cut	loose	with	that	song	-PRON-	be	sing	.		
-PRON-	hit	dutchy	's	by	the	back	door	.		
-PRON-	get	the	corps	and	bury	-PRON-	.		
"	why	do	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	?	"		
no	,	this	be	no	dogie	;	and	,	if	-PRON-	be	an	honest	calf	,	there	sure	ought	to	be	a	t	0	cow	around	somewhere	.	"		
"	what	do	-PRON-	mean	?	"		
-PRON-	see	,	when	gentleman	tim	inspect	that	grave	,	-PRON-	note	indication	of	water	;	and	-PRON-	strike	-PRON-	that	runnin	'	the	old	renegade	out	of	business	be	a	neater	way	of	gettin	'	even	than	merely	killin	'	-PRON-	.		
do	-PRON-	bring	-PRON-	?	"		
cry	jed	.		
"	now	-PRON-	get	something	to	come	back	to	,	somebody	to	look	forward	to	.		
if	-PRON-	run	-PRON-	water	entirely	out	before	-PRON-	start	,	-PRON-	be	go	to	be	in	trouble	.		
