I smacked my fist into my palm.		
"No there is no mention made of it here."		
It were tore down by the King's men, Henry, that was, what time he drove the papists out."		
I grinned, then laughed out loud.		
I stooped, got a grip on Foster's coat, and started back, dragging him.		
An aura of dread hangs about him" "Never mind that jazz," I said.		
The globes rushed straight at Foster, ignoring me.		
Then he raised a finger a quarter of an inch.		
He learned fast, and day by day I had seen his old personality reemerge andin spite of my attempts to hold onto the ascendencydominate our partnership.		
Foster turned and went back along the hall to one of the locked doors where he pressed something.		
Maybe that was what I needed.		
"The Pit of the Hunters," Foster said.		
the old man said.		
I sat down on the bed with a lurch.		
Some of the stones must be newly placed ... or else there was a door.		
"I'll warrant it," the soupmaster said.		
"What I don't understand," I said, "is why Gope doesn't mount a couple of guns on the car and blast his way through the raiders.		
The aircars were more useful, since they required no roads, but Gope preferred the ground cars.		
"Come to think of it, the stink is pretty strong, isn't it?		
"Hold it," I snapped.		
I'd been close before, but not like this.		
"The place of BarPonderone has been claimed!"		
Why not just admit we made fools of ourselves?"		
"Then there is nothing I can do, Legion," Foster said, "to reward your loyalty and express my gratitude."		
Let's go."		
More gladiators pushed their way to the Spot, pulled off gailypatterned cloaks and weskits, and waded in.		
"What was it all about?"		
I saw moonlight through a row of high windows, and smelled the fragrance of fresh night air.		
I was trying to hark back to those days three years before when I had loaded the lifeboat with all the loot it would carry, for the trip back to earth.		
I slowed imperceptibly, let him get his front wheels past us, then cut sharply.		
Afterwards, what I'm about to say may make more sense."		
What I got was an office, about sixteen by eighteen, bluecarpeted and tasteful ... but barelooking.		
This was a busy port: scheduled vessels, private yachts, official ships, all of them came and went from OkkHamiloth.		
"I was in some kind of powerhouse," I said.		
A few lonely lights showed on a distant slope.		
Suppose it burnt out my wiring, left me here gibbering, for Smale or the Ruskis to work over?		
A few doors down the street there was a dirty window lettered MAE'S EAT.		
He is a tall man, and silent.		
I dropped the trace in a drawer beside Foster's own memory.		
I asked.		
A shout went up from the floor some distance away.		
I felt consciousness fading, but maybe just one more stroke....        *       *       *       *       * As from a distance I observed the clumsy efforts of the swimmer, watched the flounderings of the poor, untrained creature.... It was apparent that an override of the autonomic system was required.		
My tailoring was impeccable, my command of the language a little rusty from long nonuse, and the only souvenirs I had to declare were a tattered native costume from my last port of call, a quaint weapon from the same, and a small animal I had taken a liking to.		
The cat and I walked across the terrace, passed through the open arch to a refreshment lounge.		
It was beginning to look like somebody had beaten me to the punch.		
"Us natives call it Stonehenge."		
My memorytrace had been reimpressed on my mind.		
I said.		
You know enough now to accept the fact that this isn't entirely a figment of my imagination."		
I hadn't been too startled when the Marines showed up; I had gone over the legal aspects of my situation months before, with a platoon of highpriced legal talent; I knew that sooner or later somebody would come around to hit me for tax evasion, draft dodging, or overtime parking; but I was in the clear.		
But then, maybe I was just imagining that Foster looked younger.		
The four spread out.		
We flashed past magnificent vistas of rugged peaks and rolling plains, but I didn't have time to admire the view.		
I had my shirt and pants and shoes, but no tie or belt.		
I'd been feeding this hulk for thirtyodd years; now it would do what I told it.		
"Did you see anything strange there?"		
"I wonder if perhaps he meant a tenthousandth part of the circumference of the earth?"		
It felt for all the world like I leaned over it and squinted.		
"Who does this bird represent?"		
I got out and got him to the sidewalk.		
"You're my prime responsibility, Legion," he barked.		
I could remember the feelingbut it was gone now.		
One of their number entered the ship.		
"Why?"		
I took the thing from the wall, just as I had seemed to do in the phantom scene the red rod had projected for me.		
The cars settled down gently, wellgrouped, and Torbu and I climbed out.		
The deep carving gave me easy handholds and I made it to the next windowsill without even working up a light sweat.		
"I have an idea this one will hit harder than the others," he said.		
A tiny square of pale light appeared, grew into a huge bay door that swallowed us.		
"North of London, but south of Birmingham.		
"It figures," I said.		
I was still standing, frozen.		
"Can we enlist one of them?"		
"It is no bluff, good Drgon.		
I scrambled down beside him, tugged him back to the level ground.		
The flunkies set up a wail.		
He coughed, his eyes on mine.		
"Look," I said.		
I persisted.		
"To your business then," he continued.		
The hamper whirled away, the cloak fluttered and was gone, then the pirate car seemed to float for an instant in air, before it dropped, wheels up, out of sight over the sheer cliff.		
I didn't waste any time kicking at it; I got a leg up and stood on the doorknob.		
The room reeked of sour soup.		
You were thrown clear.		
I'm glad you're back on your feet.		
"The creature has shown no signs of aggressiveness, General Straut" "With two men dead?"		
There was a tremendous smack of displaced air, and a thunderous boom as the explosive shell struck.		
"Half the messageit's only twenty seconds long, repeatedis in English.		
Margrave was ready to relieve him, after he had exercised every precaution.		
The men were running back now, two of them dragging a third.		
The underside of the gaping lid was an iridescent black.		
"General!		
"All right, Major.		
There was a faint and curious odor in the air, something like chlorine ... or seaweed ... or iodine.		
over?"		
"General Margrave here, Straut.		
A second burst, and a third.		
It might blow them all to kingdom come any second; but what the hell, he had earned his star on sheer guts in Normandy.		
Straut grabbed it up.		
I wouldn't know, myself.		
The jeep" "We'll review that matter at a later date.		
Greer, get those mortars in place, spaced between your tracks."		
"He was killed when the jeep went over."		
"Easy, now, General Straut.		
I'm Professor Lieberman, from the University."		
"I was ... checking over that thin spot, General.		
What's happened to your defensive capabilities?"		
The thing was impervious to artillery; now who was going to say it was no threat?		
If he had the fellow in uniform for five minutes.... "You're not well, General.		
He jerked his head at Greer, strode out of the room.		
There's something in there, alive" "All right, pull yourself together, Major.		
The driver gunned the jeep.		
Keep after it, Bill."		
The lid rocked, pinkish fluid running down its opalescent surface.		
Straut stared at Lieberman with cold fury.		
Over the edge of the gray wall, six feet above his head, a great reddish limb, like the claw of a crab, moved, groping.		
Bring your halftracks into position.		
It's putting out a sort of transmission."		
"You ought to lie down, General" "Who the hell is going to make me?		
The line was quite obvious; in fact, it was more of a crack.		
"I'm right here, sir."		
There were no marks in the ground surrounding the thing.		
Five seconds later, the object erupted in a gout of pale pink debris.		
General Margrave, I'm not incapacitated.		
"What" "Bryant tells me he thinks there may be some sort of correspondence between the two parts of the message.		
Lieberman followed, pleading.		
It was half in and half out of the woods, flatsided, roundended, featureless.		
The rest is gibberish.		
On impulse, he strapped a pistol belt on.		
Open up with your .50 calibers."		
His skull" "What the devil's that racket?"		
Lieberman came up to Straut.		
Everything is all right.		
Something about not destroying scientific material.		
"All right, try that before the lid drops."		
Silence.		
The screeching started up again angrily, then was drowned in the engine roar as the jeep slid to a stop.		
"You men keep back," he said.		
Dust rose from about it.		
He was in command here.		
"Where's Greer?"		
It struck the jeep and flipped it.		
"I'm handling this, Professor.		
We're not unprepared.		
Soft matter spattered, and the claw jerked back.		
Greer arrived, panting.		
If Brigadier General Straut could have this thing wrapped up by the time Washington awoke to the fact that it was something bigwell, he'd been waiting a long time for that second star.		
Straut got to his feet.		
"General, I appeal to you in the name of science.		
The stranger took his arm.		
Hold off a little longer; at least until we learn what the message is about."		
"The driver," Straut said with an effort.		
The noise stopped suddenly; that was a relief.		
It's my job to protect them."		
Major Greer emerged from behind the object, looked about, ran toward General Straut shouting.		
An ultimatum."		
And somebody else asked, "What about the driver?"		
He would show them what leadership meant.		
"General Straut."		
There'll be no more men killed."		
Straut snapped.		
They're still working over it."		
"That was an accident, sir.		
It was heavy, toothe soft soil was displaced in a mound a foot high all along the side.		
Straut saw the gray shape jump, the raised lid waver.		
"How about the mortars, sir?"		
There it is!		
He turned down the narrow way.		
The coupling stood open.		
A string ensemble in a distant corner played restrained tunes that seemed to speak of the gentle faded melancholy of decorous tea dances on longforgotten afternoons.		
Go away."		
They started up the slope.		
The fat man watched as Brett gripped the rope, let himself over the edge.		
"This man ..." "Come on, you fool!"		
It worked.		
The yellowjackets had passed now, and a group of roundthighed girls in satin blouses and black boots and white fur caps glided into view, silent, expressionless.		
*       *       * "Are you trying to make a fool of me?"		
He blinked dully at Brett.		
Bits of flotsama plastic pistol, bridge tallies, a golf bagfloated in the black water.		
Brett got up, seized the fat man's arm.		
Ahead Brett saw a patch of color: a blur of pale yellow.		
He slowed, eyeing Brett and Dhuva warily.		
Fire leaped twenty feet high; in its center the great Gel bucked and writhed.		
They've set fire to the city!		
Brett eased from the seat.		
The waiter busied himself with the cork, removing it with many flourishes, setting a glass before Brett, pouring half an inch of wine.		
"Golems ... You got to get out of sight before the"        *       *       * The man froze, flattened himself against the wall.		
"Perhaps I'd better call the headwaiter, sir," the golem said stiffly.		
"Sorry," he said.		
"When did you come here?"		
It was solid, painted shut.		
"Everything.		
The back was porous, nibbled.		
"I saw it," said Dhuva faintly.		
You never see the Gels, never discover the secret of the golemsbecause you conform.		
But where would he find one?		
Brett went to a window in a grey concrete wall, pulled himself up to peer through the dusty pane, saw a room filled with tailor's forms, garment racks, a bicycle, bundled back issues of magazines without covers.		
In the street, in the shadow of tall buildings, a boxy sedan was parked at the curb.		
"Better give me the gun, sir."		
The Gel loomed, its surface flickeringwaiting.		
He twined the rope around his legs, inched higher.		
It slumped, lashed itself against the pavement.		
"Now, get along with you.		
How high do they tell you it is there?"		
Brett reached up, broke off a piece.		
All the cars were empty.		
What brought you here?"		
Now and then a distant sound came to him: the lonely honk of a horn, a faintly tolling bell, a clatter of hooves.		
He would have to find another way out.		
The redhead spoke with a strange accent.		
What sort of question is that?		
Brett went to them, risked a look inside.		
"I'm Awalawon Dhuva," the redhead said.		
Brett brushed at his suit, straightened his tie, stepped into the room.		
"She said I had everything I needed back in Casperton.		
The couples danced.		
Any flavor you like.		
*       *       *       *       * Winded, Brett and Dhuva walked through the empty streets of the city.		
Dhuva started up, staring around.		
The cop held out a hand.		
I've seen you belch and sweat and scratch.		
From the corner of an eye Brett caught a flicker of motion.		
Behind Brett a voice called in a penetrating whisper: "Quick!		
Doors clashed.		
He could make out individual voices now, an occasional word above the hubbub.		
"Try it."		
"A quiet table in the corner," he said.		
*       *       * After that he watched the ground more closely.		
Soft music came from double doors which stood open on a landing.		
"Shhh," Brett cautioned.		
There was no sign of Dhuva.		
BUY NOWPAY LATER!		
I can't let you down now.		
Brett glanced toward the fat man.		
A small boy darted out into the street, loped along at their side.		
How do I know myself?		
"Hundreds ... thousands ..." "The whole population, it looks like.		
The next door looked easier.		
Then the Gel broke form, slumped, flashed away.		
There were no people in sight; no sounds stirred the hot noontime air.		
Behind them wisps of smoke curled from the door.		
He jammed the coat near, rasped the gun against the soft lead poles.		
He went back to the bed, undid the tiny pearl buttons down the front of the bridal gown, pulled it open.		
Can you walk?"		
He had a red face, a bald scalp blotched with large brown freckles.		
Now a rank of bluesuited policemen followed the majorettes, swinging along silently.		
"Oh, I've seen one at the Tourney.		
He tramped along, the dry plants crackling under his feet, little puffs of dust rising from the dry ground.		
Brett's host was looking at him triumphantly.		
