fraulein	rottenmeier	take	the	seat	beside	-PRON-	and	make	a	sign	to	heidi	to	take	the	one	opposite	.		
then	-PRON-	let	the	child	go	,	and	heidi	run	into	the	next	room	,	and	bid	peter	come	quickly	,	for	-PRON-	have	now	grow	quite	dark	.		
heidi	climb	up	the	steep	path	from	dorfli	as	quickly	as	-PRON-	could	;	-PRON-	be	oblige	,	however	,	to	pause	now	and	again	to	take	breath	,	for	the	basket	-PRON-	carry	be	rather	heavy	,	and	the	way	get	steep	as	-PRON-	draw	nearer	the	top	.		
during	the	first	few	day	that	this	happen	every	room	and	corner	be	search	in	great	alarm	,	to	see	if	anything	have	be	steal	,	for	the	general	idea	be	that	a	thief	have	be	hide	in	the	house	and	have	go	off	in	the	night	with	the	steal	good	;	but	not	a	thing	in	the	house	have	be	touch	,	everything	be	safe	in	-PRON-	place	.		
clara	immediately	scream	out	that	-PRON-	could	not	remain	another	minute	alone	,	-PRON-	father	must	come	home	,	and	fraulein	rottenmeier	must	sleep	in	-PRON-	room	at	night	,	and	heidi	too	must	not	be	leave	by	-PRON-	,	for	the	ghost	may	do	something	to	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	start	talk	again	.		
"	here	be	a	state	of	thing	!	"		
heidi	run	back	quickly	and	give	peter	-PRON-	hand	,	promise	to	go	with	-PRON-	,	and	then	make	-PRON-	way	through	the	goat	-PRON-	once	more	clasped	snowflake	round	the	neck	,	say	in	a	gentle	soothing	voice	,	"	sleep	well	,	snowflake	,	and	remember	that	-PRON-	shall	be	with	-PRON-	again	tomorrow	,	so	-PRON-	must	not	bleat	so	sadly	any	more	.	"		
so	the	autumn	and	winter	pass	,	and	again	the	sun	come	shin	down	on	the	white	wall	of	the	opposite	house	,	and	heidi	would	think	to	-PRON-	that	now	the	time	have	come	for	peter	to	go	out	again	with	the	goat	,	to	where	the	golden	flower	of	the	cistus	be	glow	in	the	sunlight	,	and	all	the	rock	around	turn	to	fire	at	sunset	.		
"	no	,	-PRON-	always	give	-PRON-	back	to	peter	,	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	be	too	hard	,	for	-PRON-	have	see	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	-PRON-	,	"	affirmed	heidi	.		
brigitta	go	with	-PRON-	to	the	door	,	and	there	say	in	rather	a	mysterious	voice	,	"	-PRON-	may	have	keep	on	-PRON-	dress	,	-PRON-	would	have	know	-PRON-	all	right	;	but	-PRON-	must	be	careful	,	for	peter	tell	-PRON-	that	almuncle	be	always	now	in	a	bad	temper	and	never	speak	.	"		
"	do	-PRON-	see	any	other	?	"		
peter	now	understand	the	drift	of	the	old	man	's	question	and	that	-PRON-	be	the	boy	who	behave	like	the	unruly	goat	,	and	-PRON-	look	somewhat	fearfully	towards	the	corner	to	see	if	anything	happen	to	be	there	such	as	-PRON-	use	-PRON-	on	such	occasion	for	the	punishment	of	-PRON-	animal	.		
"	who	be	the	old	goat	?	"		
peter	look	towards	the	cupboard	where	the	bread	and	cheese	be	keep	and	say	crossly	,	"	-PRON-	never	say	that	-PRON-	should	forget	the	x.	"		
tinette	disappear	,	but	soon	come	back	and	call	down	again	to	dete	,	"	come	up	,	-PRON-	be	expect	-PRON-	.	"		
-PRON-	think	-PRON-	eye	must	deceive	-PRON-	,	and	yet	there	-PRON-	be	and	no	mistake	about	-PRON-	.		
then	herr	sesemann	return	to	clara	,	and	beg	-PRON-	to	have	no	more	fear	,	as	-PRON-	would	soon	find	out	all	about	the	ghost	and	put	an	end	to	-PRON-	.		
"	child	,	what	do	this	mean	?	"		
"	do	what	,	peter	?	"		
-PRON-	must	milk	two	bowlful	for	-PRON-	when	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	dinner	,	for	-PRON-	be	go	with	-PRON-	and	will	remain	with	-PRON-	till	-PRON-	return	this	evening	;	but	take	care	-PRON-	do	not	fall	over	any	of	the	rock	,	do	-PRON-	hear	?	"		
in	the	large	space	between	the	stove	and	the	wall	four	plank	have	be	put	together	as	if	to	make	a	large	receptacle	for	apple	;	there	be	no	apple	,	however	,	inside	,	but	something	heidi	have	no	difficulty	in	recognise	,	for	-PRON-	be	-PRON-	very	own	bed	,	with	-PRON-	hay	mattress	and	sheet	,	and	sack	for	a	coverlid	,	just	as	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	up	at	the	hut	.		
"	-PRON-	will	begin	by	explain	to	-PRON-	how	-PRON-	be	to	conduct	-PRON-	at	table	,	"	and	-PRON-	go	on	to	give	heidi	minute	instruction	as	to	all	-PRON-	be	to	do	.		
-PRON-	would	run	away	repeatedly	from	whatev	-PRON-	may	be	do	,	to	listen	to	-PRON-	,	for	nothing	seem	so	strange	and	wonderful	to	-PRON-	as	the	deep	mysterious	sound	in	the	top	of	the	tree	.		
"	grandfather	,	-PRON-	will	be	able	to	do	something	,	will	not	-PRON-	,	so	that	-PRON-	ne	not	be	as	clara	say	,	and	so	that	-PRON-	be	not	oblige	to	go	home	?	"		
"	no	,	-PRON-	would	rather	not	,	"	reply	heidi	firmly	.		
and	heidi	take	the	roll	from	the	basket	and	pile	the	whole	twelve	up	on	grandmother	's	lap	.		
"	what	be	the	matter	?	"		
"	oh	,	no	,	grandfather	,	-PRON-	can	go	back	,	for	grandmamma	tell	-PRON-	so	,	and	so	-PRON-	be	in	the	beautiful	tale	in	-PRON-	bookbut	-PRON-	have	not	hear	that	yet	;	but	-PRON-	shall	be	home	directly	now	,	and	then	-PRON-	will	read	-PRON-	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	will	see	how	beautiful	-PRON-	be	.	"		
-PRON-	have	quite	expect	a	long	and	private	account	of	some	terrible	ghostly	experience	of	-PRON-	during	the	night	,	which	-PRON-	would	have	enjoy	hear	about	in	the	broad	daylight	.		
be	-PRON-	not	right	,	general	?	"		
exclaim	the	grandmother	in	surprise	.		
the	sun	be	up	!		
this	foe	be	indeed	the	prospect	of	the	arrival	of	the	frankfurt	visitor	,	the	thought	of	whom	fill	-PRON-	with	exasperation	.		
peter	remark	scornfully	,	"	-PRON-	dare	say	,	when	no	one	know	even	where	such	people	live	.	"		
"	sesemann	,	"	reply	the	doctor	,	"	consider	what	-PRON-	be	do	!		
-PRON-	be	as	well	verse	also	in	the	way	of	the	animal	,	great	and	small	,	and	have	many	amusing	anecdote	to	tell	of	these	dweller	in	cave	and	hole	and	in	the	top	of	the	fir	tree	.		
-PRON-	go	like	lightning	,	and	when	-PRON-	reach	dorfli	,	which	stand	on	the	direct	road	to	mayenfeld	,	-PRON-	make	up	-PRON-	mind	to	go	on	further	,	for	-PRON-	be	sure	-PRON-	could	not	stop	-PRON-	rapid	descent	without	hurt	-PRON-	and	the	sleigh	too	.		
then	come	the	picture	where	-PRON-	be	see	far	away	from	-PRON-	father	's	house	,	oblige	to	look	after	the	swine	,	and	-PRON-	have	grow	pale	and	thin	from	the	husk	which	be	all	-PRON-	have	to	eat	.		
the	old	woman	give	a	little	sigh	.		
the	grandfather	carry	the	cake	and	the	shawl	and	the	large	sausage	,	and	the	doctor	take	heidi	's	hand	,	so	-PRON-	all	three	start	down	the	mountain	.		
"	-PRON-	must	put	-PRON-	arm	out	in	the	shape	of	a	ring	,	and	clara	must	put	-PRON-	through	-PRON-	and	lean	-PRON-	weight	upon	-PRON-	,	and	whatev	-PRON-	do	,	do	not	let	-PRON-	arm	give	way	;	like	that	.		
but	heidi	give	-PRON-	grandfather	no	peace	till	-PRON-	consent	to	do	what	-PRON-	want	;	-PRON-	sleep	a	great	deal	better	,	-PRON-	say	,	on	-PRON-	bed	of	hay	than	on	-PRON-	fine	pillow	bed	in	frankfurt	.		
"	that	be	right	,	eat	what	-PRON-	can	!	"		
when	at	last	-PRON-	see	that	heidi	be	grow	calm	,	-PRON-	say	,	"	now	-PRON-	want	-PRON-	to	tell	-PRON-	something	.		
"	go	along	now	and	get	into	-PRON-	bath	while	-PRON-	go	and	get	some	milk	;	when	-PRON-	be	together	at	supper	-PRON-	will	tell	-PRON-	all	about	-PRON-	.	"		
"	when	grandmother	go	away	,	-PRON-	shall	want	-PRON-	to	stay	on	with	-PRON-	.	"		
the	grandmother	take	the	child	's	hand	in	-PRON-	and	hold	-PRON-	closely	.		
and	clara	find	a	strange	new	pleasure	in	sit	all	alone	like	this	on	the	mountain	side	,	-PRON-	only	companion	a	little	goat	that	look	to	-PRON-	for	protection	.		
then	heidi	go	on	to	give	-PRON-	an	account	of	the	whole	day	,	and	of	how	delightful	-PRON-	have	all	be	,	and	particularly	describe	the	fire	that	have	burst	out	everywhere	in	the	evening	.		
"	yes	,	sir	,	"	reply	sebastian	,	"	-PRON-	will	see	to	the	matter	as	-PRON-	wish	.	"		
and	then	this	one	get	into	trouble	,	and	cry	,	'	save	-PRON-	,	god	,	for	there	be	none	other	to	help	-PRON-	,	'	and	god	say	,	'	why	do	-PRON-	go	from	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	could	not	help	-PRON-	when	-PRON-	run	away	.	'		
"	twopence	.	"		
as	long	ago	as	when	-PRON-	son	tobias	be	a	child	almuncle	have	rent	the	tumble	down	old	place	.		
the	two	man	could	not	help	laugh	,	and	the	doctor	answer	that	-PRON-	should	never	have	think	-PRON-	.		
at	last	,	after	a	great	deal	of	persuasion	from	fraulein	rottenmeier	,	sebastian	and	john	pluck	up	courage	and	agree	to	sit	up	one	night	in	the	room	next	to	the	large	councilchamber	and	to	watch	and	see	what	would	happen	.		
-PRON-	be	not	allow	,	however	,	a	very	long	interval	of	time	for	consideration	,	for	suddenly	the	sound	of	a	frightful	crash	be	hear	in	the	study	,	follow	by	frantic	cry	for	sebastian	.		
the	boy	say	nothing	but	point	-PRON-	finger	at	heidi	.		
-PRON-	keep	up	-PRON-	courage	!		
but	now	-PRON-	must	have	a	little	talk	together	,	so	dry	-PRON-	tear	and	come	and	stand	in	front	of	-PRON-	,	so	that	-PRON-	may	see	-PRON-	wellthere	,	now	-PRON-	be	happy	again	.	"		
the	door	be	doubly	lock	at	night	,	and	for	further	security	the	wooden	bar	be	fasten	across	-PRON-	;	but	-PRON-	be	no	goodnext	morning	the	door	again	stand	open	.		
all	of	a	sudden	,	before	heidi	expect	-PRON-	,	a	voice	call	out	,	"	mayenfeld	.	"		
"	do	not	-PRON-	want	to	hear	more	about	-PRON-	?	"		
meanwhile	-PRON-	have	be	grow	dark	,	and	-PRON-	have	hardly	come	down	from	the	roof	and	drag	the	sleigh	out	from	behind	the	goatshed	when	heidi	appear	outside	.		
at	last	-PRON-	find	voice	to	call	loudly	,	"	tinette	!		
-PRON-	be	not	a	feeding	place	of	-PRON-	,	for	-PRON-	do	not	care	to	graze	on	flower	.		
a	handsome	bookcase	with	glass	door	explain	why	-PRON-	be	call	the	study	,	and	here	evidently	the	little	girl	be	accustom	to	have	-PRON-	lesson	.		
after	a	few	minute	'	silence	,	heidi	ask	,	"	what	could	-PRON-	take	back	to	-PRON-	?	"		
-PRON-	give	a	little	laugh	.		
"	yes	-PRON-	do	;	-PRON-	be	quite	fresh	.		
"	-PRON-	assure	-PRON-	,	peter	,	"	reply	heidi	,	"	grandfather	know	all	about	-PRON-	.		
grandmamma	be	now	seat	on	-PRON-	sturdy	animal	,	uncle	take	the	bridle	to	lead	-PRON-	down	the	steep	mountain	path	;	-PRON-	beg	-PRON-	not	to	come	far	with	-PRON-	,	but	-PRON-	insist	on	see	-PRON-	safely	as	far	as	dorfli	,	for	the	way	be	precipitous	and	not	without	danger	for	the	rider	,	-PRON-	say	.		
the	doctor	find	great	pleasure	in	-PRON-	companion	's	conversation	,	and	be	astonish	at	-PRON-	knowledge	of	the	plant	that	grow	on	the	mountain	:	-PRON-	know	the	us	of	-PRON-	all	,	from	the	aromatic	fir	tree	and	the	dark	pine	with	-PRON-	scented	needle	,	to	the	curly	moss	that	spring	up	everywhere	about	the	root	of	the	tree	and	the	small	plant	and	tiny	flower	.		
the	old	woman	have	detect	that	heidi	be	frighten	and	be	anxious	to	set	-PRON-	mind	at	ease	.		
here	be	some	one	,	"	exclaim	herr	sesemann	,	"	who	will	help	to	clear	up	matter	for	-PRON-	.		
"	but	if	-PRON-	be	god	-PRON-	who	have	send	the	trouble	,	what	can	-PRON-	say	to	-PRON-	then	?	"		
then	heidi	tell	-PRON-	of	the	mountain	with	the	great	snowfield	,	and	how	-PRON-	have	be	on	fire	,	and	have	turn	rosyr	and	then	all	of	a	sudden	have	grow	quite	pale	again	and	all	the	color	have	disappear	.		
"	why	,	-PRON-	do	not	know	anything	about	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	see	,	"	laugh	herr	sesemann	.		
so	-PRON-	may	take	-PRON-	time	about	return	,	which	-PRON-	do	,	and	reach	dorfli	just	as	heidi	have	get	home	from	school	and	be	sit	at	dinner	with	-PRON-	grandfather	.		
the	winter	continues	peter	arrive	punctually	at	school	the	follow	day	.		
heidi	then	describe	to	-PRON-	the	rocky	mountain	with	the	two	high	peak	so	exactly	that	the	grandfather	be	delighted	.		
say	clara	hesitatingly	,	but	-PRON-	follow	heidi	's	advice	and	venture	one	firm	step	on	the	ground	and	then	another	;	-PRON-	call	out	a	little	as	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	;	then	-PRON-	lift	-PRON-	foot	again	and	go	on	,	"	oh	,	that	be	less	painful	already	,	"	-PRON-	exclaim	joyfully	.		
why	have	-PRON-	leave	off	pray	?	"		
-PRON-	be	already	dark	,	when	elsbeth	finally	come	to	-PRON-	and	could	think	of	-PRON-	child	.		
"	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	will	go	to	the	pastor	,	who	have	already	give	-PRON-	advice	,	"	say	-PRON-	mother	,	delight	to	have	find	a	way	out	of	the	difficulty	.		
so	-PRON-	hurry	back	to	the	house	,	take	a	little	bread	and	milk	and	start	on	-PRON-	way	again	.		
but	then	-PRON-	run	right	away	in	order	to	get	back	without	be	wet	,	and	do	not	trouble	-PRON-	further	about	the	boy	.		
"	yes	,	yes	,	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	,	toni	,	"	reply	-PRON-	mother	with	a	sigh	,	"	but	do	-PRON-	hear	what	the	woodcarver	say	?	"		
then	the	man	take	the	wooden	jug	,	swing	the	milkpail	on	-PRON-	back	and	go	out	.		
for	five	year	the	family	live	in	harmony	and	undisturbed	peace	.		
the	herdsman	turn	off	to	the	left	with	the	big	herd	,	and	the	man	go	with	toni	up	towards	the	right	,	follow	by	the	small	herd	,	which	consist	of	few	cow	but	many	young	cattle	,	for	not	many	cow	could	be	keep	on	the	small	mountain	pasture	,	because	the	milk	have	to	be	carry	across	to	the	big	one	where	the	herdsman	's	hut	stand	.		
-PRON-	receive	no	answer	.		
toni	be	so	alarmed	-PRON-	could	hardly	breathe	.		
toni	follow	-PRON-	.		
the	mother	run	to	-PRON-	toni	and	try	to	seize	-PRON-	hand	.		
-PRON-	be	not	long	before	the	work	be	finish	.		
"	oh	,	-PRON-	god	!	"		
the	last	ray	of	the	set	sun	fall	across	the	meadow	and	the	sound	of	the	evening	bell	come	up	from	kandergrund	.		
-PRON-	mother	too	begin	to	consider	.		
the	wrestler	would	often	call	to	-PRON-	:	"	come	and	play	!	"		
-PRON-	can	go	up	to	the	small	mountain	with	the	cow	.		
"	now	-PRON-	will	try	one	thing	more	,	"	-PRON-	say	one	morning	to	-PRON-	wife	.		
-PRON-	quickly	try	to	draw	-PRON-	,	too	,	with	-PRON-	pencil	and	at	home	continue	draw	the	animal	again	and	again	as	long	as	-PRON-	have	a	bit	of	paper	.		
the	farmer	harness	immediately	,	glad	that	further	responsibility	be	take	from	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	have	only	to	carry	toni	as	far	as	the	railway	.		
repeat	the	doctor	over	and	over	again	.		
-PRON-	have	have	only	the	one	child	and	could	so	well	understand	the	mother	's	trouble	.		
but	all	around	both	pasture	great	dark	mass	of	mountain	look	down	,	some	rocky	,	gray	and	jagged	,	other	cover	with	snow	,	all	reach	up	to	the	sky	,	so	high	and	mighty	and	with	such	different	peak	and	horn	and	some	with	such	broad	back	,	that	-PRON-	almost	seem	to	toni	as	if	-PRON-	be	enormous	giant	,	each	one	have	-PRON-	own	face	and	look	down	at	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	forget	everything	around	-PRON-	.		
thus	the	year	pass	by	.		
then	suddenly	the	thought	come	to	-PRON-	that	if	-PRON-	be	of	wood	-PRON-	could	stand	.		
now	-PRON-	be	go	for	father	!	"		
the	farmer	be	very	friendly	,	and	think	-PRON-	goat	be	now	by	far	one	of	the	fine	,	because	-PRON-	have	have	good	fodder	so	long	.		
"	do	not	go	to	the	farmer	!		
have	-PRON-	no	taste	for	some	other	occupation	?		
then	-PRON-	start	down	to	interlaken	.		
but	when	elsbeth	ask	after	-PRON-	toni	,	-PRON-	break	off	abruptly	and	say	-PRON-	have	so	much	to	do	,	-PRON-	must	go	to	the	pastor	,	for	-PRON-	would	have	the	good	knowledge	about	the	boy	.		
do	not	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	mother	any	more	?	"		
"	can	not	-PRON-	speak	?		
many	day	of	thunder	storm	follow	,	one	after	another	and	if	the	sun	come	out	between	,	-PRON-	burn	unbearably	,	and	new	storm	follow	so	unceasingly	and	violent	,	that	the	herdsman	,	on	the	other	mountain	often	say	that	-PRON-	have	not	know	such	a	summer	for	year	,	and	if	-PRON-	do	not	change	-PRON-	would	not	make	half	so	much	butter	as	in	former	summer	,	because	the	cow	give	no	milk	,	as	-PRON-	do	not	like	the	fodder	.		
so	the	time	pass	.		
but	that	really	can	not	be	.		
the	man	come	and	go	.		
-PRON-	be	very	hard	for	-PRON-	to	leave	-PRON-	mother	and	remain	away	from	-PRON-	so	much	.		
near	the	hut	in	the	little	shed	be	the	goat	,	the	milk	of	which	supply	food	for	the	mother	and	child	,	while	the	father	receive	-PRON-	board	through	the	week	on	the	farm	where	-PRON-	work	from	morning	until	night	.		
then	lively	little	marie	jump	down	from	-PRON-	chair	and	come	to	toni	with	a	large	piece	of	bread	and	butter	.		
then	the	pastor	sit	down	,	write	a	letter	and	say	to	the	herdsman	's	boy	:	"	go	back	to	the	matten	farm	and	tell	the	farmer	to	harness	-PRON-	little	carriage	and	send	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	,	and	then	-PRON-	will	see	that	toni	go	today	to	bern	.		
toneli	repeat	the	prayer	.		
soon	the	doctor	appear	,	and	after	-PRON-	have	prepare	the	mother	not	to	expect	toni	to	speak	at	the	first	moment	,	-PRON-	bring	-PRON-	in	.		
-PRON-	have	no	great	wish	than	to	see	-PRON-	mother	happy	and	contented	.		
there	stand	a	little	hut	.		
toni	be	never	so	content	as	when	-PRON-	be	sit	in	the	little	stone	hut	with	-PRON-	carving	and	-PRON-	mother	come	in	and	out	happily	employ	,	always	say	a	kindly	word	to	-PRON-	and	finally	sit	down	beside	-PRON-	at	-PRON-	spinningwheel	.		
the	child	obey	.		
the	pastor	receive	-PRON-	very	cordially	,	have	-PRON-	sit	down	beside	-PRON-	and	enquire	with	interest	about	-PRON-	affair	,	for	-PRON-	know	elsbeth	and	how	bravely	-PRON-	have	help	-PRON-	through	all	the	hard	time	.		
-PRON-	be	not	accustom	to	the	way	of	the	other	boy	since	-PRON-	have	be	constantly	alone	with	-PRON-	quietly	work	mother	and	use	to	perform	definite	task	continually	without	any	noise	.		
do	not	forget	to	pray	,	when	the	day	begin	,	and	when	-PRON-	end	,	and	the	dear	lord	will	not	forget	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	protection	be	good	than	that	of	man	.	"		
-PRON-	call	up	to	the	boy	,	but	receive	no	answer	.		
"	-PRON-	must	go	to	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	must	help	-PRON-	and	see	about	bring	-PRON-	home	.	"		
when	-PRON-	mother	finish	speak	,	the	woodcarver	say	-PRON-	seem	to	-PRON-	as	if	-PRON-	think	the	affair	would	half	go	of	-PRON-	,	but	-PRON-	be	not	so	.		
"	oh	,	-PRON-	lord	,	"	exclaim	elsbeth	,	"	many	hundred	time	-PRON-	have	repeat	-PRON-	beside	-PRON-	little	bed	,	when	-PRON-	be	very	small	,	often	with	many	tear	,	and	-PRON-	would	weep	too	,	when	-PRON-	do	not	know	why	.	"		
toni	and	the	man	step	inside	.		
the	necessary	expense	of	board	and	instruction	be	beyond	anything	that	-PRON-	could	manage	,	so	much	so	that	-PRON-	be	quite	out	of	the	question	.		
-PRON-	speak	kindly	to	-PRON-	and	invite	-PRON-	to	come	to	the	table	and	eat	something	with	-PRON-	child	.		
the	mother	put	on	-PRON-	shawl	,	tie	on	-PRON-	good	apron	and	step	out	of	the	house	.		
a	king	could	not	have	anything	good	.	"		
when	-PRON-	have	be	four	week	in	the	sanitarium	all	hope	disappear	,	for	the	doctor	have	exhaust	every	mean	.		
-PRON-	still	cling	to	-PRON-	with	the	same	love	,	help	-PRON-	in	every	way	as	well	as	-PRON-	could	and	spend	-PRON-	life	beside	-PRON-	,	entirely	at	-PRON-	quiet	occupation	,	in	which	-PRON-	gradually	acquire	a	quite	gratifying	skill	.		
-PRON-	be	wholly	inconceivable	,	quite	incomprehensible	!	"		
"	-PRON-	have	write	to	-PRON-	friend	,	the	pastor	,	and	ask	-PRON-	if	the	boy	be	very	much	attach	to	-PRON-	mother	,	and	if	so	,	to	send	for	-PRON-	right	away	.		
-PRON-	have	become	perfectly	quiet	.		
if	-PRON-	will	only	let	-PRON-	be	a	woodcarver	,	-PRON-	will	work	so	hard	,	that	-PRON-	will	earn	enough	,	and	-PRON-	will	not	have	to	do	so	much	,	and	then	-PRON-	can	stay	at	home	with	-PRON-	.		
the	one	-PRON-	have	with	-PRON-	be	a	strong	,	sturdy	fellow	of	sixteen	year	.		
toni	have	long	since	flee	into	the	hut	,	but	the	lightning	show	-PRON-	the	frightful	form	and	-PRON-	seem	every	minute	as	if	the	roll	thunder	would	overthrow	the	hut	to	the	ground	.		
elsbeth	step	up	to	-PRON-	.		
then	-PRON-	come	out	again	,	sit	down	on	the	ground	and	carve	on	a	piece	of	wood	-PRON-	have	in	-PRON-	pocket	,	for	although	-PRON-	no	longer	dare	to	cherish	the	hope	of	become	a	woodcarver	,	yet	-PRON-	could	not	help	carve	for	-PRON-	as	well	as	-PRON-	could	.		
"	then	-PRON-	will	go	too	,	"	reply	toneli	,	start	"	yes	,	yes	,	-PRON-	shall	go	there	too	,	"	promise	-PRON-	mother	,	"	but	now	-PRON-	must	first	go	home	to	the	stone	hut	,	"	and	without	a	word	-PRON-	go	with	the	little	one	back	to	the	silent	cottage	.		
the	herd	have	already	be	climb	the	mountain	for	several	hour	.		
toneli	remain	unmoved	.		
-PRON-	think	of	-PRON-	mother	,	where	-PRON-	be	now	and	how	-PRON-	be	in	the	habit	of	stand	with	-PRON-	at	this	time	in	front	of	the	little	cottage	and	talk	so	pleasantly	.		
in	the	first	week	of	september	the	last	guest	leave	the	hotel	in	interlaken	where	elsbeth	have	spend	the	summer	.		
"	see	,	-PRON-	must	do	so	,	"	and	the	little	girl	bite	a	good	piece	from	the	bread	and	hold	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	,	then	again	a	little	nearer	,	so	-PRON-	only	need	to	bite	into	-PRON-	.		
on	the	other	rock	stand	a	hunter	,	-PRON-	gun	hang	by	-PRON-	side	,	and	-PRON-	hat	,	with	even	a	feather	in	-PRON-	,	sit	on	-PRON-	head	,	all	so	finely	carve	,	that	one	would	think	-PRON-	must	be	a	real	hat	and	a	real	little	feather	,	and	yet	all	be	of	wood	.		
"	now	-PRON-	understand	how	-PRON-	be	arouse	by	these	word	.		
here	live	the	honest	daylaborer	toni	,	who	conduct	-PRON-	well	in	every	farmhouse	,	where	-PRON-	go	to	work	,	for	-PRON-	be	quiet	and	industrious	,	punctual	at	-PRON-	task	,	and	reliable	in	every	way	.		
"	that	be	fortunate	,	"	continue	the	farmer	.		
-PRON-	draw	back	and	press	into	the	corner	star	into	vacancy	.		
the	little	one	be	still	sit	beside	-PRON-	on	the	ground	,	with	both	hand	press	to	-PRON-	eye	,	and	sob	pitifully	.		
the	mother	find	-PRON-	at	last	;	-PRON-	have	suspect	that	-PRON-	have	take	refuge	in	paula	's	room	.		
"	do	tell	-PRON-	,	doctor	,	will	-PRON-	arm	be	lame	?		
dora	!		
and	wili	and	lili	jump	about	more	than	ever	,	cry	out	,	"	yes	,	yes	,	rolf	write	-PRON-	,	but	-PRON-	plan	-PRON-	all	out	and	-PRON-	make	the	verse	,	and	jule	put	up	the	pole	and	then	-PRON-	fetch	the	fir	twig	.	"		
"	well	,	then	try	this	one	,	try	hard	.		
then	-PRON-	be	as	old	as	paula	;	"	say	lili	regretfully	,	who	have	hop	that	dora	would	belong	to	-PRON-	in	every	respect	,	even	in	age	.		
aunt	ninette	be	much	gratify	by	this	courtesy	,	and	accept	-PRON-	with	pleasure	;	quite	forget	the	noise	of	the	child	,	which	have	be	so	great	a	bugbear	to	-PRON-	.		
"	there	be	just	such	a	dwelling	as	-PRON-	describe	,	now	ready	for	lodger	.		
-PRON-	have	such	an	experience	-PRON-	,	and	the	memory	of	that	happy	time	be	dear	to	-PRON-	even	now	!	"		
if	-PRON-	have	only	move	away	at	once	!		
then	wili	repeat	after	-PRON-	mother	a	short	prayer	,	and	never	have	-PRON-	pray	so	earnestly	as	now	,	with	-PRON-	heart	full	of	dread	for	the	result	of	-PRON-	naughty	conduct	.		
-PRON-	be	arrange	that	directly	after	dinner	dora	should	go	over	into	the	garden	,	and	stay	there	till	late	in	the	evening	.		
"	-PRON-	will	make	-PRON-	a	proposal	,	-PRON-	son	,	"	say	uncle	titus	,	as	-PRON-	rise	from	-PRON-	seat	,	and	prepare	to	return	to	the	cottage	;	"	come	to	-PRON-	here	every	evening	,	and	bring	-PRON-	the	fresh	set	.		
ask	the	father	,	when	-PRON-	be	at	last	all	busy	over	-PRON-	plate	.		
"	so	the	year	pass	,	and	no	thought	of	come	sorrow	and	separation	cross	-PRON-	young	life	,	until	one	day	,	when	-PRON-	be	nearly	twelve	year	old	,	-PRON-	father	tell	mei	remember	the	very	spot	in	the	garden	where	-PRON-	be	stand	at	that	momentthat	mr.	blank	,	lili	's	father	,	be	about	to	give	up	-PRON-	factory	and	return	to	germany	.		
but	-PRON-	mother	would	not	admit	the	resemblance	.		
"	now	see	,	-PRON-	can	,	"	say	the	little	boy	,	who	do	not	like	to	be	call	stupid	,	and	-PRON-	tie	-PRON-	handkerchief	round	the	neck	of	the	long	suffering	nutcracker	and	drag	-PRON-	after	-PRON-	up	and	down	the	room	,	lift	-PRON-	up	now	and	then	at	regular	interval	.		
have	-PRON-	quite	forget	-PRON-	father	's	verse	?	"		
"	oh	aunty	,	look	!		
to	lose	lili	,	and	to	have	-PRON-	lose	all	-PRON-	property	,	be	two	thing	which	make	-PRON-	life	unhappy	for	a	long	,	long	time	.		
and	from	these	heavenly	messenger	the	lonely	child	gain	nightly	comfort	when	-PRON-	climb	to	-PRON-	little	chamber	in	the	roof	,	with	-PRON-	feeble	candle	for	-PRON-	only	companion	.		
"	something	be	amiss	,	"	say	the	man	to	-PRON-	;	and	take	a	long	beanpole	on	-PRON-	shoulder	,	in	case	-PRON-	should	be	need	,	-PRON-	follow	schnurri	to	the	washhouse	.		
-PRON-	higher	still	!	"		
the	mother	be	silent	;	a	very	sad	expression	rest	upon	-PRON-	face	.		
but	never	again	do	-PRON-	dare	even	to	speak	of	music	,	no	matter	how	eagerly	-PRON-	have	listen	to	the	piano	,	during	-PRON-	long	sewing	lesson	.		
-PRON-	come	back	at	once	at	the	sound	of	-PRON-	aunt	's	voice	,	and	take	-PRON-	appoint	place	at	the	window	where	-PRON-	be	to	sit	and	sew	all	day	.		
-PRON-	carry	the	bow	back	to	-PRON-	place	in	silence	.		
-PRON-	promise	to	be	always	true	to	each	other	,	and	to	use	every	effort	to	meet	again	;	and	then	-PRON-	sit	down	together	and	compose	a	last	poem	,	for	-PRON-	have	often	write	verse	together	.		
but	-PRON-	be	a	long	time	before	the	impression	be	efface	from	the	child	's	imagination	.		
-PRON-	assure	-PRON-	that	the	wound	be	do	perfectly	well	,	and	that	there	be	not	the	slight	danger	of	any	permanent	stiffness	of	the	arm	;	though	-PRON-	laughingly	own	that	-PRON-	have	make	the	bad	of	-PRON-	to	dora	,	in	order	to	impress	-PRON-	with	caution	for	the	future	.		
poor	little	dora	!		
"	no	;	miss	hanenwinkel	will	not	teach	-PRON-	another	till	-PRON-	have	learn	-PRON-	exercise	better	;	but	-PRON-	know	what	-PRON-	will	do	,	dora	,	just	wait	till	tomorrow	,	and	then	-PRON-	will	give	-PRON-	music	lesson	,	and	-PRON-	will	learn	ever	so	many	tune	.		
"	no	,	rolf	"	-PRON-	say	quickly	,	"	thank	-PRON-	very	much	,	but	no	more	tonight	.		
"	-PRON-	combine	the	agreeable	with	the	useful	,	"	say	julius	gaily	,	return	-PRON-	father	's	embrace	.		
stop	!		
"	yes	,	decidedly	;	"	reply	mrs.	ehrenreich	,	"	-PRON-	shall	move	on	monday	.	"		
"	-PRON-	be	fully	convinced	of	the	absolute	necessity	of	-PRON-	immediate	departure	,	"	say	aunt	ninette	,	with	emphasis	.		
dora	spring	up	hastily	when	-PRON-	notice	how	dark	-PRON-	have	grow	,	and	recollect	that	-PRON-	aunt	would	be	expect	-PRON-	.		
then	follow	a	long	,	long	winter	with	-PRON-	cold	and	darkness	;	such	cold	that	dora	often	think	that	even	the	hot	summer	day	be	good	,	for	-PRON-	no	longer	dare	to	open	the	window	to	look	for	-PRON-	friend	the	star	,	and	often	-PRON-	could	hardly	get	to	sleep	,	-PRON-	be	so	cold	in	the	little	room	,	under	the	roof	.		
the	consequence	may	be	very	serious	,	and	the	matter	must	not	be	lightly	treat	.		
the	sound	of	the	family	come	back	from	church	,	add	to	-PRON-	embarrassment	.		
-PRON-	look	like	an	enchanted	spot	,	and	now	for	-PRON-	favorite	appletree	.	"		
but	gonocome	here	to	the	water	.		
the	doctor	come	as	quickly	as	possible	.		
-PRON-	can	never	sew	any	more	,	nor	do	anything	else	!		
the	idea	of	this	come	freedom	almost	overcome	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	bewilder	delight	,	after	all	those	long	,	long	day	in	the	seamstress	'	little	,	stifle	room	.		
for	-PRON-	have	no	such	outfit	for	-PRON-	doll	as	-PRON-	child	have	now	,	no	sofa	and	chair	and	other	furniture	.		
"	why	,	-PRON-	can	coverwellthe	shell	cover	-PRON-	.	"		
-PRON-	defend	-PRON-	to	the	good	of	-PRON-	ability	.		
-PRON-	go	on	down	stair	still	laugh	,	and	just	at	the	front	door	meet	-PRON-	mother	.		
-PRON-	gather	up	-PRON-	work	and	book	,	and	return	slowly	to	the	house	under	the	triumphal	arch	that	still	span	the	gardendoor	of	the	house	.		
but	what	will	be	the	end	if	this	be	the	beginning	?		
cry	-PRON-	mother	,	now	thoroughly	alarm	,	for	-PRON-	instantly	recall	have	see	the	doctor	hurry	by	to	the	cottage	when	-PRON-	be	at	dinner	.		
a	frightful	deed	.		
however	,	perhaps	there	would	be	less	noise	over	the	hedge	after	this	,	and	the	window	could	be	open	!		
and	before	dora	could	protest	,	the	indefatigable	riddlemaker	declaim	:	    	"	-PRON-	fickle	first	be	say	to	be	     	england	's	highroad	of	industry	;	     	but	germany	deny	the	same	     	and	with	a	key	-PRON-	make	-PRON-	claim	.		
and	-PRON-	read	-PRON-	aloud	.		
meantime	,	schnurri	,	all	drippingwet	,	run	to	the	shed	where	battiste	be	shape	beanpole	for	the	kitchen	garden	.		
"	there	,	there	,	-PRON-	hope	-PRON-	do	not	hurt	-PRON-	,	"	-PRON-	say	,	tap	the	frightened	child	upon	the	shoulder	.		
lately	-PRON-	have	not	think	of	-PRON-	at	all	,	but	tell	-PRON-	the	story	of	-PRON-	early	friendship	,	bring	-PRON-	again	to	-PRON-	mind	.		
do	not	go	too	high	up	,	but	stay	there	six	week	at	least	.		
"	-PRON-	believe	-PRON-	have	a	riddlefever	,	and	one	catch	-PRON-	from	another	.		
-PRON-	father	have	tell	-PRON-	that	god	would	always	help	those	who	trust	-PRON-	and	pray	to	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	have	no	fear	.		
cry	aunt	ninette	in	-PRON-	most	plaintive	tone	,	run	down	the	stair	to	overtake	-PRON-	.		
go	down	stair	,	-PRON-	meet	miss	hanenwinkel	.		
if	-PRON-	choice	fall	on	the	twin	,	-PRON-	will	be	tear	in	two	,	and	as	to	little	hunne	;	if	-PRON-	go	with	-PRON-	-PRON-	will	talk	-PRON-	deaf	!	"		
those	visit	seem	to	-PRON-	like	prolonged	festival	.		
hunne	carefully	divide	each	kernel	,	give	one	half	to	jule	,	while	-PRON-	pop	the	other	into	-PRON-	own	little	mouth	.		
-PRON-	timidity	come	back	again	,	at	see	the	parent	,	for	-PRON-	have	expect	to	see	only	the	child	.		
say	uncle	titus	tap	the	lad	kindly	on	the	shoulder	.		
then	-PRON-	explain	to	lili	that	when	-PRON-	have	enough	water	,	-PRON-	could	push	the	spout	away	from	the	log	,	and	when	-PRON-	want	-PRON-	again	,	-PRON-	could	lift	-PRON-	up	and	put	-PRON-	into	the	log	-PRON-	.		
before	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	,	the	time	have	come	,	and	-PRON-	aunt	say	,	"	now	,	dora	,	-PRON-	can	go	!	"		
-PRON-	rush	back	to	the	house	,	call	out	,	"	jule	,	paula	,	do	-PRON-	know	that	the	twin	shoot	a	child	yesterday	?	"		
when	the	widow	have	talk	-PRON-	out	,	mrs.	birkenfeld	ask	if	-PRON-	could	speak	to	the	lady	,	and	to	the	little	girl	who	have	be	hurt	.		
mrs.	ehrenreich	write	immediately	,	set	forth	-PRON-	wish	at	full	length	and	in	great	detail	.		
here	lili	find	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	plant	-PRON-	before	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	hand	behind	-PRON-	back	,	just	as	-PRON-	have	see	-PRON-	papa	stand	,	when	give	order	.		
-PRON-	aunt	cast	a	rapid	glance	from	the	window	,	and	see	that	this	be	true	;	everything	be	dark	,	even	the	last	lantern	extinguish	.		
at	this	moment	the	big	bell	ring	for	supper	.		
early	the	next	day	,	as	julius	be	clatter	along	the	passage	with	-PRON-	big	ridingboot	and	spur	,	-PRON-	hear	the	sound	of	practise	in	the	schoolroom	,	and	know	that	miss	hanenwinkel	do	not	give	lesson	at	this	hour	,	-PRON-	push	open	the	door	to	see	what	be	go	on	.		
stop	play	with	the	nut	and	-PRON-	will	crack	some	more	for	-PRON-	bye	and	bye	.		
suddenly	a	new	fear	seize	-PRON-	.		
but	-PRON-	do	not	wake	up	,	except	to	find	that	-PRON-	plate	have	be	load	with	good	thing	,	so	very	real	,	that	all	anxiety	pass	away	,	and	-PRON-	realize	that	-PRON-	be	live	,	and	live	remarkably	well	,	into	the	bargain	.		
-PRON-	look	at	each	other	in	great	fright	.		
