"Things unexpectedthings unforeseen."		
"What could be wrong?		
He felt no urge for the old man's silent company and turned back into his room to prepare for slumber.		
What a day that was!		
"Then say it!		
"Leucon, who is called the Grey Weaver, told me," she explained smiling.		
He raised his hand as Dan appeared.		
Promise me!"		
There are no cities here."		
"She broke a law," replied the girl tonelessly.		
It's a law!"		
"Why, foolish one!		
"What song is that?"		
He struggled to his knees; wallsLudwig's roomencompassed him; he must have slipped from the chair.		
She spoke.		
She leaned very close.		
"I love her too," said Dan.		
"I don't know."		
"Who are you?"		
Forgotten now were the words of the Grey Weaver.		
Dan ceased his questioning, content for the moment to drink in the beauty about him and then Galatea returned bearing a crystal bowl of the strange fruits.		
Galatea was dancing up the path, eating a strange fruit as rosy as her lips.		
For this is impossible in Paracosma; it is a confliction with the laws.		
growled Leucon.		
"I was told," said the other.		
She stood suddenly erect, pallid as an ivory carving.		
She tossed it in his startled face and skipped on.		
But she yielded finally to the law, and is forever unhappy, and goes wandering from place to place about the world."		
The house and trees were always here."		
A law forbids it!"		
muttered Dan.		
And when the story is recorded, then I put the solution in my spectaclemy movie projector.		
"Shadow land?"		
She laughed and chose a similar morsel; biting a tiny puncture in the end, she squeezed the contents into her mouth.		
She stretched out her bare arm.		
They'll return some day."		
he queried.		
No!		
Eagerness crept into his voice.		
He followed her with his burden of fruit; his mind was once more in a turmoil of doubt and perplexity.		
She shook her head.		
He noted in sudden concern that her eyes were glistening with tears.		
Galatea twisted him a brightblossomed garland for his head, and thereafter he moved always with a sweet singing about him.		
A little copse appeared ahead, not of the gigantic forest trees, but of lesser growths, bearing flowers and fruits of iridescent colors, and a tiny brook bubbled through.		
Galatea said.		
They were piled in colorful disorder, red, purple, orange and yellow, pearshaped, eggshaped, and clustered spheroidsfantastic, unearthly.		
he told himself.		
That is a law."		
"Of course."		
"I can't, dearest one!		
She stared at him dumbly, miserably, but made no sound.		
"Why, this is Paracosma, of course, and this is our language."		
A faint smile showed again on her lips as she dropped a metal covering over the shining sphere.		
asked Dan.		
"Leucon calls!"		
"A man and a woman live off there," she said, gesturing toward a distant blue range of hills dim on the horizon.		
"Galatea, what place is this?		
*       *       *       *       * Almost instantly, it seemed, the dawn was upon him and bright elfin pipings were all about him, while the odd ruddy sun sent a broad slanting plane of light across the room.		
He was over the river now, on the forest bank, running through columned vistas that whirled about him like mist.		
"Then woe to both of you!		
He felt a sense of foreboding; nothing pleasant awaited him.		
"You will look at it, Mr.?"		
I shall be sorry, very sorry."		
gasped Dan.		
Oh, it must be!"		
"By a law."		
A flash of silver beyond the river, at the edge of the forest.		
"He weaves it out of metal bars on a very clever machine.		
Then the sun was hidden; the shadow fingers darkened the meadow; of a sudden the flowers were still, and the brook gurgled alone in a world of silence.		
See!"		
She moved toward the door, and there paused, taking his hand.		
He thrust her away.		
"Leucon is very wise and I am bound to obey him, but this is beyond his wisdom because he let himself grow old."		
she said tensely.		
"A name?"		
Dan uttered puzzled words of thanks, and the old man nodded, reseating himself on the carven bench; Galatea skipped through the arched entrance, and Dan, after an irresolute moment, dropped to the remaining bench.		
Dan thought a moment.		
A faint, deliciously sweet perfume breathed against him; he glanced up to watch the opening of a great crimson blossom on the nearest tree, and a tiny reddish sun edged into the circle of sky above him.		
Violation is always unhappiness.		
"Not where I live, Galatea."		
Her lovely, piquant face was still troubled.		
"Why not?"		
Permitted by whom?"		
A little creature about as big as a large rat, it was, gray and huddled and evidently startled by our appearance.		
Just at evening, as the sun dropped behind the horizon with the suddenness of a candle falling into the sea, the auxiliary flashed out of the southern heavens, easing gently down on the flaming wings of the underjets.		
"They don't know about atomic energy.		
Tweel's people have a different system from any of us."		
"But beside me I heard Leroy's cry of 'Yvonne!		
So we did.		
he echoed.		
"Queer, isn't itas if Mother Nature were carrying on two experiments, one at home and one on Mars.		
"I think the symbol was Exploration or Discovery.		
"Close to what corresponds to the Antarctic circle.		
I tell you, one moment we were looking at a grey valley covered with blobby plants, and the nextLord!		
My guess at the city's ageand it may be wrong by a big percentagewould be fifteen thousand years.		
"A ruin, eh?"		
Tweel fumed and whistled in wrath, picked up the volume and slammed it into place on a shelf full of others.		
"Well, damage by meteorites must be slow, anyway.		
Tweel's civilization is decadent, that's the reason.		
The place was as quiet as a grave, but we kept imagining things and peeping down the dark lanes between buildings and looking over our shoulders.		
The creatures have been bred to it!"		
Far above us a little crack let in a pallid ray of daylight, not nearly enough to light the place; I couldn't even see if the hall rose clear to the distant roof.		
Then we broke for the door!		
"More or less," agreed Jarvis.		
As a display of architectural power, the city was colossal; as anything else it was just nutty!		
Every good impulse, yesbut also every nasty little wish, every vicious thought, everything you'd ever desired, good or bad!		
He had come leaping from behind; as I crashed down I saw him flash over me straight towardtoward what I'd been running to, with his vicious beak pointed right at her heart!"		
"Never mind that.		
"That's primitive!"		
They dropped to a sitting posture, waiting for their bodies, trained by months in acclimatization chambers back on earth, to accommodate themselves to the tenuous air.		
"The desert was spottedwith buildings!		
The captain was sputtering.		
When I scrambled up, that particular image was gone, and Tweel was in a twist of black ropey arms, just as when I first saw him.		
"Huh?"		
No breet'!'		
"Look hereon the earth we have three types of society, haven't we?		
"Yeah: Tweel's people reproduce just like the barrels in the mud cities; two individuals grow a third one between them.		
Jarvis flushed.		
"The thing was still there.		
We had a clue, didn't we?		
Well!		
"Well, we stood frozen for a moment, while Leroy's yell reverberated back and forth between the distant walls, and the echoes repeated the words in queer, thin voices.		
We made out a giant seated figure, one of the beaked Martians like Tweel, but with every limb suggesting heaviness, weariness.		
"Like an old maid's heart!"		
Well, those were the words he used to describe the silicon monster; they were also the words he had used to tell me that the image of Fancy Long, the one that had almost lured me to the dreambeast, wasn't real.		
And you can't have any form of government which governs less than anarchy, which is no government at all!"		
"Right!		
countered Jarvis.		
commented Harrison.		
"And Putz and I think so, too!"		
"It's too bad we haven't an archeologist with us, but Leroy tells me that there was a stoneage culture in Egypt then, the predynastic civilization."		
exclaimed the captain.		
Don't human beings tend to relate everything to themselves?		
"How could we tell?"		
I wish you'd seen it, Karl; you'll have to make what you can from our pictures.		
No point in wars here; the population is too thin and too scattered, and besides, it takes the help of every single community to keep the canal system functioning.		
Well, we sailed out into the desert about twenty miles, which put the city below the horizon in case we overslept, and there we spent the night.		
"It wasn't all exactly pretty.		
Leroy's face, as always, turned a smothered blue, and Jarvis heard his own breath rasping and rattling in his throat.		
"A t'ermocouple!"		
That beautiful, evil, devilish panorama was in my mind, not my eyes.		
"Can you describe it?"		
No rainfall, no earthquakes, no vegetation is here to spread cracks with its rootsnothing.		
Ants are willing to die for their anthill; so are these creatures."		
That's how those fiends workthrough the mind.		
"As we reached the crest, Tweel spun his head completely around, so his feet were forward but his eyes looked backward, as if he feared to gaze into the valley.		
And Leroy believes further that it isn't an intelligent arrangementnot on the part of the barrels, at leastbut that it's been done for so many thousands of generations that it's become instinctivea tropismjust like the actions of ants and bees.		
"Well?		
He assumed a gruffness as the weary pair sat down.		
"Then he held that dim torch of his toward the walls, and they were pictured.		
They hadn't forgotten me, either; they all drummed out, 'We are vrriendsouch!'		
so we followed him, staring nervously about for the thing that had watched us.		
I kept careful note of our directions, since we couldn't risk getting lost in that gigantic maze.		
That's why they're dying."		
He resumed his narrative.		
That was the phrase he had used to explain the dreambeast to tell me that what I thought, the creature thoughtto tell me how the thing lured its victims by their own desires.		
"Dimly," countered Harrison.		
How do you mean?"		
"I should've known better than to let you wander off alone."		
"But the sun dropped out of sight right then.		
Nine out of ten buildings meant absolutely nothing to usjust vast empty chambers, full of shadows and rustlings and echoes.		
And there's a member of each type right here.		
"Nuts!"		
With a perfect race you wouldn't need it at all; government is a confession of weakness, isn't it?		
Without our thermoskin bags, night would finish us, even if what lurked in the ruins didn't.		
"Comme l'Egypte!" "Yeah," said Jarvis.		
"Thank my kindly nature that I marked your arm instead of your face.		
"Got a good memory for faces!"		
Your body torn and broken, spotted with bloodthat might be a pleasure second only to that I plan."		
Still, there on the open porch, in practically full daylight, and for so brief a timeDr. Carl would be coming very shortly, she reasoned.		
"Blood on your lips!"		
"Eight o'clock," she remarked to her image; "Time to be leaving, and it serves Dr. Carl right for his highhanded actions last night.		
"Nicholas," she said wearily, clinging desperately to a remnant of logic, "what do you want of me?		
She seized the flask, filling her tumbler to the brim, while her companion watched her with impassive gaze.		
Want me?"		
I don't know one from the other; our choice must be blind."		
Close your eyes and choose!"		
I did it out of spite because I saw he didn'tcare for me.		
28 Lunar Omen After a considerable interval, during which Nick held the girl tightly and silently in his arms, he released her, sat with his head resting on his cupped palms in an attitude of deep study.		
She tore her eyes away.		
"Rather cold, ruthless, domineering."		
So be it!"		
Not her fine, tender, sensitive Nick!		
She puckered her lips impudently at him as she slipped by him into the house.		
That's all I know."		
She didn't know, couldn't imagine.		
"Bargain?		
With his lips still crushing hers, he raised her in his arms; she felt herself borne across the room.		
"I don't!"		
If he's crazy, I am too; a fine couple we are!"		
"I'm going to answer that bell," he ended.		
"So!"		
"Nick!"		
"Not I, but I've talked with them that had."		
"Fire away, Dr.		
But I must."		
He frowned perplexedly, then looked up abruptly.		
I just wanted to ask you a few hypothetical questions.		
"Then the Priest came, and he said it wasn't a natural wolf.		
She drew the letter from her pocket, and then, with a tightening of her throat, tore open the envelope, slipping out the several pages of scrawled paper.		
"Well, neither I nor any reputable medic claims to know everything, and the human mind's a subtle sort of thing."		
He nodded.		
The girl drew herself erect and leaned back against the wall, shaking her head to drive the tears from her eyes.		
"You're no coward, dear.		
She listened idly to distract herself from the chain of despondency that was her thoughts, and was mildly startled to recognize the booming drums of Dr. Horker's voice.		
I know that much about the book, at least."		
She sighed, mounted the steps, and fumbled for her key.		
"Queer, isn't it?"		
"We got rid of the pig.		
"Say it's because I'm acting in loco parentis."		
"No walk.		
His voice was unchanged; she stared at him in complete bafflement.		
Now, of course, it was different; she had so definitely tagged herself with the same Nicholas Devine that even the most ardent of the group had taken the warning.		
You know I'm crazy about you, and," she whispered in his ear, "so's Mother!"		
Which one"an hysterical laughing sob shook her"will wear the longest?"		
That's all."		
You would too if you didn't fly into a panic every time some little difficulty confronts you.		
Her eyes turned troubled.		
"Now!"		
she told herself.		
He surveyed her sitting in her chair; she had dropped her chin to her hand to steady the whirling of her head.		
No one's strong who hasn't given up hope."		
Heaven knows why I should be, but it's a fact."		
"But what do you think it is?"		
she snapped.		
Please, Pat, let's not spoil tonight; if I could tell you, I would.		
Then, according to him, the devil was nothing more than an invention of Nick's mind, the trick of a cowardly child to evade just punishment.		
It's over, and I've given my promise."		
he said and was again silent.		
applauded the girl.		
"What of it?"		
Where are you going, child?"		
I wasn't at all!"		
"You were extremely attractive as I attired you Saturday," the other proceeded.		
"It took me hours to locate Mueller and get this address from him."		
"Given the opportunity.		
That's what you saidan experiment.		
"Yes!"		
She looked out upon a dimlit street or court, at the blind end of which the house was apparently situated.		
"There is still a depth of beauty unplumbed, a pain whose exquisite pleasure is yet to find!"		
"My head aches, andI'm scared!"		
"That's Heaven," he said pointing a finger at the great flowing lunar disk.		
"How does he like me?		
In the dim distance before them, red as Antares, glowed the taillight of some automobile; except for this lone evidence of humanity, reflected Pat, they might have been flashing through the cosmic depths of interstellar space, instead of following a highway in the very shadow of Chicago.		
Carl?"		
And the next night he went out once more."		
"He won't do it!"		
"I can't," she repeated.		
The memory of the terrible eyes of that other had clicked too aptly to Magda's phrase.		
