two	of	the	man	-PRON-	bunk	with	be	go	;	the	mess	boy	who	serve	-PRON-	be	go	;	-PRON-	wife	be	go	.		
"	-PRON-	can	kill	a	man	with	-PRON-	.		
sometimes	,	for	nuclear	effect	,	-PRON-	have	to	take	thing	apart	into	3	×	10	^	9	piece	and	shove	each	piece	very	carefully	.		
the	three	kid	be	in	-PRON-	class	at	the	nursery	schoolwe	put	-PRON-	there	for	a	while	to	keep	-PRON-	busy	,	when	-PRON-	first	come	to	-PRON-	.		
tropile	have	hear	of	a	town	call	princeton	,	but	-PRON-	happen	that	-PRON-	have	never	pass	through	-PRON-	southward	or	northbound	.		
as	though	for	all	-PRON-	life	-PRON-	have	have	only	one	eye	,	and	now	-PRON-	have	strangely	be	give	two	.		
"	some	day	,	tropile	,	-PRON-	be	go	to	be	-PRON-	against	-PRON-	.		
tropile	jump	up	out	of	-PRON-	sleep	,	awakening	to	panic	.		
why	let	a	lot	of	sheep	in	and	out	?	"		
the	first	thing	be	to	make	up	-PRON-	mind	:	-PRON-	be	wolf	.		
that	be	what	-PRON-	call	a	real	woman	.	"		
-PRON-	demand	.		
tropile	make	a	lefthanded	sign	of	noimportance	.		
-PRON-	"	already	-PRON-	be	flash	away"i'll	get	to	the	boy	through	joey	.	"		
exhausted	and	passive	,	-PRON-	ask	finally	:	"	what	can	-PRON-	do	?		
pause	for	a	second	;	then	,	laboriously	,	-PRON-	begin	to	back	toward	the	near	of	the	side	passage	that	tropile	have	be	unable	to	block	.		
the	oil	on	-PRON-	skin	be	only	the	sheen	of	sweat	.		
no	.		
-PRON-	save	the	trouble	of	blank	-PRON-	.		
that	be	what	happen	when	a	citizen	run	amok	.		
"	-PRON-	be	a	matter	of	seriousness	,	"	citizen	germyn	admit	doubtfully	.		
something	be	bite	-PRON-	.		
quid	pro	quo	.		
-PRON-	stir	,	and	add	another	datum	:	-PRON-	appear	also	to	be	in	a	tank	of	fluid	and	yet	-PRON-	do	not	drown	.		
the	stone	go	right	through	the	eye	,	without	sound	or	effect	;	why	not	let	-PRON-	work	off	some	of	-PRON-	fear	in	direct	action	?		
be	that	possible	?		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	there	be	a	section	of	the	planet	next	the	sever	chunk	where	the	mind	and	sens	of	alla	narova	lie	coil	for	a	momentand	be	go	.		
possibly	the	event	of	the	past	few	day	have	unhinge	-PRON-	reason	,	but	-PRON-	be	nearly	sure	that	-PRON-	have	eat	a	portion	of	the	evening	meal	secretly	,	in	the	serve	room	,	before	call	-PRON-	to	the	table	.		
-PRON-	resent	-PRON-	as	bitterly	,	-PRON-	remember	,	as	in	the	old	day	when	-PRON-	have	first	be	learn	the	subtlety	of	ruin	appreciation	.		
there	be	wolf	all	through	sheepdom	;	-PRON-	leaven	the	dough	of	society	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	in	five	minute	,	-PRON-	be	go	,	but	that	be	more	than	enough	time	.		
sudden	shock	and	horror	rock	-PRON-	.		
once	survival	have	merely	be	glide	along	on	a	cushion	of	repellent	charge	,	stream	electron	behind	for	the	push	,	send	hf	pulse	out	often	enough	to	get	a	picture	of	-PRON-	bounce	return	to	integrate	deep	inside	.		
-PRON-	be	do	in	the	broad	daylight	of	the	new	sun	,	and	as	many	of	the	three	hundred	citizen	of	wheeling	as	could	manage	-PRON-	be	in	the	courtyard	of	the	old	federal	building	to	watch	.		
look	at	the	shape	this	one	be	in	!		
"	because	-PRON-	be	important	to	each	other	.		
-PRON-	take	-PRON-	hand	off	-PRON-	arm	,	content	.		
migration	be	an	answergo	to	another	city	.		
god	,	-PRON-	be	give	-PRON-	fit	down	there	!		
but	not	citizeness	germyn	.		
always	-PRON-	have	be	the	glandular	compulsion	to	gain	an	advantage	,	and	that	be	go	,	or	anyway	almost	go	,	because	-PRON-	be	permit	in	the	society	in	which	-PRON-	now	live	.		
one	of	the	man	close	the	door	;	another	do	something	with	lever	and	wheel	;	the	vane	whoosh	around	overhead	;	the	helicopter	bounce	on	-PRON-	stiffsprung	landing	leg	and	then	rock	up	and	away	.		
-PRON-	be	useful	to	-PRON-	that	the	mind	-PRON-	crop	be	utterly	blank	.		
but	-PRON-	be	possible	to	know	that	-PRON-	have	no	way	of	tell	wolf	from	citizen	.		
-PRON-	be	not	desirable	that	-PRON-	bedroom	wall	switch	have	a	mind	of	-PRON-	own	;	if	-PRON-	turn	the	light	on	,	-PRON-	want	-PRON-	on	.		
or	,	at	least	,	in	the	human	race	of	which	-PRON-	be	a	part	.		
but	-PRON-	force	-PRON-	to	go	on	:	"	well	,	that	be	what	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	use	to	do	.		
haendl	be	not	the	only	man	in	princeton	who	have	begin	lay	trap	for	-PRON-	as	a	result	of	the	unprecedented	disappearance	;	-PRON-	be	not	the	only	one	who	be	short	of	sleep	.		
call	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	hear	?		
"	the	flood	wash	-PRON-	clean	.		
"	that	be	joey	.	"		
-PRON-	be	another	room	,	and	though	the	light	be	still	red	,	-PRON-	be	a	paler	,	calm	red	and	the	thundering	ironmongery	be	a	wall	away	.		
the	ripening	bud	have	a	name	,	of	course	,	but	name	do	not	matter	to	the	pyramid	.		
the	very	faint	background	feel	of	man	's	internal	arrangement	,	never	question	unless	something	go	wrong	with	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	start	to	hurt	,	be	not	at	all	like	the	faint	background	feel	that	a	woman	have	inside	-PRON-	.		
a	few	didthat	banker	,	germyn	;	tropile	have	approach	-PRON-	only	a	few	month	before	about	a	prospective	loan	.		
do	-PRON-	wish	to	do	so	?	"		
the	anxiety	have	pass	;	clearly	-PRON-	be	confident	of	make	a	good	donation	.		
the	problem	be	navigation	.		
c	:	p	in	that	range	produce	the	small	art	,	the	appreciation	,	the	peaceful	arrangement	of	necessity	into	subtle	relationship	of	traditionally	agreedupon	virtue	.		
-PRON-	close	-PRON-	eye	and	light	stop	.		
open	-PRON-	again	and	there	be	a	stereoscopic	double	;	the	saliency	of	the	picture	leap	forward	,	the	background	retreat	.		
but	how	?		
-PRON-	have	achieve	many	partly	successful	meditation	on	connectivity	.		
germyn	get	out	of	the	invitation	by	a	conditional	acceptance	in	proper	form	,	and	the	man	leave	,	delay	only	slightly	by	the	four	urgings	to	stay	.		
no	wonder	the	total	perception	!	)		
"	please	,	"	-PRON-	beg	,	"	can	not	-PRON-	do	something	?		
"	and	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	there	have	be	other	.		
the	percentage	be	go	the	wrong	way	.		
true	,	think	tropile	subvocally	,	read	aloud	to	the	tot	.		
the	keeper	hesitate	,	tear	.		
-PRON-	be	warm	and	-PRON-	shake	with	a	nameless	distant	vibration	.		
-PRON-	remember	,	with	an	odd	flash	of	guilt	,	that	-PRON-	have	be	meditate	,	watch	the	stage	of	boiling	water	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	the	pyramids	do	have	a	wolfa	fact	which	do	not	matter	in	the	least	to	-PRON-	.		
but	this	man	be	not	mad	.		
but	what	be	this	,	then	?		
funny	thing	be	happen	all	the	time	these	day	,	have	-PRON-	notice	?		
in	those	day	,	one	dedicated	byzantine	write	the	definitive	encyclopedia	of	engineering	(	though	-PRON-	be	no	engineer	)	.		
at	last	-PRON-	branch	of	the	snowflakebody	retreat	,	sob	for	a	spell	.		
haendl	glower	at	-PRON-	.		
machine	?		
all	of	the	watcher	,	all	of	those	on	the	stone	step	,	be	in	somber	meditation	.		
but	at	last	,	in	the	1,000	to	1,500	calorie	range	,	artistictechnological	style	firmly	appear	in	selfperpetuat	form	.		
there	be	no	need	for	that	foppish	comfort	,	either	;	the	nutrient	fluid	supply	all	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	sueann	star	at	-PRON-	,	between	terror	and	tear	.		
o'leary	say	suspiciously	:	"	-PRON-	belong	to	that	doubleac	,	do	not	-PRON-	?		
because	the	breakout	be	not	seem	to	come	.		
"	-PRON-	want	-PRON-	to	fix	flock	up	so	-PRON-	can'crush	out	,	'	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	say	.		
with	all	of	the	inmate	,	-PRON-	look	at	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	wonder	what	twisted	devil	have	get	into	-PRON-	head	to	land	-PRON-	in	the	jug	.		
-PRON-	look	as	though	-PRON-	have	be	make	out	of	a	bedspring	,	rip	loose	from	-PRON-	frame	god	know	how	,	hide	inside	the	greensleev	jacket	god	know	howfil	,	file	to	sharpness	over	endless	hour	.		
the	medic	say	patiently	:	"	-PRON-	son	,	-PRON-	have	dress	-PRON-	wound	.		
the	governor	be	a	strong	man	,	but	-PRON-	do	not	struggle	.		
the	rocket	go	home	for	fuel	.		
no	wonder	flock	moanedthe	eddy	current	in	the	shiv	be	slowly	cook	-PRON-	hand	;	and	the	blister	against	-PRON-	abdomen	,	where	the	shiv	have	be	hide	during	other	rest	period	,	feel	like	raw	acid	.		
-PRON-	be	partly	right	.		
iii	"	-PRON-	smell	trouble	,	"	say	o'leary	to	the	warden	.		
sauer	stop	dead	and	blink	.		
and	-PRON-	fold	-PRON-	hand	and	smile	like	a	civilservice	buddha	.		
"	let	-PRON-	get	out	of	here	!	"		
-PRON-	see	that	lafon	have	snatch	up	a	metal	chair	;	-PRON-	see	lafon	swing	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	black	face	maniacal	;	-PRON-	see	the	chair	come	down	.		
o'leary	snap	erect	,	abruptly	angry	.		
-PRON-	know	lafon	,	from	block	a	?		
lafon	wipe	the	scowl	off	-PRON-	black	face	,	put	on	a	smile	,	rehearse	what	-PRON-	be	go	to	say	,	and	politely	rattle	the	door	of	-PRON-	cell	.		
"	gimme	!	"		
-PRON-	sigh	heavily	and	rub	-PRON-	eye	.		
-PRON-	be	try	to	divide	-PRON-	.		
enough	say	?		
when	-PRON-	find	a	couple	of	choice	breakable	like	o'leary	and	the	governor	,	-PRON-	would	have	a	ball	!		
-PRON-	keep	the	inmate	busy	.		
the	con	only	shake	-PRON-	head	,	perspire	still	more	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	sauer	jump	to	the	head	of	the	step	,	see	that	lafon	be	lead	the	group	,	step	back	,	see	whom	lafon	's	helper	be	carry	and	leap	forward	again	.		
-PRON-	snarl	,	but	there	be	not	time	to	worry	about	that	sodaro	.		
"	oh	,	doctor	!		
-PRON-	have	to	enforce	the	law	against	rape	if	,	for	instance	,	a	greaser	should	ask	an	innocent	young	female	postal	clerk	for	a	date	.		
bawl	one	of	the	other	free	inmate	.		
o'leary	make	a	passionate	sound	that	be	try	to	be	bad	language	,	but	-PRON-	be	too	rag	mad	to	articulate	-PRON-	.		
prison	rule	provide	for	prisoner	trainingit	be	a	matter	of	"	rehabilitation	.	"		
the	riot	be	down	among	the	corrupt	sludge	that	underlay	the	state	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	yell	word	that	make	no	sense	to	-PRON-	,	threaten	punishment	on	the	guard	that	-PRON-	could	barely	imagine	.		
the	first	breakout	from	the	jug	be	go	to	start	a	fight	like	-PRON-	never	see	and	-PRON-	will	be	right	in	the	middle	of	-PRON-	!	"		
gasp	an	aircraftswoman	firstclass	,	mother	of	three	.		
the	warden	manage	to	sit	up	straight	.		
"	somebody	be	come	!	"		
-PRON-	have	-PRON-	job	,	keep	the	inmate	in	line	,	and	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	.		
now	o'leary	know	-PRON-	hate	-PRON-	when	there	be	a	woman	in	here	.		
-PRON-	be	use	to	have	the	civilservice	guard	over	themthat	be	what	guard	be	for	.		
that	be	something	to	find	outbut	not	just	then	.		
now	-PRON-	job	be	just	as	important	as	-PRON-	job	,	"	-PRON-	say	piously	.		
brother	sauer	,	-PRON-	beg	"	the	redhead	spit	deliberately	on	the	floor	.		
funny	smell	in	here	,	-PRON-	tell	himselfnot	for	the	first	time	.		
estatesgeneral	be	in	process	of	go	off	.		
"	oh	,	-PRON-	think	so	?	"		
wipe	brawl	with	wipe	and	no	one	care	;	but	in	the	jug	,	all	class	be	cast	together	.		
-PRON-	understand	a	medic	be	go	to	block	o.	-PRON-	shall	go	with	-PRON-	.	"		
-PRON-	would	not	realize	the	importance	of	the	careful	timingof	arranging	that	the	laundry	con	would	start	a	disturbance	in	the	yard	right	after	the	greensleeves	hardtimer	kick	off	the	riot	,	of	get	the	little	greaser	hiroko	to	shortcircuit	the	yard	field	so	the	laundry	con	could	start	-PRON-	disturbance	.		
"	-PRON-	mean	,	after	all	,	'	specialization	be	the	goal	of	civilization	,	'	right	?	"		
to	what	?		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	captain	o'leary	hurtle	out	of	the	shelter	cell	and	skid	down	the	corridor	.		
because	five	minute	before	,	-PRON-	be	in	-PRON-	cell	,	with	the	rest	of	the	hardtimer	of	the	greensleef	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	matter	what	-PRON-	do	.		
"	-PRON-	be	all	alike	!		
"	do	not	-PRON-	see	,	mr.	sauer	,	-PRON-	be	play	into	-PRON-	hand	?		
there	be	nowhere	else	to	run	.		
-PRON-	do	not	want	to	try	to	pass	.	"		
the	warden	close	-PRON-	eye	.		
-PRON-	be	in	the	cell	right	next	to	-PRON-	,	with	a	couple	guard	.		
butstill	and	all	,	-PRON-	be	the	warden	.		
-PRON-	look	scared	and	sick	.		
or	anyway	,	-PRON-	think	with	a	sudden	throbbing	in	-PRON-	throat	,	over	-PRON-	body	.		
"	throw	-PRON-	in	a	cell	,	"	-PRON-	order	,	and	sit	down	on	a	guard	's	stool	,	breathe	hard	.		
maybe	-PRON-	could	now	help	to	get	lafon	where	-PRON-	wantedneeded!to	be	.		
what	actually	do	happen	be	that	the	guard	reach	up	and	close	the	switch	that	actuate	the	tangler	field	on	the	floor	of	the	cell	.		
and	the	jug	be	the	place	for	-PRON-	.		
"	-PRON-	be	scared	!	"		
but	the	warden	say	no	.		
-PRON-	be	the	first	time	-PRON-	have	ever	see	a	prisoner	cry	in	the	greensleef	.		
"	-PRON-	get	a	cup	for	-PRON-	?	"		
"	-PRON-	be	go	.		
"	the	wipe	!		
v	captain	o'leary	drag	the	scared	little	wretch	into	the	warden	's	office	.		
item	:	tv	set	in	every	cell	.		
-PRON-	be	work	-PRON-	up	to	something	.		
the	inmate	have	a	less	lovely	term	for	-PRON-	.		
the	shops	building	lie	betweenwith	a	dozen	more	cell	block	over	the	workshop	that	give	-PRON-	-PRON-	nameand	there	be	a	mill	rush	of	activity	around	-PRON-	entrance	,	next	to	the	laundry	shed	the	laundry	shed	.		
this	afternoon	,	-PRON-	be	play	ball	with	the	laundry	orderly	in	the	yard	.	"		
"	sit	still	!		
shut	up	!	"		
and	-PRON-	be	not	too	far	away	.		
but	-PRON-	do	.		
but	then	-PRON-	jump	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	be	not	so	cool	.		
yeah	,	-PRON-	be	all	stiff	but	-PRON-	be	breathe	.		
-PRON-	stand	in	the	open	door	,	with	snow	blow	in	past	-PRON-	.		
yeah	,	there	be	much	trouble	.		
"	give	-PRON-	that	loot	,	"	-PRON-	tell	tiny	,	and	-PRON-	hand	over	the	stuff	-PRON-	take	off	the	weirdie	.		
-PRON-	be	scared	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	however	,	even	then	-PRON-	know	that	this	kind	of	trouble	be	something	-PRON-	could	not	handle	alone	.		
-PRON-	be	not	painful	,	but	-PRON-	be	an	odd	,	unexpected	feelingperhap	-PRON-	have	come	across	the	"	buzzer	"	that	novelty	store	sell	which	,	conceal	in	the	palm	,	give	a	sudden	,	surprising	tingle	when	the	owner	shake	hand	with	an	unsuspecting	friend	.		
for	five	cent	cash	-PRON-	would	have	park	the	car	,	throw	the	key	in	the	east	river	,	and	take	the	first	bus	out	of	town	.		
"	be	-PRON-	hold	?	"		
-PRON-	be	scared	;	-PRON-	be	more	scared	than	anything	-PRON-	have	ever	see	in	those	kid	before	.		
"	nay	.		
-PRON-	be	a	tossup	what	to	dothe	smart	thing	be	to	call	the	precinct	right	then	and	there	;	but	-PRON-	could	not	help	feel	that	that	would	make	the	leopards	clam	up	hopelessly	.		
the	boomer	dukes	be	take	on	the	world	!	"		
even	tiny	catch	on	after	a	while	,	because	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	put	down	that	funky	old	pistol	-PRON-	give	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	be	be	love	up	.		
come	around	the	corner	be	a	kid	with	a	lightningblue	satin	jacket	and	two	funnylook	gun	in	-PRON-	hand	;	there	be	a	silvery	aura	around	-PRON-	,	the	same	color	as	the	light	in	the	sky	;	and	-PRON-	swear	-PRON-	see	those	cop	'	gun	hit	-PRON-	twenty	time	in	twenty	second	,	but	-PRON-	do	not	seem	to	notice	.		
what	be	the	name	?	"		
or	from	the	future	?		
-PRON-	observe	-PRON-	confer	among	-PRON-	,	glance	at	-PRON-	,	and	for	a	time	propose	terminate	-PRON-	venture	,	for	-PRON-	then	believe	that	-PRON-	would	be	good	to	return	"	home	,	"	as	-PRON-	say	,	in	order	to	more	adequately	research	the	matter	.		
"	yeah	,	-PRON-	sound	like	a	rumble	,	"	one	of	-PRON-	say	,	after	a	while	.		
at	first	there	do	not	seem	to	be	anyone	in	,	but	after	-PRON-	call	a	couple	time	a	kid	of	about	sixteen	,	coffeecolored	and	scaredlook	,	stick	-PRON-	head	up	above	the	counter	.		
-PRON-	foot	simply	would	not	lift	off	the	ground	.		
-PRON-	may	mean	that	a	rumble	be	brewingand	that	mean	that	-PRON-	work	so	far	have	be	pretty	nearly	a	failure	.		
assert	one	of	-PRON-	five	escort	in	a	loud	,	frightened	tone	.		
however	,	-PRON-	be	not	bored	.		
-PRON-	like	live	.		
"	boomer	!	"		
anyway	,	there	be	something	new	shin	in	the	sky	.		
the	reason	-PRON-	be	sit	around	chris	's	be	not	that	-PRON-	like	cokes	particularly	,	but	that	-PRON-	be	one	of	the	hangingout	place	of	a	juvenile	gang	call	the	leopards	,	with	whom	-PRON-	have	be	try	to	work	for	nearly	a	year	;	and	the	reason	-PRON-	be	become	edgy	be	that	-PRON-	do	not	see	any	of	-PRON-	there	.		
remain	quiescent	until	the	adjuster	come	.	that	settle	-PRON-	.		
hell	,	-PRON-	do	not	want	to	wake	up	.		
-PRON-	please	-PRON-	very	much	;	-PRON-	be	not	more	than	six	block	from	where	this	big	rumble	be	go	on	,	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	make	-PRON-	very	clear	that	-PRON-	be	to	get	on	over	there	immediately	.		
what	be	that	jive	?	"		
-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	at	that	and	hurry	down	the	block	to	the	tenement	where	the	gomez	family	live	,	and	then	-PRON-	find	out	why	.		
"	and	that	must	be	the	pool	hall	where	the	leopards	hang	out	.	"		
hawk	be	one	of	the	young	in	the	leopards	,	a	skinny	,	very	dark	kid	who	have	be	reasonably	friendly	to	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	say	,	"	nay	.		
-PRON-	believe	-PRON-	would	not	have	disturb	-PRON-	if	-PRON-	have	be	truly	vertical	;	but	many	of	-PRON-	be	minute	of	arc	from	a	true	perpendicular	,	all	of	-PRON-	cover	with	a	carbonaceous	material	which	-PRON-	instantly	perceive	be	an	inadvertent	deposit	from	the	air	.		
when	cow	talk	,	-PRON-	other	flunky	shut	up	fast	.		
oh	,	-PRON-	be	a	big	one	all	right	,	mr.	van	pelt	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	-PRON-	be	like	-PRON-	be	a	million	mile	down	dream	street	.		
"	-PRON-	need	advice	on	how	to	be	gang	?	"		
"	come	on	,	"	-PRON-	yell	to	sol	,	and	-PRON-	push	the	door	open	to	the	candy	store	.		
but	-PRON-	have	be	on	-PRON-	for	four	month	and	,	would	not	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	,	there	be	not	a	decent	murder	,	or	sewer	explosion	,	or	run	gun	fight	between	six	p.m.	and	six	a.m.	any	night	-PRON-	be	on	duty	in	those	whole	four	month	.		
that	be	how	-PRON-	be	in	the	boomer	dukes	.		
"	that	be	chris	's	,	"	-PRON-	say	,	point	at	a	little	candy	store	.		
now	that	-PRON-	look	a	little	more	closely	-PRON-	could	see	that	-PRON-	must	have	come	this	way	;	the	candy	store	's	window	be	break	;	every	other	street	light	be	smash	;	and	what	have	at	first	look	like	a	flight	of	step	in	front	of	a	tenement	across	the	street	be	not	anything	of	the	kindit	be	a	pile	of	brick	and	stone	from	the	falsefront	cornice	on	the	roof	!		
now	,	-PRON-	get	th	"	silence	.		
even	that	little	flunky	sailor	start	to	go	up	against	-PRON-	but	-PRON-	look	at	-PRON-	cool	and	-PRON-	chicken	.		
"	certainly	,	money	.		
silence	.		
radiation	,	do	-PRON-	hear	-PRON-	?		
-PRON-	get	-PRON-	in	the	loft	over	the	r.	and	i.		
-PRON-	give	every	evidence	of	wish	to	help	-PRON-	;	but	of	course	if	-PRON-	have	not	forget	that	one	can	not	assume	from	the	statement	"	notleopard	imply	boomer	duke	"	and	"	notleopard	imply	foraminifera	9	"	that	,	qu	,	"	boomer	duke	imply	foraminifera	9	"	...	if	-PRON-	have	not	forget	this	,	-PRON-	say	,	-PRON-	should	not	have	be	"	deceive	.	"		
"	what	be	to	do	with	this	stuff	?	"		
hawk	and	-PRON-	twin	brother	,	yogi	,	be	there	with	-PRON-	,	look	scared	.		
what	about	that	?	"		
the	six	month	-PRON-	have	spend	try	to	work	with	-PRON-	have	not	be	too	successfula	lot	of	the	other	neighborhood	worker	have	make	a	lot	more	progress	than	ibut	at	least	-PRON-	be	willing	to	talk	to	-PRON-	;	and	-PRON-	would	not	talk	to	uniform	police	.		
-PRON-	take	all	the	loot	out	of	-PRON-	bag	,	and	-PRON-	make	this	cat	tell	-PRON-	what	-PRON-	be	to	do	.		
-PRON-	cry	,	and	then	remember	to	push	the	talk	button	.		
"	hell	,	no	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	-PRON-	hear	firing	come	closer	and	close	.		
-PRON-	quit	college	to	go	to	the	police	academy	.		
then	-PRON-	give	this	guy	the	foot	and	pretty	soon	-PRON-	wake	up	.		
-PRON-	suppose	the	front	office	get	-PRON-	money	's	worth	,	because	-PRON-	play	up	every	lousy	auto	smash	the	radio	car	cover	as	though	-PRON-	be	the	story	of	the	second	coming	,	and	maybe	-PRON-	help	circulation	.		
-PRON-	have	send	one	of	the	cat	out	for	drink	and	smoke	and	-PRON-	be	back	by	then	,	and	-PRON-	be	all	begin	to	feel	a	little	good	,	only	still	pretty	mean	.		
-PRON-	be	feel	pretty	good	.		
-PRON-	turn	around	,	and	hawk	be	right	.		
-PRON-	close	the	door	.		
even	bad	,	-PRON-	may	mean	that	somehow	the	leopards	have	discover	that	-PRON-	have	at	last	pass	-PRON-	examination	and	be	appoint	to	the	new	york	city	police	force	as	a	rookie	patrolman	,	shield	8805	.		
-PRON-	find	foureye	and	get	-PRON-	some	horse	.	"		
-PRON-	be	a	gang	call	the	boomer	dukes	.		
this	will	not	do	,	-PRON-	decide	.		
-PRON-	bend	down	and	smell	,	but	there	be	no	trace	of	liquor	or	anything	else	on	-PRON-	breath	.		
"	excuse	-PRON-	,	mr.	van	pelt	.	"		
-PRON-	stand	up	.		
-PRON-	all	wake	up	!	"		
-PRON-	be	breathe	,	as	walt	have	say	,	but	-PRON-	just	could	not	wake	-PRON-	up	.		
damn	,	but	-PRON-	be	cold	up	there	.		
-PRON-	be	cold	and	-PRON-	be	on	-PRON-	way	down	to	night	court	,	where	there	may	or	may	not	be	a	story	;	but	at	least	-PRON-	can	get	-PRON-	foot	warm	.	"		
as	soon	as	-PRON-	talk	to	-PRON-	a	little	bit	-PRON-	figure	-PRON-	have	luck	rid	with	-PRON-	when	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	leopards	.		
