Everyone who owned stock in Robling Titanium was automatically a member of the board of directors, with Torkleson as chairman of the board.		
"For new contracts.		
And what stock more logical to buy than stock in their own companies?		
Just let you have a free hand to rob us blind again.		
It had meant something to be vice president of a huge industrial firm like Robling Titanium.		
Yes, it was an unprecedented action.		
Tomatoes were hurled, fists were shaken, but the 'copter remained.		
Walter rose slowly from his seat.		
Lock them into reverberating circuits with a code sequence key.		
"Walk out in front of those men after what you've done?		
He picked them up warily.		
No more private goldplated Buicks for you boys.		
"I don't think so.		
"I've warned you time and again.		
Tomorrow we work as usual, until the noon whistle.		
Did they get them fixed?"		
The stockholders numbered over ten thousand.		
"So we can't be sure of the legal end.		
His Honor turned to Jeff Bates.		
The third day, Jeff Bates was served with an injunction ordering Towne to return to work.		
Right now they want those machines going again."		
And the key is our secret.		
They could go on strike.		
They own the stock, stock is supposed to pay dividends."		
"I'm production manager of the corporation."		
"Are you counsel for the defendant?"		
"Wait until I get O'Gilvy on the phone."		
"He'll never go along."		
"Mr. Bates, if you plead guilty, you leave me no alternative" "but to send me to jail," said Walter Towne.		
Bailey was putting down the visiphone receiver.		
They sat in darkness, hardly daring to breathe.		
There was one program that hadn't been coded into the machines yet.		
"I give you your man.		
The union boss's office was crowded with TV cameras, newsmen, and puzzled workmen.		
All he'd need to do is ask for managers, and a dozen companies would throw them to him on loan.		
Deduct union dues, pension fees, medical insurance fees, and sundry other little items which had formerly been paid by welltodo managements, and very little was left but the semiannual dividend checks.		
The workers came to the plants in business suits, it was true, and lounged in the finest of lounges, and read the Wall Street Journal, and felt like stockholders.		
They've got their own management troubles.		
They were packed in from the wall to the stage, and hanging from the rafters.		
*       *       *       *       * Torkleson was waiting to see the shop steward when he came in next morning.		
We appeal to the spirit of orderly justice" Walter yawned as the words went on.		
Before we leave, we throw the machines into feedback, every one of them.		
He'd had more freedom this last month than before, maybe there'd been a policy change.		
"Perhaps we were a little demanding, I concede it!		
Then somebody appeared with a rope.		
"Not quite."		
"I still don't see how we could work it," Hendricks objected.		
They may have you in jail if you do start them, too, but that's another bridge.		
"I've been doing everything I could," Walter snapped.		
"They'll have you in jail if you don't start the machines again.		
Then we just don't come back.		
Torkleson snorted.		
Bailey shook his head.		
But if you want to commit suicide, that's all right with me."		
*       *       *       *       * "I'm not an unreasonable man," Torkleson was saying miserably, waving his fat paws in the air as he paced back and forth in front of the spokesmen for the striking managers.		
Just a minor item, but it's a starter.		
"What about the production lines?"		
Until Shop Steward Bailey suddenly found himself in charge of a dozen sputtering machines and an empty office.		
Helpless?		
We fought long and hard for control of this corporation, just the way all the other unions did.		
"There just hasn't been a case of a company's management striking against its own labor.		
*       *       *       *       * The meeting was held in a huge auditorium in the Robling administration building.		
The union lawyer dropped his glasses on the table with a crash.		
His grin spread unpleasantly from ear to ear.		
More men clambered up on the stage, shouting and shaking their fists.		
"Now look, Bailey, we've always worked well together.		
"I don't care how the dividends come in.		
Even at the cost of lowering dividends, of taking food from the mouths of your wives and children, we made our generous offers.		
The workers grew restive.		
An idea began to form in his head.		
Walter closed his eyes with a little smile as the charges were read: "breach of contract, malicious mischief, sabotage of the company's machines, conspiring to destroy the livelihood of ten thousand workers.		
Big orders canceled.		
No plant can keep up production the way the men are working."		
Pendleton sighed.		
*       *       *       *       * "It's ridiculous," the lawyer spluttered, staring at the circle of men in the room.		
The workers are putting pressure on him."		
Not while I'm secretary of this union.		
"We'll see," said Walter.		
"The boss wants to see you.		
"Get me Walter Towne," he said.		
He pointed to Towne with a flourish.		
There was a hurried conference.		
Practically had the machines apart on the floor."		
The jet would bring him down in Las Vegas in exactly the same time, to the second, either way.		
"You're needed.		
A deep breath from McKenzie, like a sigh of relief.		
"Garbage," said Dan Fowler succinctly.		
Cut out my tongue, Carl, but I'm selling.		
Great book for soulsearching Senators.		
Dan Fowler sat greyfaced, staring at Paul, just shaking his head and staring.		
"Maybebut I don't think so.		
"Well, it was crude, then," Moss said.		
Have you talked to them over there?		
You'll have to be my ears, and cover for me.		
They know what's going on."		
"Of rejuvenation?		
But you're not on it.		
"Peter Golden's widow isn't."		
"I didn't know you hated me so much.		
I had dreams in those days.		
He threw it out violently, his heart sinking.		
I think you'll be interested."		
Even now a dozen men were scampering around the scaffolding, before Dan's incredulous eyes, and he saw some of the beaming coming off the body of the ship, being dropped onto the crane, moving slowly to the ground.		
That god damned Rinehart is enough to make anybody black out."		
And meanwhile, keep your eye on the teevies.		
And there was, in a sense: frantic activity, noise, hubbub, hard work, fancy plansall going nowhere.		
*       *       *       *       * Carl was shaking his head sadly.		
"Jesus, Dan.		
Paul has always been fussy about telling the truth.		
"These are my own.		
Why not?" Paul looked across at him for a long moment.		
(The admen and the insurance people weren't too concerned about Man's immortal soulthey'd take their share now, thanksbut this didn't bother Tyndall too much.		
"Could?"		
"It's nothing.		
It had been different, years ago.		
And if you give him another ten years, he'll have it done, by god."		
Washed up, finished, thanks to you.		
And once or twice you've blacked clean out for a while, and made your staff work like demons to cover for you and keep it off the teevies, right?"		
Disease, the Enemy, was crushed.		
And every minute you stand there with your jaw sagging just tells Rinehart how tight he's got youdo something, anything There was a way.		
Maybe Cleveland.		
But they say he had to have special drugs every night, that he had changed.		
Paul maneuvered a midget loading crane, guided the thing into launching position on the floor, then turned back to Dan.		
"How do I know you won't break it anyway?"		
There was also hatred there, and victory, long awaited, bitterly won.		
Really."		
Great for the stomach, but there wasn't time to stop.		
Not now.		
He just stared.		
"II can't do it, Dan."		
Nothing of the sort."		
A tiny bird of a manthree times rejuvenated, and still the mind was sharp, the eyes were sharp.		
Then I'll also announce a feature attraction that the people can look forward to when the Hearing date comes.		
"Surebut you were right, they didn't like it."		
He smiled sadly across at his brother.		
"Oh, I know you're right, Doc.		
"Okay, if you say so.		
"Have a drink."		
Other things were stalling all the while.		
"No, Dan.		
Tell me what?"		
You'd better tackle the admen, then.		
We've got the story on Peter Golden.		
Dan snorted.		
The ninth was under contract, of coursestrictly a potboiler, I'm afraid.		
"Dammit, man, are you blind and deaf?		
Try to sleep.		
"Well, I'm certainly glad to hear that.		
"Oh, no doubt you could.		
My card is on top."		
Worried lines deepened on Golden's forehead.		
He shook his head helplessly, groping for words.		
It's life, Paul.		
Nobody knows that ship like you do, you're making it go.		
Starship Project is dying.		
But such a lot of trouble for an unwilling victim.		
The door clicked shut with a note of finality, and Dr. David Moss stared at it gloomily.		
Iunderstand.		
The man is fanatic, of course, but with his plans he could actually be producing in another five years."		
"Your brother refused it.		
Everything's fine."		
Dan didn't answer.		
When I get through with McKenzie, I may be leaving the country for a while.		
Who wants engineers?		
He gulped the last of the coffee.		
The blueprints haven't got a flaw in them.		
Tom grinned tiredly, his eyes far away.		
The life of David Ingersoll.		
Shandor stared.		
Ingersoll was one man the people could trust.		
"I don't get it," he said dully.		
Shandor stared at her.		
Suddenly he galvanized into action.		
Shandor stumbled to a chair, sat down woodenly.		
We've been puppets on strings, and one man engineered it, from the very start.		
Shandor's face was deathly white.		
"But if that conference fails, we're in fullscale war!"		
Motors and materials, all for Arizonasomething caught his mind, brought a frown to his large bland face, some offkey note in the monstrous symphony of production and intrigue that threw up a red flag in his mind, screamed for attention And then he sipped the fresh coffee at his elbow and sighed, and looked up at the girl standing there, saw her hand tremble as she steadied herself against the desk, and sat down beside him.		
Shandor's voice cut sharply through the room.		
It won't do you any good to be here if the Earth is blasted to bits.		
Shandor frowned, a snag in the chain drawing his attention.		
That's the truthwhy not tell that to the people?"		
"Munitions people, mostly.		
"Name anybody in the current administration.		
"I never meant anything more in my life."		
"I didn't think there was anybody left like that," she said.		
I also know that most of your writing, while you were doing Public Information Board work, was never ordered by PIB.		
Where are they?"		
Shandor growled angrily, surveying the pile of notes with a sinking feeling of incredulity.		
Mile upon mile of jagged, rocky crags, black rock, ageless, unaged rock.		
I need some help, badly."		
"I'm sorry.		
Shandor flushed angrily.		
How about it, Mariel?		
he whispered.		
Educated at Rutgers University and MIT.		
Washington DC was badly hit, as were New York and Philadelphia, and further raids are expected to originate from Siberia, coming across the great circle to the West coast or the Middle west.		
A second blow from the side caught him solidly in the blackness, grunting, flailing out into a tangle of legs and arms, cursing, catching a foot in his face, striking up into soft, yielding flesh And his head suddenly exploded into a million dazzling lights as he sank unconscious to the ground        *       *       *       *       * It was a tiny room, completely without windows, the artificial light filtering through from ventilation slits near the top.		
Lincoln Airbase was in a flurry of activity; the field was alive with men, like little black ants, preparing the reserve fighters and pursuits for use in a fever of urgent speed.		
A simple, innocuous listing, which froze him to his seat.		
Shandor read off his list, giving dates.		
I'll go over it closely when I get out of here.		
A little dose is so painful you can't do anything but holler for a while, but it won't hurt you permanently unless you get it all over you.		
So ideologies arose to try to solve the dilemma of a basically static society, and they fought wars.		
I might say I'm a very expert propagandist.		
His calculations placed him over Eastern Nebraska, and a few moments later he nosed down cautiously and verified his location.		
I know I'm right, but I have to go, to check somethingto make sure of something."		
They've got a smaller one in Nevada."		
The little man twisted his hands, almost in tears.		
But I can't remember anything specific, except that he used to say over and over how he hated the thought of another war.		
Baker grinned and chomped his tobacco.		
He flipped off the connection before Prex could reply.		
The girl shrugged.		
David P. Ingersoll.		
And there isn't any air.		
"You've pointed out the whole trouble.		
"Is it serious?"		
I don't think he wanted me because of the writing.		
"You set me up for a sucker, but the plan fell through.		
Mariel's eyes were sullen.		
He got in people's way, and they hated him for it.		
He always" "No, nothat's not right.		
I need somebody along who knows how to make things painful."		
He took up a dozen of the stories, analyzed them carefully, word for word, sentence by sentence.		
Some of the dispatches were Associated Press; many came direct desk from Public Information Board in New York; two other networks sponsored some of the wordage.		
"I've only met him a couple of times.		
Because a crazy, twisted, impossible idea was in his mind, an idea that had plagued him since he had started reading that morning, an idea with an answer, an acid test, folded in the briefcase under his arm.		
Shandor's eyes narrowed.		
He shrugged his huge shoulders and settled affably down on a bench near the wall.		
You're the only one I know that could do the job."		
"A propagandist has to write it, Tommyan ace propagandist.		
He read it, unbelievingly, yet knowing that it was the only possible link.		
Don't know who it was, but he sounded mighty agitated."		
A small grate in the panel before him popped open, and a small spool plopped out onto a spindle.		
Then he sat back, his body tired, eyes closed in concentration, an incredible idea twisting and writhing and solidifying in his mind.		
"You say it's all right, it's all right.		
"Long enough."		
Things happened so fast, and I was so confused" She looked straight at him.		
You're crazy!"		
"But you'll have to read it in the newspapers."		
Shandor blinked.		
I'll fight what he stands for now he's dead" Shandor's eyes narrowed.		
Police are following all possible leads, and are confident that there has been no foul play.		
Prex shrugged.		
Oh, Tom, I was afraid Oh, Tom!"		
How big could Dartmouth Bearing be?		
"Ann, I've got to go ahead.		
Told his daughter to send it to Public Information Board immediately in event of his death.		
"All the administration offices are in Chicago.		
