"	truth	be	truth	,	but	to	alarm	-PRON-	at	a	time	like	this	would	be	unnecessarily	cruel	.	"		
there	be	no	color	at	all	in	-PRON-	face	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	-PRON-	be	marry	a	week	later	and	go	to	live	on	an	elmshaded	street	just	five	block	from	where	sally	be	bear	.		
why	do	not	-PRON-	get	up	and	speak	to	-PRON-	,	if	only	to	pour	salt	on	the	wound	-PRON-	have	bear	for	eight	long	year	?	poor	sally	!		
"	-PRON-	be	go	now	,	father	.		
each	day	have	be	like	a	lonely	sentinel	outpost	in	a	desert	waste	for	sally	.		
-PRON-	have	please	-PRON-	,	sally	.	"		
-PRON-	sob	.		
-PRON-	hold	the	infant	in	the	crook	of	-PRON-	arm	,	smile	down	at	-PRON-	.		
ten	month	later	the	first	baby	come	.		
"	adventuring	,	father	?	"		
people	who	work	in	office	could	turn	for	escape	to	a	cottage	in	the	sunset	's	glow	,	when	-PRON-	be	set	free	by	the	move	hand	of	a	clock	.		
sally	shiver	,	remember	-PRON-	husband	's	voice	on	the	phone	,	remember	where	-PRON-	be	...	"	come	to	the	office	,	sally	!		
"	oh	,	yes	!	"		
do	not	give	in	to	-PRON-	now	by	go	.	"		
stay	in	the	sun	as	much	as	possible	.	"		
when	-PRON-	return	-PRON-	will	be	go	.	"		
"	-PRON-	be	very	close	,	-PRON-	mother	and	i.		
for	an	instant	-PRON-	terror	ebb	and	-PRON-	feel	almost	reassured	.		
but	where	there	be	no	grief	there	could	be	no	sob	...	one	thing	only	-PRON-	do	before	-PRON-	leave	.		
but	-PRON-	ask	-PRON-	to	wait	a	while	before	visit	-PRON-	office	.		
-PRON-	may	have	notice	the	difference	.		
-PRON-	be	not	an	expression	-PRON-	would	have	use	by	choice	,	but	-PRON-	come	unbidden	into	-PRON-	mind	.		
some	homecoming	be	joyful	,	other	cruel	.		
even	the	hand	of	the	sprawl	form	seem	large	and	hairy	than	the	hand	of	-PRON-	husband	.		
sally	almost	shriek	.		
"	allow	for	a	reasonable	margin	of	error	-PRON-	seriously	doubt	if	-PRON-	could	be	happy	with	any	of	these	other	woman	.		
-PRON-	have	notice	thing	that	make	-PRON-	doubt	-PRON-	sanity	;	-PRON-	need	to	see	the	little	black	mole	to	reassure	-PRON-	...	-PRON-	have	notice	the	difference	in	the	hairline	,	the	strange	slant	of	the	eyebrow	,	the	crinkly	texture	of	the	skin	where	-PRON-	should	have	be	smooth	...	something	be	wrong	...	horribly	,	weirdly	wrong	...		
the	baby	be	do	fine	.		
the	light	be	in	tommy	's	room	and	there	be	a	whispering	behind	the	door	.		
as	-PRON-	look	the	scatter	leaf	whirl	into	a	flurry	around	tommy	,	then	lift	and	go	spin	over	the	fence	and	out	of	sight	.		
sally	stand	very	still	for	an	instant	,	startled	,	feel	-PRON-	sanity	threaten	by	the	very	absurdity	of	the	thought	.		
tommy	draw	strange	figure	on	the	floor	with	a	piece	of	color	chalk	,	then	erase	-PRON-	quickly	before	-PRON-	could	see	-PRON-	,	refuse	to	let	-PRON-	enter	-PRON-	secret	child	's	world	.		
"	-PRON-	know	now	,	tommy	,	"	the	deep	of	the	two	voice	say	.		
if	-PRON-	love	each	other	-PRON-	be	so	happy	,	so	very	happy	,	-PRON-	break	down	and	cry	.	"		
the	cottage	be	small	,	white	and	attractively	decorate	inside	and	out	.		
"	-PRON-	will	marry	-PRON-	,	of	course	,	"	-PRON-	say	.		
sally	's	eye	come	to	a	focus	upon	-PRON-	,	crouch	by	a	hole	in	the	fence	which	kindly	old	mrs.	wallingford	have	erect	as	a	protection	against	the	pry	inquisitiveness	of	an	eightyearold	determine	to	make	life	miserable	for	-PRON-	.		
the	cab	driver	insist	.		
"	be	construct	the	standin	difficult	,	father	?	"		
"	-PRON-	will	scream	if	-PRON-	stay	!	"		
-PRON-	be	be	three	whole	day	.	"		
and	a	slowly	dawning	horror	.		
sally	rise	on	one	elbow	,	-PRON-	torment	eye	search	-PRON-	face	.		
this	be	-PRON-	office	...		
tommy	would	raid	the	pantry	with	unthink	z	,	invite	other	boy	in	to	look	at	the	westerns	on	tv	,	and	trade	black	eye	for	marble	with	a	healthy	pugnacity	.		
"	as	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	must	throw	away	all	earth	thing	,	-PRON-	son	.		
a	real	father	!		
-PRON-	instill	in	-PRON-	mother	's	mind	an	intense	dislike	and	fear	of	the	office	to	keep	-PRON-	from	ever	come	face	to	face	with	the	standin	.		
-PRON-	do	not	have	to	worry	about	-PRON-	.		
"	where	be	-PRON-	?		
-PRON-	elbow	rest	on	the	desk	and	-PRON-	hand	be	tightly	lock	as	if	-PRON-	have	just	stop	wring	-PRON-	.		
the	neighbor	be	friendly	folk	who	know	-PRON-	husband	as	mr.	james	rand	,	an	energetic	young	insurance	broker	who	would	certainly	carve	a	wide	swath	for	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	choose	profession	now	that	-PRON-	have	so	charming	a	wife	.		
sally	pause	only	an	instant	.		
-PRON-	pause	a	moment	,	then	say	,	"	-PRON-	may	kiss	-PRON-	now	if	-PRON-	wish	,	-PRON-	darling	.	"		
close	-PRON-	eye	,	sally	,	close	-PRON-	tight	!		
"	-PRON-	will	become	hysterical	unless	-PRON-	leave	.	"		
the	firm	's	name	be	on	the	directory	board	in	the	lobby	,	white	on	black	in	beautifully	emboss	lettering	.		
"	-PRON-	have	not	too	much	time	.		
-PRON-	stand	there	look	at	-PRON-	as	if	-PRON-	be	aa	patient	...	"	"	a	patient	?	"		
"	-PRON-	be	very	busy	,	sally	.		
know	-PRON-	old	man	right	off	.	"		
-PRON-	have	buy	a	new	hat	?		
but	-PRON-	be	strange	how	one	light	burn	brightly	in	a	cottage	window	could	make	even	a	wasteland	seem	small	,	could	shrink	and	diminish	-PRON-	until	-PRON-	become	no	more	than	a	patch	of	darkness	that	anyone	with	courage	may	cross	.		
-PRON-	ask	,	lean	forward	to	stare	down	at	-PRON-	son	.		
-PRON-	seem	to	be	the	center	of	a	flaming	red	ball	...	-PRON-	send	for	-PRON-	,	sally	.		
-PRON-	must	take	good	care	of	-PRON-	,	sally	.	"		
-PRON-	will	warm	up	to	-PRON-	then	.		
moonlight	silver	-PRON-	hair	and	touch	-PRON-	white	throat	and	arm	with	a	caress	so	gentle	that	simply	by	close	-PRON-	eye	-PRON-	could	fancy	-PRON-	already	in	-PRON-	arm	.		
lie	beneath	cool	white	sheet	in	the	hospital	sally	look	at	the	other	woman	and	feel	so	deliriously	happy	-PRON-	want	to	cry	.		
-PRON-	seem	quite	natural	to	-PRON-	that	a	business	office	should	be	desert	so	late	in	the	afternoon	.		
a	grow	boy	be	always	a	problem	and	tommy	seem	to	have	a	special	gift	for	get	into	thing	because	-PRON-	be	so	active	.		
-PRON-	have	good	hearing	and	-PRON-	eyesight	appear	to	be	all	that	could	be	desire	.		
sally	tiptoe	down	the	hall	,	stand	with	wildly	beat	heart	just	outside	the	door	.		
there	be	cyclic	rhythm	which	would	set	a	stone	to	dream	and	desire	on	such	a	night	as	this	.	"		
the	elevator	open	and	closed	and	sally	be	whisk	up	eight	story	behind	a	man	in	a	checkered	suit	.		
-PRON-	do	not	answer	,	do	not	move	or	attempt	to	greet	-PRON-	in	any	way	.		
"	-PRON-	should	have	tell	-PRON-	when	-PRON-	get	on	,	miss	!	"		
often	sally	want	to	fly	at	-PRON-	,	beat	with	-PRON-	fist	on	-PRON-	chest	.		
-PRON-	never	go	at	all	?	"		
the	dread	in	-PRON-	heart	give	way	to	a	sudden	,	bleak	despair	.		
"	-PRON-	never	go	to	the	office	,	father	?		
but	peephole	spying	be	another	matter	.		
there	be	an	awful	hollow	agony	in	jimmy	's	chest	as	-PRON-	star	,	a	fear	that	be	partly	a	soundless	scream	and	partly	a	vision	of	uncle	al	sink	down	through	the	dark	water	and	turn	-PRON-	red	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	the	stillness	be	break	by	a	shrill	cry	from	pigtail	anne	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	there	be	no	people	in	the	city	,	but	down	the	aerial	street	shin	object	swirl	with	the	swift	easy	gliding	of	flat	stone	skim	an	edge	of	run	water	.		
-PRON-	read	the	news	item	aloud	,	if	an	account	so	startling	could	be	call	an	item	.		
-PRON-	say	sympathetically	.		
that	mean	jimmy	be	the	man	in	the	family	,	and	wear	the	pant	,	and	nothing	pigtail	say	or	do	could	change	that	for	one	minute	.		
never	let	-PRON-	be	say	that	in	a	struggle	between	the	sex	the	man	of	the	river	do	not	stand	shoulder	to	shoulder	.		
"	uncle	al	do	not	think	so	.		
when	jimmy	look	up	into	the	sky	-PRON-	could	see	all	the	blaze	star	of	space	,	with	cottonmouth	on	every	planet	of	every	sun	.		
-PRON-	be	still	run	when	the	first	blast	come	.		
"	do	not	yell	at	-PRON-	!	"		
something	be	happen	to	jimmy	,	nibble	away	at	the	outer	edge	of	the	fear	like	a	big	,	hungry	river	cat	.		
and	uncle	al	be	still	swim	,	fearfully	close	to	-PRON-	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	the	voice	grow	suddenly	gentle	,	like	a	caress	wind	.		
court	let	dog	pick	owner	!		
-PRON-	have	a	right	to	see	what	be	go	on	in	the	world	!	"		
jimmy	obey	.		
uncle	al	be	shade	-PRON-	eye	too	.		
"	-PRON-	grow	great	and	wise	,	jimmy	,	but	not	quite	wise	enough	to	shed	-PRON-	human	heritage	of	love	and	joy	and	heartbreak	.		
"	or	like	the	eel	of	earth	's	sea	,	jimmy	,	that	must	be	spawn	in	the	depth	of	the	great	cold	ocean	,	and	swim	slowly	back	to	the	bright	highland	and	the	shin	river	of	earth	.		
"	-PRON-	see	,	jimmy	,	-PRON-	be	not	human	in	the	same	way	that	-PRON-	sister	be	humanor	uncle	al	.		
maybe	-PRON-	be	be	watch	,	pigtail	!	"		
"	go	inside	,	pigtail	,	"	jimmy	say	,	calmly	.		
then	the	voice	drone	on	.		
million	dollar	heiress	elope	with	a	clerk	!		
jimmy	refuse	to	be	enrage	.		
but	jimmy	do	see	the	waterspout	,	spiral	skyward	like	the	atom	bomb	explosion	-PRON-	would	goggle	at	in	the	page	of	an	old	life	magazine	,	all	smudge	now	with	oily	thumbprint	.		
out	on	the	deck	and	run	along	the	deck	toward	uncle	al	.		
jimmy	,	-PRON-	have	see	one	!		
"	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	would	find	-PRON-	where	life	flow	simply	and	serenely	,	jimmy	.		
caddis	fly	build	bright	,	shin	new	nest	,	and	dragonfly	nymph	crawl	up	toward	the	sunlight	,	and	pollywog	grow	sturdy	hindlimb	to	conquer	the	land	.		
-PRON-	be	a	long	bold	step	from	fireball	to	fly	saucer	,	jimmy	.		
hurry	!	"	there	be	a	strange	lifting	sensation	in	jimmy	's	chest	now	.		
"	a	star	in	the	sky	,	-PRON-	dope	!	"		
"	-PRON-	be	not	scared	,	uncle	al	,	"	jimmy	plead	.		
the	sky	have	to	be	dark	with	rain	,	and	-PRON-	have	to	feel	scared	,	in	fear	of	drown	.		
to	jimmy	-PRON-	seem	more	like	a	dazzling	burst	of	light	in	the	sky	.		
"	catch	-PRON-	before	-PRON-	harm	uncle	al	!		
jimmy	know	that	a	big	blow	could	come	up	fast	.		
"	-PRON-	see	,	jimmy	,	-PRON-	want	-PRON-	to	study	the	earth	people	on	a	great	,	wide	flow	river	,	far	from	the	cruel	,	twisted	place	.		
deep	in	-PRON-	uncle	's	face	jimmy	see	an	anger	-PRON-	could	not	buck	.		
-PRON-	simply	stop	thrash	in	uncle	al	's	arm	,	as	though	a	great	wonder	have	come	upon	-PRON-	.		
when	the	smoke	clear	jimmy	could	see	the	harmon	shantyboat	.		
uncle	al	be	shoot	now	,	-PRON-	face	as	grim	as	death	.		
not	people	like	-PRON-	,	but	people	all	the	same	.		
but	there	be	cottonmouth	down	there	too	,	with	death	behind	-PRON-	fang	,	and	no	love	for	the	life	that	be	crawl	upward	.		
jimmy	star	at	-PRON-	sister	,	the	paper	jiggle	in	-PRON-	clasp	.		
if	-PRON-	get	hurt	-PRON-	will	go	right	on	fighting	!	"		
especially	the	uncle	als	.		
-PRON-	make	-PRON-	think	instead	of	a	slowly	turn	wheel	in	the	pilot	house	of	a	rot	old	riverboat	,	a	big	,	ghostly	wheel	man	by	a	steersman	a	century	dead	,	-PRON-	eye	socket	fill	with	flicker	swamp	light	.		
as	the	natchez	belle	dwindle	around	a	lazy	,	cypressshadow	bend	pigtail	anne	become	a	superior	being	,	wrap	in	a	cosmopolitan	aura	.		
just	as	though	a	giant	in	the	sky	have	train	a	big	burn	glass	on	the	harmon	brother	and	whip	-PRON-	back	quick	.		
"	save	uncle	al	!	"		
very	close	to	jimmy	,	but	large	,	more	powerful	.		
the	voice	begin	quietly	,	as	though	-PRON-	have	be	wait	for	a	long	time	to	speak	to	jimmy	deep	inside	-PRON-	head	,	and	do	not	want	to	frighten	-PRON-	in	any	way	.		
hurry	!		
"	-PRON-	be	the	shining	ones	,	jimmy	!		
pigtail	anne	see	the	disk	before	jimmy	do	.		
closer	and	closer	the	shin	object	come	,	until	jimmy	could	see	that	-PRON-	be	carry	a	human	infant	that	star	straight	at	jimmy	out	of	wide	,	dark	eye	.		
slowly	uncle	al	and	pigtail	be	draw	into	the	disk	.		
then	pigtail	's	anger	really	flare	up	.		
jimmy	,	what	do	-PRON-	mean	?		
"	do	not	-PRON-	dare	!		
new	flying	monster	report	                        	blaze	gulf	state	skies	jimmy	snatch	the	paper	and	back	away	from	pigtail	,	-PRON-	eye	glue	to	the	headline	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	-PRON-	do	not	sound	like	a	shotgun	blast	.		
-PRON-	be	grow	upwe	can	see	that	!		
then	,	with	mud	suck	at	-PRON-	heel	,	jimmy	be	cling	to	a	slippery	bank	and	star	out	across	the	river	,	shade	-PRON-	eye	against	the	glare	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	jimmy	know	that	the	harmons	have	wait	a	long	time	for	an	excuse	.		
but	-PRON-	be	star	up	the	river	,	not	down	.		
a	tingle	fear	go	through	-PRON-	,	for	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	hard	to	realize	that	the	disk	have	sweep	around	the	bend	out	of	sight	.		
-PRON-	watch	the	sky	with	sharp	eye	,	and	-PRON-	mind	have	grope	closer	to	the	truth	.		
joe	harmon	be	small	and	stout	,	a	little	round	man	with	bushy	eyebrow	and	the	flabby	face	of	a	cottonmouth	snake	.		
-PRON-	be	jimmy	's	little	sister	.		
stay	where	-PRON-	be	.		
there	be	no	deck	for	uncle	al	to	sit	upon	.		
jimmy	look	down	into	the	river	and	then	up	into	the	sky	.		
"	take	-PRON-	easy	,	jimmy	!		
jimmy	hear	-PRON-	protest	.		
-PRON-	be	go	to	take	-PRON-	across	wide	gulfs	of	space	to	the	bright	and	shin	land	of	-PRON-	birth	.	"		
"	-PRON-	can	be	right	smart	when	-PRON-	have	get	nothing	else	on	-PRON-	mind	,	pigtail	,	"	-PRON-	say	.		
just	a	roaring	for	an	instantand	a	big	white	mushroom	shoot	straight	up	into	the	sky	.		
jimmy	could	see	uncle	al	recline	in	the	web	,	with	pigtail	in	the	crook	of	-PRON-	arm	,	-PRON-	long	,	angular	body	as	quiet	as	a	butterfly	in	-PRON-	deep	winter	sleep	inside	a	sway	glass	cocoon	.		
"	sure	as	-PRON-	be	astandin	'	here	.		
the	music	be	wild	,	weird	,	a	little	terrifying	.		
look	all	-PRON-	want	to	!		
but	if	-PRON-	ever	dare	moonson	find	-PRON-	relax	a	little	.		
the	writer	's	face	seem	suddenly	to	age	.		
"	-PRON-	be	come	with	-PRON-	.	"		
when	-PRON-	return	-PRON-	stare	-PRON-	eye	sparkle	with	friendly	interest	,	but	no	suggestive	,	flirtatious	intent	.		
deep	within	-PRON-	-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	have	become	a	stranger	to	-PRON-	own	wife	and	the	realization	sharply	increase	-PRON-	torment	.		
the	boy	and	the	girl	walk	toward	the	door	together	,	a	young	and	extremely	pretty	girl	and	a	boy	grow	suddenly	to	the	full	stature	of	a	man	.		
so	even	here	there	be	fly	in	every	ointment	,	and	no	dream	of	perfection	could	remain	unchallenged	.		
childhood	fear	-PRON-	have	think	bury	forever	have	return	to	plague	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	have	develop	a	sudden	,	terrible	dread	of	the	fogginess	outside	the	move	viewpane	,	the	way	the	machine	-PRON-	wheel	and	dip	when	an	ancient	ruin	come	sweep	toward	-PRON-	.		
but	just	one	quick	beer	,	no	more	.		
the	ritual	be	a	completely	natural	one	.		
sure	,	-PRON-	be	in	the	groove	now	,	but	-PRON-	never	can	tell	!		
violet	eye	-PRON-	have	,	not	black	as	-PRON-	seem	at	first	glance	but	a	deep	,	lustrous	violet	.		
the	tower	crest	of	each	age	may	be	visible	but	there	could	be	no	return	to	one	tiny	insignificant	spot	in	the	mighty	ocean	of	time	.		
-PRON-	star	at	-PRON-	...	sunburn	almost	black	.		
-PRON-	could	not	fight	that	kind	of	strength	.		
people	come	here	not	only	to	dance	but	to	eat	,	and	the	thought	of	the	dancer	imply	that	there	be	nothing	stylize	about	a	tavern	.		
-PRON-	be	cruelly	afraid	most	of	the	time	.		
the	man	from	time	have	an	impulse	to	get	up	,	walk	over	to	the	two	frightened	child	and	comfort	-PRON-	with	a	reassuring	smile	.		
-PRON-	be	dark	when	-PRON-	reach	the	cabin	.		
later	have	come	lean	and	bitter	year	until	finally	-PRON-	reputation	dwindle	like	a	gutt	candle	in	a	wintry	room	at	midnight	.		
very	cautiously	-PRON-	lower	the	mental	barrier	and	the	man	's	thought	impinge	on	-PRON-	mind	in	bewilder	confusion	.		
without	-PRON-	-PRON-	could	not	hope	to	find	complete	understanding	and	sympathy	here	.		
the	music	go	round	and	round	!		
a	tall	man	in	illfitt	black	clothe	approach	moonson	's	table	,	interrupt	-PRON-	reflection	with	thought	that	seem	design	to	disturb	and	distract	-PRON-	out	of	sheer	perversity	.		
the	black	plague	in	london	,	the	great	fire	,	the	spanish	armada	in	flame	off	the	coast	of	a	bleak	little	island	that	would	soon	mold	the	destiny	of	half	the	worldhow	meaningless	-PRON-	all	seem	in	the	shadow	of	-PRON-	fear	!		
-PRON-	respect	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	do	not	let	-PRON-	feel	that	way	.	then	something	happen	.		
back	and	forth	the	writer	pace	,	bar	-PRON-	inmost	thought	...	-PRON-	wife	be	desperately	ill	and	the	future	look	completely	black	.		
-PRON-	do	not	know	what	-PRON-	mean	to	be	so	paralyzed	with	fright	that	-PRON-	can	not	write	at	all	!	"		
-PRON-	look	steadily	at	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	eye	speak	to	-PRON-	...	life	be	great	than	-PRON-	know	.		
-PRON-	star	down	at	-PRON-	head	against	-PRON-	knee	,	at	-PRON-	beautiful	back	and	sleek	,	dark	hair	.		
the	man	from	time	be	silent	but	-PRON-	eye	shine	curiously	.		
-PRON-	would	ground	out	lipsticksmudg	cigarette	until	the	ash	tray	be	spill	over	.		
"	good	morning	,	mister	!	"		
the	writer	stop	pace	suddenly	and	draw	-PRON-	erect	.		
get	rid	of	-PRON-	and	come	over	to	-PRON-	table	!	"		
there	be	no	pity	in	mike	but	would	-PRON-	pride	let	-PRON-	hotrod	an	eighteenyearold	?		
-PRON-	have	live	too	long	with	fear	,	-PRON-	think	.		
-PRON-	would	never	find	-PRON-	because	time	be	too	vast	to	pinpoint	one	man	in	such	a	vast	waste	of	year	.		
"	come	on	,	"	-PRON-	say	quietly	.		
and	mike	would	not	be	satisfied	until	-PRON-	be	break	into	little	bit	.		
-PRON-	car	's	outside	and	if	mike	try	to	stop	-PRON-	-PRON-	will	fix	-PRON-	!	"		
that	be	all	-PRON-	ask	!		
-PRON-	love	-PRON-	so	much	-PRON-	would	die	to	make	-PRON-	happy	.	       	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	joe	be	shake	when	-PRON-	slip	into	the	chair	leave	vacant	by	mike	and	reach	out	for	both	-PRON-	hand	.		
-PRON-	begin	to	walk	,	pause	an	instant	in	the	middle	of	the	bridge	to	stare	down	at	a	stream	of	water	that	ripple	in	the	sunlight	over	mosscovered	rock	.		
so	the	man	do	all	of	the	talking	,	not	want	or	wait	for	an	answer	.		
mike	be	strong	in	too	many	different	way	.		
as	-PRON-	do	so	-PRON-	arm	tighten	about	-PRON-	until	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	wonder	what	-PRON-	could	have	do	to	deserve	such	a	woman	.		
but	then	-PRON-	get	to	know	and	like	a	woman	,	and	-PRON-	do	not	feel	that	way	so	much	.		
this	side	of	paradise	.		
there	be	obviously	no	enthrone	authority	here	,	no	bejewel	king	to	pacify	when	emotion	run	wild	,	but	complete	freedom	to	embrace	joy	with	corybantic	abandonment	.		
fear	in	the	mind	of	a	boy	and	a	girl	because	-PRON-	desperately	want	one	another	!		
then	-PRON-	see	joe	enter	the	room	.		
time	have	be	conquer	but	no	man	be	yet	wise	enough	to	heal	-PRON-	if	a	stark	,	unreason	fear	take	possession	of	-PRON-	mind	and	heart	,	give	-PRON-	no	peace	.		
-PRON-	be	try	to	write	-PRON-	back	into	fame	.		
but	a	horrible	thing	that	have	happen	to	-PRON-	,	have	awaken	in	-PRON-	a	lonely	nightmare	of	restlessness	.		
-PRON-	have	live	like	a	man	imprison	,	shut	away	from	the	sunlight	.		
-PRON-	almost	shout	.		
"	welcome	,	stranger	,	"	-PRON-	say	.		
mike	will	kill	-PRON-	anyway	!		
-PRON-	be	high	noon	when	-PRON-	reach	the	tavern	.		
"	-PRON-	will	kill	-PRON-	,	joe	!		
but	-PRON-	lurch	in	an	agony	of	unbalance	and	open	-PRON-	eyesto	see	the	green	surface	beneath	-PRON-	flash	like	a	suddenly	uncover	jewel	.		
-PRON-	be	strong	than	-PRON-	think	.		
there	be	a	few	people	like	that	in	the	world	but	-PRON-	sometimes	go	a	lifetime	without	meet	one	.		
-PRON-	sit	in	an	office	and	when	people	come	to	-PRON-	beg	for	favor	-PRON-	just	laugh	.		
even	about	some	that	be	not	so	pretty	.		
sweat	come	out	in	great	bead	on	-PRON-	forehead	as	-PRON-	work	.		
-PRON-	be	smile	now	.		
-PRON-	be	rare	and	-PRON-	be	expensive	!	oh	,	darl	,	darl	,	hold	-PRON-	closer	!		
mike	say	-PRON-	be	okay	to	serve	-PRON-	if	-PRON-	come	in	from	the	beach	just	as	-PRON-	be	.		
scott	fitzgerald	.	moonson	bow	-PRON-	thank	,	turn	and	leave	the	cabin	.		
-PRON-	have	never	imagine	that	a	sensitive	and	imaginative	manan	artistcould	be	so	completely	abandon	by	the	society	-PRON-	genius	have	help	to	enrich	.		
-PRON-	would	not	have	the	nerve	to	parade	around	in	trunk	like	that	even	on	a	public	beach	.		
morning	find	-PRON-	walk	across	fresh	meadowland	with	the	dew	glisten	on	-PRON-	bare	head	and	broad	,	straight	shoulder	.		
slow	movement	rather	than	lively	one	,	a	bowing	and	a	scraping	with	bowl	of	fruit	extend	in	gift	offering	at	every	turn	.		
-PRON-	wheel	be	not	rig	.		
as	-PRON-	star	into	the	big	man	's	eye	-PRON-	fear	seem	to	fade	away	.		
rather	regretfully	moonson	watch	-PRON-	go	.		
always	a	woman	bother	-PRON-	for	as	long	as	-PRON-	can	remember	.		
okay	?	"		
-PRON-	sit	watch	,	feel	-PRON-	fear	beat	in	tumultuous	wave	into	-PRON-	brain	.		
