216.]		
It is more proper and is more becoming for the fair to drink to excess.		
Who could have supposed it?		
[Footnote 785: Bid those do this.Ver.		
And would his companion, forsooth, come bedecked to Ajax, him whose covering was seven hides of oxen.		
By the advice of Circe, Ulysses filled the ears of his companions with melted wax, that they might not hear the songs of the Sirens.]		
Never should I have asked thee, Andromache, nor thee, Tecmessa, that one of you would be my mistress.		
'Twas thus that, in the captured city, when Hercules beheld Iole; "Her," said he, "do I love."		
Conceal your blemishes; and, so far as you can, hide the imperfections of your person.		
the whole Forum resounding with their cries.		
[Footnote 1007: And in place ofVer.		
192.		
Lots were also thrown, by means of the dice, to show in what order each person was to drink.		
Many a time, at the funeral of a husband, is another husband found.		
And 'tis no hard matter to be believed; each woman seems to herself worthy to be loved.		
See the Notes to the Fasti, Book ii.		
How nearly was I recommending you that there should be no shocking goat [1036] in the armpits, and that your legs should not be rough with harsh hair.		
How much is there wanting for unlimited enjoyment after a kiss!		
The barbarian fair one of Phasis avenged the fault of her husband, and the violated rights of a wife, by the death of her sons.		
[Footnote 1042: Of the cesypum.Ver.		
The 'libellus,' here mentioned, was the list of the horses, with their names and colours, and those of the drivers.		
If Andromache was clad in a coarse tunic, what wonder is it?		
These screens, or umbrellas, were much used by the Roman ladies in the amphitheatre, to protect them from sun and rain, when the 'velarium,' or awning, was not extended.]		
* Perfectly well.Ver.		
663.		
368.		
There is a story told, very well known in all the heavens, how Mars and Venus [969] were caught by the contrivance of Mulciber.		
Minos possesses the land, and he possesses the ocean; neither earth nor water is open for our escape; there remains a path through the heavens; through the heavens will we attempt to go.		
[Footnote 987: Seven times five years.Ver.		
42, of the same Elegy.]		
She shuddered, just as the barren ears of corn, which the wind shakes; just as the slender reed quivers in the swampy marsh.		
[1067] The fleece, too, so bewailed, O Phryxus, of thy sister, shining with its yellow hair, celebrated by Varro.		
30.		
El.		
Augustus sent his grandson, Caius, the son of his daughter Julia and Agrippa, to head an expedition against Phraates, the king of the Parthians, the conquerors of Crassus; from this expedition he did not live to return, but perished in battle.]		
xiii.		
He alludes to those who continued to slip into dead men's shoes, by making trifling presents of niceties.		
223.		
And do not delay to place the footstool before the tasteful, couch; [929] and take off or put on the sandals for her delicate feet.		
Or let his Epistles be repeated by you with wellmodulated voice; this kind of composition, [1071] unknown to others, did he invent."		
Those who are in a hurry, let them drink of new wine; for me let the cask, stored up in the times [988] of ancient Consuls, pour forth the wine of my ancestors.		
It was the custom at Baiæ, in the summertime, for both sexes to cruise about the shore in boats of various colours, both in the daytime and at night, with sumptuous feasts and bands of music on board.]		
But neither is the tawny boar so fierce in the midst of his rage, when he hurls the furious dogs with the lightning shock of his tusks; nor the lioness, when she is giving the breast to her sucking whelps; nor the little viper, when inhired by the heedless foot; as the woman, who is furious on detecting the rival of her nuptial couch, and bears on her features the proofs of her feelings.		
408.		
The woods were their houses, grass their food, and leaves their beds; and for a long time the one was unknown to the other.		
177.		
86.		
224.		
213.		
576.		
In his hands there was a laurel, placed on his holy locks there was a laurel: visible as a Poet he came.		
Her complexion was not made an objection against Andromeda by him, on whose two feet were the waving wings.		
[Footnote 1047: Toilet in the temple.Ver.		
iii, where he makes mention of the columns in the Portico of the Danaides.]		
Even in the gait, there are certain points of gracefulness not to be disregarded; this both attracts and repels men who are strange to you.		
Amphion and Zethuswere the sons of Jupiter and Antiope.		
If the merits of an old man are but small, grant a return to this boy; if thou art unwilling to favour the boy, then favour the old man."		
Frequent the altars of the Memphian heifer, [1087] that smoke with frankincense; frequent the three Theatres, [1088] in conspicuous positions.		
Alas!		
[Footnote 1055: Umbrian.Ver.		
196.		
674.		
71.		
The fastenings give way; and the wax melts, the Divinity being so near; and his arms, when moved, no longer catch the light breeze.		
On seeing your nets, a new lover will stop short.		
It was a custom of the Romans, borrowed from the Assyrians, to lament Adonis in the temple of Venus.		
When she can conceal the paper fastened to her calf, and carry the tender note beneath her sandalled foot.		
[Footnote 716: Shooting stream.Ver.		
Why should I recommend you to send tender lines as well?		
626.		
100.		
The skill of this game consisted either in taking the pieces of the adversary, or rendering them unable to move.		
See the Fasti, Book iii.		
In his sorrowing bosom he supports the dying body of his spouse, and with his tears he bathes her cruel wounds.		
Or under what part of the sky dost thou fly?"		
1.		
Let another Lave her hair tied behind after the manner of wellgirt Diana, as she is wont when she hunts the scared wild beasts.		
[1030] Lo!		
166.		
81.		
They were much resorted to by those who wished to take exercise without exposure to the heat of the sun.		
[922] Yet, untamed as she was, she yielded to the deserving qualities of a man.		
649.		
=3.		
INVIDE, QVID LACERAS NASONIS CARMINA RAPTI.= Compare the question that opens Am I xv 'Quid mihi, Liuor edax, ignauos obicis annos, / ingeniique uocas carmen inertis opus'.		
In 3946 Ovid moves to the somewhat discordant topic (which serves however to reemphasize his misery at Tomis) of how he continues to write poetry to take his mind off present evils, a theme he had used several times before, most notably in EP I v. He ends the poem with a request that Severus send him some of his recent work (4750).		
=75.		
15, 19 (=32, ed.		
The notes are based on Merkel's second edition; Némethy lists in a preface his few departures from Merkel's text.		
perstat enim Fortuna tenax, uotisque malignum       opponit nostris insidiosa pedem.		
non potuit mea mens quin esset grata teneri;       sit precor officio non grauis ira pio.		
The elder Seneca quoted with approval Severus' lines on the death of Cicero, as the finest lament produced on the subject (Suas VI 26: Winterbottom ad loc refers to a commentary by H. Homeyer, Annales univ.		
=8.		
However, as Syme recognizes, the abnormal length of the book indicates that it may be a posthumous collection (see page 4 of the introduction); if so, the arrangement of the poems is presumably by Ovid's literary executor.		
=119.		
=59.		
di quoque carminibus, si fas est dicere, fiunt,   55       tantaque maiestas ore canentis eget:     sic Chaos ex illa naturae mole prioris       digestum partes scimus habere suas;     sic adfectantes caelestia regna Gigantas       ad Styga nimbiferi uindicis igne datos;         60     sic uictor laudem superatis Liber ab Indis,       Alcides capta traxit ab Oechalia;     et modo, Caesar, auum, quem uirtus addidit astris,       sacrarunt aliqua carmina parte tuum.		
=5.		
TELAQVE ... QVAE NOCVERE SEQVOR.= See at xiii 41 nocuerunt (p 406).		
30     scilicet eiusdem est, quamuis pugnare uidentur,       supplicibus facilem, sontibus esse trucem.		
DVMQVE LATVS SANCTI CINGIT TIBI TVRBA SENATVS.= Compare iv 41 'inde domum repetes toto comitante senatu'; Ovid is here obviously referring to the earlier procession from the new consul's house.		
The sense of nimium seen here is not generally found in poetry, or even in literary prose; the instances cited by OLD nimium2 2 are all from comedy, Cato, and the letters of Cicero.		
in Scythia nobis quinquennis Olympias acta         5       iam tempus lustri transit in alterius.		
=8.		
CANDIDVS ET FELIX PROXIMVS ANNVS ERIT.= Compare Fast I 6364 'ecce tibi faustum, Germanice, nuntiat annum / inque meo primus carmine Ianus adest'.		
All three passages are drawn from Il XV 674746, the description of how Ajax repulsed Hector's attempt to set the Greek ships afire, and in particular from 73031 '[Greek: enth ar' ho g' hestêkei dedokêmenos, encheï d' aiei / Trôas amyne neôn, hos tis pheroi akamaton pyr]'.		
SIC ... LAVDEM ... ALCIDES CAPTA TRAXIT AB OECHALIA.= Hercules attacked and captured Oechalia in order to carry off Iole, the king's daughter.		
Tr V viii, the poem closest in theme to the present one, is a warning to his enemy that Fortune is changeable and Augustus merciful, so he and Ovid might one day change situations.		
20     tu modo si quid agi sperabis posse precando,       quos colis exora supplice uoce deos.		
=3132.		
=20.		
Quique quod is obviously prone to haplography; on the other hand, it could be a rewriting of qui quod id es, which is itself presumably a simple corruption through interchange of qui quod es id.		
Quadrisyllabic endings are similarly frequent in the poetry of exile: see at ii 10 Alcinoo (p 164).		
REBVS ... FACTISQVE.= 'Through financial help or action on my behalf'.		
=27.		
LEGIS ... SEVERAE.= Seuerae here serves as a standard epithet and has no such special force as at EP III iii 5758 'uetiti ... lege seuera / credor adulterii composuisse notas'.		
=33.		
10     ille ego sum, quamquam non uis audire, uetusta       paene puer puero iunctus amicitia; ad ingratum MFB2H2 ad inuidum I2 || 1 conquerar] con****ar M1 (confitear primitus?) || sine add M2 || 2 qui sis] quis sis HLTM2 || 3 ne] nec (Bac)CH || commendere] commendare CL || querela] querelam Cpc quelelam Cac || 4 carmine] carmi/ne I nomine H || 5 dum] cum M || 7 nunc quia] dum mea F1 || contraxit] traxit M1 abtraxit [sic] M2 || 9 me uis] uis me IpcT uis Iac || uideri] fateri M2ulF2ul tueri P || 10 quisque] quique HacP || sit add C1? || 1112 post 1314 ponit B || 11 quamquam] qVAMQVAM I2?c qUm C (=quoniam) quamuis M2ul || 12 iunctus] uinctus HP || amicitia] amicia M     ille ego qui primus tua seria nosse solebam,       et tibi iucundis primus adesse iocis;     ille ego conuictor densoque domesticus usu;       15       ille ego iudiciis unica Musa tuis.		
ANTICYRA.= Three places of this name are known from ancient sources; it is not known which of them Ovid had in mind.		
TEPIDVM QVI SPIRAT.= For the construction compare Met IX 661 'sub aduentu spirantis lene Fauoni' and Avienus Descr Orb 847 'uel qua lene Notus spirat'.		
NEC TE CAVSAS NESCIRE SINEMVS / HORRIDA SARMATICVM CVR MARE DVRET HIEMPS.= Ovid's principal explanation of the freezing of the Euxine, the low salinity of the water, is found in four other Latin authors.		
=5.		
SCVLPTILE.= The word does not seem to occur again in Latin until Prudentius Steph X 266.		
Ovid would therefore be saying that the kind of geographical maiestas the Tomitans were accusing him of did not constitute a proper charge.		
=37.		
NASO SVIS OPIBVS, CARMINE, GRATVS ERIT.= Compare Am II xvii 27 'sunt mihi pro magno felicia carmina censu' and Am I iii entire.		
OPVLENTIA CROESI.= Croesus as the archetype of wealth also at Tr III vii 4142 'nempe dat ... Fortuna rapitque, / Irus et est subito qui modo Croesus erat'.		
Tanto quanto is generally printed: it is acceptable enough (compare EP II ix 1112 'regia, crede mihi, res est succurrere lapsis, / conuenit et tanto, quantus es ipse, uiro'), but is very weakly attested, and does not explain the transmitted reading.		
TER QVATER ... LAETVS.= 'Infinitely happy'; compare Prop III xii 15 'ter quater in casta felix, o Postume, Galla!		
For Professor Tarrant's taetrum compare Lucretius I 936 'absinthia taetra', Dirae 23 'taetra uenena', and Hal 131 'nigrum ... uirus'.		
Professor A. Dalzell points out in particular '[Greek: tris ... tris]' paralleling ter ... ter in the present passage.		
The apparatus is in every way a great improvement on that of Lenz.		
Ovid plays on the primary meaning of the word, 'shake out', at Am I viii 4546 'has quoque quae frontis rugas in uertice portant [Burman: quas ... portas codd] / excute; de rugis crimina multa cadent'.		
In 1924 the Loeb Classical Library published A. L. Wheeler's text and translation of the Tristia and Ex Ponto.		
=21.		
PRINCIPIBVS ... VIRIS.= A fixed colloquial idiom: OLD princeps1 5 cites Plautus Amphitruo 204 'delegit uiros primorum principes' and Hor Ep I xvii 35 'principibus placuisse uiris non ultima laus est'.		
sodali / mittit ... hoc breue carmen'.		
[Footnote 19: A drinkingvessel holding one third of a sextarius (OLD triens 3).]		
Compare EP I vi 2728 'spes igitur menti poenae, Graecine, leuandae / non est ex toto nulla relicta meae'.		
For this sense of plenus ('abundant'), compare Am I viii 56 'plena uenit canis de grege praeda lupis', Nux 9192 'illa [the tree that is not near a road] suo quaecumque tulit dare dona colono / et plenos fructus adnumerare potest', Hor Sat I i 57, and Cic Sex Rosc 6 'alienam pecuniam tam plenam atque praeclaram'.		
The conjecture is elegant enough, but the manuscript reading seems sufficiently supported by Her II 7576 (Phyllis to Demophoon) 'de tanta rerum turba factisque parentis / sedit in ingenio Cressa relicta tuo' and EP III i 144 'per rerum turbam tu quoque oportet eas'; compare as well Columella XI 2 25.		
sodali / mittit ab Euxinis hoc breue carmen aquis'.		
=56.		
In the last two passages, as here, there is a specific reference to epic verse.		
CLAVAQVE.= For Theseus' club see Her IV 11516 (Phaedra to Hippolytus) 'ossa mei fratris claua perfracta trinodi / sparsit humi' and Her X 77 'me quoque, qua fratrem, mactasses, improbe, claua'.		
Macer is discussed in the section of SchanzHosius dealing with Ovid's catalogue of poets (26972; § 318); I give references to SchanzHosius below only for poets dealt with outside this section.]		
=12.		
Rendiconti [Classe di Lettere] ser.		
=126.		
da ueniam fasso: studiis quoque frena remisi,       ducitur et digitis littera rara meis.		
=5.		
haec ubi dixeritis, seruet sua dona rogate;       45       sic fuerit uestrae causa peracta uiae.		
IPSE VIDES RIGIDO STANTIA VINA GELV.= The same picture more explicitly given at Tr III x 2324 'nudaque consistunt, formam seruantia testae, / uina, nec hausta meri, sed data frusta bibunt'.		
The manuscript reading which most closely approaches this text is that of L and F3, QVAQVE VIAM FACIAS AD MEA VOTA, VIDE; the other manuscripts have the same text, except that QVOQVE is found in some for quaque, while for uide there are the variants MODO, VADO, and VALE.		
=75.		
It is particularly frequent in the latter half of the pentameter, immediately before the disyllable: compare, from many instances, AA III 43132 'ire solutis / crinibus et fletus non tenuisse decet' and Tr IV viii 512 'nunc erat ut posito deberem fine laborum / uiuere, me nullo sollicitante metu, / quaeque meae semper placuerunt otia menti / carpere et in studiis molliter esse meis, / et paruam celebrare domum ueteresque Penates ... inque sinu dominae carisque sodalibus inque / securus patria consenuisse mea'.		
=25.		
=38.		
=54.		
It is clear from his poetry that Ovid had a good knowledge of at least the first book of Herodotus: (1) Met III 13537 'sed scilicet ultima semper / expectanda dies homini est, dicique beatus / ante obitum nemo supremaque funera debet' may have been drawn from Solon's advice to Croesus at Herodotus I 32 7: '[Greek: ei de pros toutoisi] [if in addition to having prosperity while alive] [Greek: eti teleutêsei ton bion eu, houtos ekeinos ton su zêteeis, ho] [[Greek: ho] add Stein] [Greek: olbios keklêsthai axios esti; prin d' an teleutêsêi, epischein mêde kaleein kô olbion, all' eutychea]'.		
=47.		
=17.		
NE CVNCTA QVERAMVR.= 'So that not everything I say will be a complaint'.		
.		
=5758.		
The idiom was probably subliterary: the only instances from the time of Ovid cited by OLD totum 2 are Celsus III 3 71b 'neque ex toto in remissionem desistit' and Columella V 6 17 'antequam ex toto arbor praeualescat'.		
The harps, and the pipes, and the lyres, soften the feelings; the voices, too, and the arms, moved to their proper time.		
The process of engrafting was performed in the spring.		
A second one had now been healed; his nearness to her affected him.		
That, Paris, thou mightst hate thine own cause of sorrow, thou oughtst to have placed the deaths of thy brothers before thine eyes."		
[Footnote 1237: Mangled thy poems.Ver.		
Soft Elegy should sing of the Loves with their quivers, and the sprightly mistress ought to sport according to her own inclination.		
There is, near the Collinian [1253] gate, a venerable temple; the lofty Ervx gave this temple its name.		
For, inasmuch as he swore by his sceptre, that the daughter of Brises had never been touched by him; 'tis clear that he did not think [1282] his sceptre was the Gods.		
But still you will depart; then you will be longing to return.		
The country, too, soothes the feelings, and the pursuits of agriculture: any anxiety whatever may give way before this employment.		
This is often wont to injure the herds as well.		
Bid the tamed oxen place their necks beneath their burden, that the crooked ploughshare may wound the hard ground.		
[Footnote 1241: CydippeVer.		
Some one may style my precepts harsh: I confess that they are harsh; but that you may recover, you will have to endure much that is to be lamented.		
[Footnote 1243: Noble Epic.Ver.		
Being mostly liberated slaves, the 'institores' were looked upon with great contempt by the Romans.]		
And do not think it is enough to depart; be absent for a long time, until the flame has lost its power and the ashes are without their fire.		
He alludes to the story of the woods losing their leaves in their grief for Phyllis.]		
185.		
You will weep when the name of your forsaken mistress shall recur to you: and many a time will your foot linger in the middle of your path.		
Oeuone, too, would have retained Paris to her latest years, if she had not been supplanted by her Aebalian rival.		
Do you enquire why Ægisthus became an adulterer?		
577.		
[Footnote 1220: Still is.Ver.		
See the Tristia, Book iv.		
Without thy wife thou didst go to Crete; and thou couldst, at thy ease, be absent from thy spouse.		
Perhaps you will be loth to depart from your paternal home.		
If any damsel is without a voice, request her to sing; if any fair one does not know how to move her hands [1231] with gracefulness, make her dance.		
10, and the Note.]		
He compiled a work in dispraise of Homer, and was called by the ancients, 'Horaeromastix,' 'the scourge of Homer.'		
13.]		
[Footnote 1223: Tiberinus.Ver.		
Or do you follow the pursuit of hunting.		
Colchian damsel, what did the herbs of the Phasian land avail thee, when thou didst desire to remain in thy native home?		
She did come out; on seeing his mistress, he was dumb.		
The 'soccus' was a low shoe, which did not fit closely, and had no tie.		
See the Metamorphoses, Book x. L 45, and the Note.]		
And don't you fear showers; nor let the Sabbaths [1218] of the stranger detain you; nor yet the Allia, [1219] so well known for its disasters.		
[Footnote 1206: Assertor.Ver.		
Some things there are which cannot be recommended at the bidding of any one; still, the same, if happening by chance, are often wont to be of service.		
At the moment, too, when she shall be smearing her face with the cosmetics laid on it, you may come in the presence of your mistress, and don't let shame prevent you.		
For as some dispositions vary, I am varying my precepts as well.		
Let your object lie concealed; that will come to pass which you shall not avow.		
Say, "This thing and that of mine does she keep; and not content with that spoliation, she has put up for sale [1227] my paternal home.		
[Footnote 1261: Your foliage lost.Ver.		
The cause of her death is well known; she was without a companion.		
17, 18, and the Note.		
But lest, perchance, you should suppose that I am framing new laws for you, (and would that the glory of the discovery were my own!)		
His hands both fell, and his two tablets from out of his hands.		
if these things could influence you, you are trifling; torches but lukewarm have been influencing your breast.		
1.		
Conquer equally the arrows of Cupid and of the Parthians, and bring back a twofold trophy to the Gods of your country.		
Let these be your Syrtes; avoid these as your Acroceraunia; [1272] here does the ruthless Charybdis vomit forth and swallow down the waves.		
In another direction the lofty woods are resounding with lowings; and the dam is complaining that her calf is missing.		
[Footnote 1232: Stomacher.Ver.		
I have laughed at his being deceived, who was pretending that he was in love; and the fowler has fallen into his own nets.		
See the Fasti, B. i.		
Give heed to me as I sing; and Phoebus, giver of health, as thou art wont, be thou propitious to my attempts.		
What he could, he did; that he might not be doing nothing, he fell in love.		
It did me good to be ever dwelling upon the failings of my mistress; and that, when done, often proved wholesome for me.		
He whose father is harsh, though other things should prove to his wish, before his eyes must his harsh father be placed.		
He rushed into her em braces; and "thus," said he, "do you prove the conqueror.'		
421, and the Note.		
xii.		
Ye men that are offended by your mistresses, ye fair that are affronted by the men, from the example of Phyllis, shun too lonesome spots.		
47; the Ibis, 1.		
[Footnote 1247: Odrysian.Ver.		
313.		
Why occupy myself with illustrations, the number of which exhausts me?		
This work have I completed; present the garlands to my wearied bark.		
[Footnote 1258: Palinurus.Ver.		
When this you have done, when at last you reach the shore, 'tis not enough for you to have abandoned her.		
The daughter of Nisus [1271] past by, the cautious mariner rejoices.		
1.		
451.]		
367.		
The fire next door is guarded against with difficulty;'tis prudent to keep away from the neighbouring haunts.		
'Tis enough not to care for her; he who terminates his love with hate, either still loves on, or with difficulty will cease to be wretched.		
And 'tis no less proper to avoid the lustful rocket, and whatever else provokes our bodies to lust.		
306.		
At least, I should have done so, and 1 am not any wiser than he.		
[Footnote 1234: Of the fleece.Ver.		
Go and read through my treatises on the art of Love; then may your bark speed on, well freighted with the fair.		
