-PRON-	be	in	execution	,	-PRON-	understand	,	above	    	all	praise	.		
4to	.		
[	137	]	the	member	of	the	franciscan	order	be	the	stoics	of	christendom	.		
axiologus	.		
24mo	.		
moon	and	star	    	keep	-PRON-	most	solemn	vigil	when	the	clouds	    	watch	also	,	shift	peaceably	-PRON-	place	    	like	band	of	minister	spirit	,	or	when	-PRON-	lie	,	    	as	if	some	protean	art	the	change	have	work	,	                   	75	    	in	listless	quiet	o’er	the	ethereal	deep	    	scatter	,	a	cyclades[250	]	of	various	shape	    	and	all	degree	of	beauty	.		
the	edinburgh	review	,	xi	.		
in	a	letter	to	professor	henry	reed	(	31st	july	1845	)	wordsworth	say	this	poem	may	interest	-PRON-	as	exhibit	what	sort	of	character	-PRON-	mountain	breed	.		
be	letters	and	records	here	first	publish	.	…	edit	,	with	introduction	,	notes	,	and	narrative	,	by	alexander	h.	japp	.		
lecture	on	the	british	poet	.	philadelphia	:	claxton	,	reinsen	and	haffelfinger	.		
with	an	essay	on	style	.		
in	a	fable	for	critic	,	p.	133	.		
wordsworth	and	byron	.	"	the	nineteenth	century	,	xv	.		
oxford	:	clarendon	press	.		
let	bacchus	,	donor	of	soulquick’n	cheer	,	    	be	present	;	kindly	juno	,	be	thou	near	!		
1.ed	.		
…	pull	    	1807	.		
ease	of	a	cumbrous	load	,	    	and	loosen	from	the	world	,	-PRON-	turn	to	thee	;	    	shun	,	like	a	shatter	bark	,	the	storm	,	and	flee	    	to	thy	protection	for	a	safe	abode	.		
gillies	,	r.	p.	memoirs	of	a	literary	veteran	;	include	sketches	and	anecdotes	of	the	most	distinguished	literary	characters	from	1794	to	1849	.		
the	poems	of	william	wordsworth	,	d.c.l.	,	poet	laureate	,	etc	.		
20	                             	dorothy	wordsworth	.		
edinburgh	:	oliver	&	boyd	.		
-PRON-	occur	in	a	ms	.	copy	of	the	sonnet	which	record	the	tour	of	1833	to	the	isle	of	man	and	to	scotland	.	ed	.		
american	methodist	review.[541	]	vol	.		
shairp	,	j.	c.	studies	in	poetry	and	philosophy	.		
that	homage	pay	,	the	young	retire	    	with	no	unsatisfied	desire	;	                                     	105	    	theirs	be	one	long	,	one	steady	sleep	,	    	till	the	sun	,	tiptoe	on	the	steep	    	in	front	of	-PRON-	beloved	cot	,	    	casts	on	the	wall	-PRON-	bright	beam	.		
[	292	]	    	what	then	want	the	child	to	temper	,	    	in	-PRON-	breast	,	unruly	fire	,	    	to	control	the	froward	impulse	                                   	75	    	and	restrain	the	vague	desire	?		
what	peril	meet	ænea	in	-PRON-	course	,	                            	15	    	how	juno	’s	hate	with	unrelenting	force	    	pursue	thy	brotherthis	to	thee	be	know	;	    	and	ofttime	hast	thou	make	-PRON-	grief	thine	own	.		
one	of	the	poems	of	the	imagination.”ed	.		
320	.		
by	a.	parsons	.		
the	nineteenth	century	,	lx	.		
shade	of	the	prisonhouse	begin	to	close	          	upon	the	grow	boy	,	    	but	-PRON-	behold	the	light	,	and	whence	-PRON-	flow	          	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	joy	;	                                     	70	    	the	youth	,	who	daily	farther	from	the	east	          	must	travel	,	still	be	nature	’s	priest	,	          	and	by	the	vision	splendid	          	be	on	-PRON-	way	attend	;	    	at	length	the	man	perceive	it[318	]	die	away	,	                    	75	    	and	fade	into	the	light	of	common	day	.		
8vo	.		
248	.	)		
[	416	]	fiftyfour	person	have	perish	,	before	grace	darling	’s	lifeboat	reach	the	wreck	.	ed	.		
each	being	have	-PRON-	office	,	lowly	some	    	and	common	,	yet	all	worthy	if	fulfil	                         	670	    	with	zeal	,	acknowledgment	that	with	the	gift	    	keeps	pace	,	a	harvest	answering	to	the	seed	    	of	illadvis	ambition	and	of	pride	    	-PRON-	would	stand	clear	,	but	yet	to	-PRON-	-PRON-	feel	    	that	an	internal	brightness	be	vouchsafe	                       	675	    	that	must	not	die	,	that	must	not	pass	away	.		
illustrate	with	100	design	by	birket	foster	and	other	.		
wordsworth	and	carlyle	:	a	literary	parallel	.	"	temple	bar	,	cv	.		
a.		
[	156	]	the	latter	,	as	-PRON-	express	,	be	write	in	-PRON-	advanced	year	,	when	-PRON-	be	natural	that	the	platonism	that	pervade	the	one	should	give	way	to	the	christian	feeling	that	inspire	the	other	:	between	both	there	be	more	than	poetic	affinity	.	i.f.	]		
46	1891	.		
no	date	.		
8vo	.		
[	441	]	in	1820	the	four	separate	publication	,	the	waggoner	,	etc	.	,	thanksgiving	ode	,	etc	.	,	peter	bell	,	etc	.	,	and	the	river	duddon	,	vaudracour	and	julia	,	etc	.	,	be	bind	up	together	with	-PRON-	separate	titlepage	,	and	issue	under	the	title	,	poems	by	william	wordsworth	,	make	volume	iii	.		
lowell	,	j.	r.	among	-PRON-	book	.	boston	:	houghton	,	mifflin	and	co.	wordsworth,[509	]	pp	.		
287318	.		
ii	                        	-PRON-	childhood	sit	,	    	-PRON-	simple	childhood	,	sit	upon	a	throne	    	that	hath	more	power	than	all	the	element	.		
new	edition	,	i.		
1850	.		
pp	.		
a.		
by	no	mere	fit	    	of	sudden	passion	rouse	shall	man	attain	    	true	freedom	where	for	age	-PRON-	have	lie	    	bound	in	a	dark	abominable	pit	,	    	with	life	’s	good	sinew	more	and	more	unknit	.		
p.	276	.		
from	the	brook	’s	margin	,	wide	around	,	the	tree	    	be	stedfast	as	the	rock	;	the	brook	-PRON-	,	    	old	as	the	hill	that	feed	-PRON-	from	afar	,	                          	5	    	doth	rather	deepen	than	disturb	the	calm	    	where	all	thing	else	be	still	and	motionless	.		
weed	have	be	call	flower	out	of	place	.		
all	the	edition	issue	after	1841	include	the	volume	,	poem	of	early	and	late	year	(	see	no	.		
london	:	j.	chapman	.		
mr.	wordsworth	.	"	fraser	’s	magazine	,	iii	.		
522	;	the	literary	gazette	,	123	.		
an	essay	on	the	theory	and	the	writings	of	wordsworth	.	"	blackwood	’s	magazine	,	xxvi	.		
1831	.		
a	reprint	of	the	original	edition	of	1798	.		
28	1876	.		
the	stress	be	lay	by	wordsworth	on	the	effect	of	terrestrial	life	in	put	the	high	faculty	to	sleep	,	and	make	-PRON-	forget	the	glory	-PRON-	have	know	.	"	plato	,	on	the	other	hand	,	look	upon	the	mingled	experience	of	mundane	life	as	induce	a	gradual	but	slow	remembrance	(	ἀνάμνεσις	)	of	the	past	.		
-PRON-	have	consult	all	other	indexes	and	reference	lists	that	-PRON-	could	procure	,	and	have	carefully	examine	the	periodical	in	which	-PRON-	be	possible	that	such	article	could	be	find	.		
[	310	]	compare	the	atman	of	the	vedanta	philosophy	.	ed	.		
[	85	]	the	campanile	,	or	clocktower	,	rise	in	eight	story	to	the	height	of	179	foot	,	and	(	from	-PRON-	oblique	position	)	be	know	as	the	leaningtower	.	ed	.		
12	1864	.		
bristol	:	print	by	biggs	and	cottle	;	for	t.	n.	longman	,	paternosterrow	,	london	.		
518526	.		
[	239	]	1845	.		
(	by	francis	jeffrey	.	)		
london	:	elliot	stock	.		
rossetti	,	w.	m.	lives	of	various	poet	.		
admonish	of	the	day	of	love	to	come	                          	580	    	the	raven	croak	,	and	fill	the	upper	air	    	with	a	strange	sound	of	genial	harmony;[371	]	    	and	in	and	all	about	that	playful	band	,	    	incapable	although	-PRON-	be	of	rest	,	    	and	in	-PRON-	fashion	very	rioter	,	                              	585	    	there	be	a	stillness	,	and	-PRON-	seem	to	make	    	calm	revelry	in	that	-PRON-	calm	abode	.		
and	this	be	but	half	of	-PRON-	story	.		
[	141	]	1845	.	    	be	among	ascetic	in	high	repute	,	but	-PRON-	be	a	spaniard	.		
john	hogben	.		
will	.		
literary	landmarks	,	pp	.		
bountiful	son	of	earth	!		
-PRON-	trust	that	those	other	state	to	which	-PRON-	may	yet	apply	will	soon	follow	the	example	now	set	-PRON-	by	philadelphia	,	and	redeem	-PRON-	credit	with	the	world	.	w.w.		
on	the	wisdom	of	a	very	large	majority	of	the	british	nation	,	rest	that	generosity	which	pour	out	the	treasure	of	this	country	for	the	deliverance	of	europe	:	and	in	the	same	national	wisdom	,	preside	in	time	of	peace	over	an	energy	not	inferior	to	that	which	have	be	display	in	war	,	-PRON-	confide	,	who	encourage	a	firm	hope	,	that	the	cup	of	-PRON-	wealth	will	be	gradually	replenish	.		
hence	step	of	rock	lead	-PRON-	to	a	temple	of	nature	's	own	framing	,	roof	with	ancient	beech	tree	.		
the	principal	festival	appoint	by	the	church	be	also	duly	observe	;	but	through	every	other	day	in	the	week	,	through	every	week	in	the	year	-PRON-	be	incessantly	occupy	in	work	of	hand	or	mind	;	not	allow	a	moment	for	recreation	,	except	upon	a	saturday	afternoon	,	when	-PRON-	indulge	-PRON-	with	a	newspaper	,	or	sometimes	with	a	magazine	.		
what	step	so	suitable	as	those	that	move	                   	135	    	in	prompt	obedience	to	spontaneous	measure	    	of	glory	,	and	felicity	,	and	love	,	    	surrender	the	whole	heart	to	sacred	pleasure	?		
"	the	island	,	not	yet	britain	but	albion	,	be	in	a	manner	desert	,	and	inhospitable	;	keep	only	by	a	remnant	of	giants	;	whose	excessive	force	and	tyrannie	have	consume	the	rest	.		
in	the	"	essay	supplementary	to	the	preface	"	of	the	second	edition	of	lyrical	ballads	(	see	"	prose	works	,	"	vol	.		
[	footnote	123	:	1845	.		
...	and	move	,	    	and	exercise	unblamed	a	generous	sway	,	)	    	now	,	...	                                                   	1816	.		
and	catch	a	gleam	    	of	golden	sunset	,	ere	-PRON-	fade	and	die	.		
rejoice	,	o	man	!		
w.	]	xxii	fort	fuentes[516	]	the	ruins	of	fort	fuentes	form	the	crest	of	a	rocky	eminence	that	rise	from	the	plain	at	the	head	of	the	lake	of	como	,	command	view	up	the	valteline	,	and	toward	the	town	of	chiavenna	.		
how	oft	above	-PRON-	altar	have	be	hang	    	trophies	that	lead	the	good	and	wise	to	mourn	    	triumphant	wrong	,	battle	of	battle	bear	,	                      	5	    	and	sorrow	that	to	fruitless	sorrow	clung	!		
i.	chap	.		
...	as	in	earth	and	heaven	be	sing	                    	1816	.	]		
ix	hymn	,	for	the	boatmen	,	as	they	approach	the	rapids	under	the	castle	of	heidelberg	    	jesu	!		
and	in	a	second	letter	to	the	bishop	-PRON-	write	:	     	"	my	lord	,	-PRON-	have	the	favour	of	your	of	the	1st	instant	,	and	be	     	exceedingly	oblige	on	account	of	the	ulpha	affair	:	if	that	curacy	     	should	lapse	into	-PRON-	lordship	's	hand	,	-PRON-	would	beg	leave	rather	     	to	decline	than	embrace	-PRON-	;	for	the	chapel	of	seathwaite	and	     	ulpha	,	annex	together	,	would	be	apt	to	because	a	general	discontent	     	among	the	inhabitant	of	both	place	;	by	either	think	     	-PRON-	slight	,	be	only	serve	alternately	,	or	neglect	in	     	the	duty	,	or	attribute	-PRON-	to	covetousness	in	-PRON-	;	all	which	     	occasion	of	murmur	-PRON-	would	willingly	avoid	.	"		
.		
-PRON-	could	not	learn	that	any	faëry	tradition	be	associate	with	either	place	.	"		
iii	"	how	shall	-PRON-	paint	thee?be	this	naked	stone	"	    	how	shall	-PRON-	paint	thee?be	this	naked	stone	    	-PRON-	seat	,	while	-PRON-	give	way	to	such	intent	;	    	pleased	could	-PRON-	verse	,	a	speak	monument	,	    	make	to	the	eye	of	man	thy	feature	know	.		
-PRON-	have	be	claw	by	buonaparte	;	and	-PRON-	have	have	the	audacity	to	newbind	this	book	,	and	place	four	odious	n	's	upon	-PRON-	back	.		
meek	,	nobly	verse	in	simple	discipline	    	-PRON-	find	the	long	summer	day	too	short	,	    	to	his[369	]	love	pastime	give	by	sedgy	lee	,	    	or	down	the	tempting	maze	of	shawford	brook	                	10	    	fairer	than	life	-PRON-	,	in	this[370	]	sweet	book	,	    	the	cowslipbank[371	]	and	shady	willowtree	;	    	and	the	fresh	meadswhere	flow	,	from	every	nook	    	of	his[372	]	full	bosom	,	gladsome	piety	!		
compare	the	ode	to	lycoris	(	pp	.		
the	structure	of	-PRON-	laden	thigh	,	                           	115	    	how	fragile	!		
[	footnote	551	:	1837	.		
[	footnote	269	:	1827	.		
...	pity	-PRON-	distress	,	                                      	ms	.	]	[	footnote	300	:	1827	.		
ye	classic	dome	,	    	to	these	glad	orb	from	darksome	bondage	free	,	    	unfold	again	-PRON-	portal	!		
the	church	with	-PRON-	twofold	spire	glitter	in	the	hot	sunshine	,	like	pewter	in	a	melt	state	.		
to	which	be	annex	,	a	topographical	description	of	the	country	of	the	lakes	,	in	the	north	of	england	.	"		
230	    	and	what	,	'	mid	silence	deep	,	with	faith	sincere	,	    	ye	,	in	-PRON-	low	and	undisturbed	estate	,	    	shall	simply	feel	and	purely	meditate	    	of	warningsfrom	the	unprecedented	might	,	    	which	,	in	-PRON-	time	,	the	impious	have	disclose	;	             	235	    	and	of	more	arduous	duty	thence	impose	    	upon	the	future	advocate	of	right	;	               	of	mystery	reveal	,	               	and	judgment	unrepealed	,	               	of	earthly	revolution	,	                           	240	               	and	final	retribution	,	      	to	-PRON-	omniscience	will	appear	    	an	offering	not	unworthy	to	find	place	,	    	on	this	high	day	of	thank	,	before	the	throne	of	grace	!		
[	171	]	    	be	just	,	be	grateful	;	nor	,	the	oppressor	's	creed	    	reviving	,	heavy	chastisement	deserve	    	than	ever	force	unpitied	heart	to	bleed	.		
ii	    	o	genuine	glory	,	pure	renown	!		
the	only	reference	to	a	"	scene	on	the	lake	of	brientz	"	in	mrs.	wordsworth	's	journal	which	could	have	give	rise	to	the	precede	poem	be	the	following:"william	's	desire	extend	to	a	promontory	,	whence	-PRON-	hop	to	see	the	termination	of	the	lake	,	and	thither	-PRON-	be	go	to	look	out	for	the	boat	,	-PRON-	friend	be	upon	the	water	.		
...	long	bury	...	                                        	1815	.	]		
15	    	but	not	a	live	creature	could	be	see	    	through	-PRON-	wide	circuit	,	that	,	in	deep	repose	,	    	and	,	even	to	sadness	,	lonely	and	serene	,	    	lay	hush	;	tillthrough	a	portal	in	the	sky	    	bright	than	bright	loophole	,	in	a	storm	,	               	20	    	opening	before	the	sun	's	triumphant	eye	    	issue	,	to	sudden	view	,	a	glorious	form	!		
[	footnote	139	:	1827	.		
o	guilt!o	vale	and	plain	,	    	here	,	'	mid[279	]	-PRON-	own	unvexed	domain	,	    	a	genius	dwell	,	that	can	subdue	                             	35	    	at	once	all	memory	of	-PRON-	,	    	most	potent	when	mist	veil	the	sky	,	    	mists	that	distort	and	magnify	;	    	while	the	coarse	rush	,	to	the	sweeping	breeze	,	    	sigh	forth	-PRON-	ancient	melody	!		
this	beautiful	ground	be	lately	purchase	by	-PRON-	friend	mrs.	fletcher	;	the	ancient	owner	,	most	respected	person	,	be	oblige	to	part	with	-PRON-	in	consequence	of	the	imprudence	of	a	son	.		
even	for	the	man	who	stop	not	here	,	                         	25	    	but	down	the	irriguous	valley	hie	,	    	thy	very	name	,	o	lady	!		
[	footnote	gm	:	    	and	feel	that	-PRON-	be	happy	than	-PRON-	know	.	milton	.		
(	from	mrs.	wordsworth	's	journal	.	)		
the	nest	a	hollow	diadem	compose	    	of	russet	leaf	and	down	where	lie	enclose	    	the	tender	care	that	earthly	law	allow	:	                 	ms	.	]	[	footnote	368	:	1837	.		
on	meeting	-PRON-	speak	to	the	two	ladies	in	english	,	by	way	of	try	-PRON-	nation	,	and	be	pleased	at	be	answer	in	the	same	tongue	.		
contemptible	and	vain	.		
variant	:	[	footnote	483	:	1837	.		
how	swiftly	have	-PRON-	fly	,	    	succeedingstill	succeed	!		
blest	,	above	measure	blest	,	                                 	125	    	if	on	thy	love	-PRON-	land	-PRON-	hope	shall	rest	,	    	and	all	the	nations	labour	to	fulfil	    	thy	law	,	and	live	henceforth	in	peace	,	in	pure	good	will	.		
neither	mr.	chattock	nor	mrs.	lynn	linton	have	,	however	,	identify	the	spot	with	the	'	faëry	chasm	.	'		
why	be	the	harp	of	quantock	silent?w.		
that	now	,	while	sleep	to	solemn	night	    	be	offer	gift	of	duteous	sacrifice	,	                     	ms	.	]	[	footnote	307	:	1827	.		
when	track	with	-PRON-	young	guide	the	rivulet	to	-PRON-	momentary	restingplace	,	a	small	basin	at	the	foot	of	the	cataract	,	two	woman	appear	before	-PRON-	sing	a	shrill	and	savage	air	;	the	tone	be	startling	,	and	in	connection	with	-PRON-	wild	yet	quiet	figure	strangely	combine	with	the	sound	of	dash	water	and	the	silent	aspect	of	the	huge	crag	that	seem	to	reach	the	sky	!		
the	architecture	of	the	building	be	unimpressive	,	but	the	situation	be	worthy	of	the	honour	which	the	imagination	of	the	mountaineers	have	confer	upon	-PRON-	.	w.		
such	glad	assurance	suddenly	go	forth	                  	1816	.	]		
[	footnote	hp	:	see	the	solitary	reaper	(	vol	.		
2nd	edition	.	]		
(	see	selections	from	the	letters	of	robert	southey	,	vol	.		
too	daring	choice	!		
variant	:	[	footnote	376	:	1827	.		
certainly	the	stream	as	-PRON-	have	descend	through	the	'	deep	chasm	'	of	sonnet	xv	.		
-PRON-	be	call	newfield	,	and	be	just	below	seathwaite	chapel	.		
-PRON-	fishwomenon	landing	at	calais	    	'	tis	say	,	fantastic	ocean	doth	enfold	    	the	likeness	of	whate'er	on	land	be	see	;	    	but	,	if	the	nereid	sisters	and	-PRON-	queen,[hb	]	    	above	whose	head	the	tide	so	long	hath	roll	,	    	the	dames	resemble	whom	-PRON-	here	behold	,	                       	5	    	how	fearful	be	-PRON-	down	through	open	waves[471	]	    	to	sink	,	and	meet	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	fret	cave	,	    	withered	,	grotesque	,	immeasurably	old	,	    	and	shrill	and	fierce	in	accent!fear	-PRON-	not	:	    	for	-PRON-	earth	's	fair	daughter	do	excel;[472	]	            	10	    	pure	undecaying[473	]	beauty	be	-PRON-	lot	;	    	-PRON-	voice	into	liquid	music	swell	,	    	thrilling	each	pearly	cleft	and	sparry	grot	,	    	the	undisturbed	abode	where	seanymphs	dwell	!		
[	t	]	    	-PRON-	serve	the	muses	erringly	and	ill	,	    	whose	aim	be	pleasure	light	and	fugitive	:	    	o	,	that	-PRON-	mind	be	equal	to	fulfil	    	the	comprehensive	mandate	which	-PRON-	give	                  	60	    	vain	aspiration	of	an	earnest	will	!		
every	evening	,	after	school	hour	,	if	not	more	profitably	engage	,	-PRON-	continue	the	same	kind	of	labour	,	exchange	,	for	the	benefit	of	exercise	,	the	small	wheel	,	at	which	-PRON-	have	sate	,	for	the	large	one	on	which	wool	be	spin	,	the	spinner	step	to	and	fro	.		
166192	(	note	b	to	this	volume).ed	.		
[	footnote	283	:	1836	.		
w.	,	m.	,	and	-PRON-	set	off	toward	menaggio	along	the	terrace	border	the	water	,	which	lead	-PRON-	to	the	bay	at	the	foot	of	the	rocky	green	hill	of	the	church	of	-PRON-	lady	;	and	there	-PRON-	come	upon	the	track	of	the	old	road	,	the	very	same	which	-PRON-	brother	have	pace	!		
mr.	goodwin	in	through	the	wordsworth	country	,	illustrate	a	note	on	the	faëry	chasm	by	a	picture	of	the	chasm	at	wallabarrow	,	and	of	all	the	'	cleft	'	this	good	fit	with	the	epithet	'	sunless	'	;	but	be	-PRON-	not	too	vast	for	fairy	scene	?		
[	di	]	    	this	glimpse	of	glory	,	why	renew	?		
-PRON-	be	skilled	in	fossil	and	plant	;	a	constant	observer	of	the	star	and	wind	:	the	atmosphere	be	-PRON-	delight	.		
[	footnote	ip	:	compare	yarrow	unvisited	(	vol	.		
[	footnote	507	:	1837	.		
ii	            	"	false	parent	of	mankind	!		
[	111	]	    	bear	through	the	world	these	tiding	of	delight	!		
-PRON-	husband	's	...	                                            	ms	.	]	[	footnote	382	:	1819	.		
1816	.	]		
[	footnote	449	:	1827	.		
see	the	poetical	works	,	vol	.		
[	footnote	cd	:	the	opening	line	of	milton	's	samson	agonistes	.		
-PRON-	be	now	(	1894	)	disus	,	have	be	abandon	,	on	account	of	the	frequent	flood	,	in	favour	of	a	footbridge	recently	erect	a	little	high	up	the	stream	;	and	already	the	path	to	the	steppingstone	be	overgrown	and	nearly	obliterate	.		
man	,	woman	,	and	child	,	abbot	,	monks	,	priests	,	and	choristers	,	a	thousand	person	or	upwards	;	the	woman	as	gay	as	glitter	and	colour	could	make	-PRON-	.		
see	also	virgil	,	georgics	,	ii	.		
gonorill	the	eldest	,	apprehend	too	well	-PRON-	father	's	weakness	,	make	answer	invoke	heaven	,	that	-PRON-	love	-PRON-	above	-PRON-	soul	.		
or	stifle	under	weight	...	                                	1822	.	]		
-PRON-	draw	-PRON-	gently	from	the	pool	,	  	and	bring	-PRON-	forth	into	the	light	;	  	the	shepherds	meet	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	charge	  	an	unexpected	sight	!		
-PRON-	earth	be	no	doubt	make	of	excellent	stuff	,	  	but	-PRON-	pulse	beat	slower	and	slow	.		
when	near	this	blast	tree	-PRON-	pass	,	  	two	sod	be	plainly	to	be	see	  	close	at	-PRON-	root	,	and	each	with	grass	  	be	cover'd	fresh	and	green	.		
a	village	schoolmaster	be	-PRON-	,	  	with	hair	of	glitter	grey	;	  	as	blithe	a	man	as	-PRON-	could	see	  	on	a	spring	holiday	.		
here	be	neither	head	nor	footstone	,	plate	of	brass	,	  	crossbones	or	skull	,	type	of	-PRON-	earthly	state	  	or	emblem	of	-PRON-	hope	:	the	dead	man	's	home	  	be	but	a	fellow	to	that	pasture	field	.		
the	two	thieves	,	   	or	the	last	stage	of	avarice	.		
-PRON-	marvel	how	nature	could	ever	find	space	  	for	the	weight	and	the	levity	see	in	-PRON-	face	:	  	there	be	thought	and	no	thought	,	and	there	be	paleness	and	bloom	,	  	and	bustle	and	sluggishness	,	pleasure	and	gloom	.		
rude	be	this	edifice	,	and	thou	hast	see	  	buildings	,	albeit	rude	,	that	have	maintain'd	  	proportion	more	harmonious	,	and	approach'd	  	to	somewhat	of	a	close	fellowship	  	with	the	ideal	grace	.		
lucy	gray	.		
[	footnote	9	:	in	several	part	of	the	north	of	england	,	when	a	funeral	take	place	,	a	bason	full	of	sprigs	of	boxwood	be	place	at	the	door	of	the	house	from	which	the	coffin	be	take	up	,	and	each	person	who	attend	the	funeral	ordinarily	take	a	sprig	of	this	boxwood	,	and	throw	-PRON-	into	the	grave	of	the	deceased	.	]		
some	there	be	,	  	by	-PRON-	good	work	exalt	,	lofty	mind	  	and	meditative	,	author	of	delight	  	and	happiness	,	which	to	the	end	of	time	  	will	live	,	and	spread	,	and	kindle	;	mind	like	these	,	  	in	childhood	,	from	this	solitary	being	,	  	this	helpless	wanderer	,	have	perchance	receiv'd	,	  	(	a	thing	more	precious	far	than	all	that	book	  	or	the	solicitude	of	love	can	do	!	)		
old	daniel	-PRON-	hand	to	the	treasure	will	slide	,	  	and	-PRON-	grandson	's	as	busy	at	work	by	-PRON-	side	.		
the	oak	and	the	broom	,	a	pastoral	.		
leonard	.		
and	-PRON-	,	and	all	who	dwell	by	-PRON-	fireside	  	have	call'd	the	lovely	rock	,	joanna	's	rock	.		
and	thus	the	soul	,	  	by	that	sweet	taste	of	pleasure	unpursu'd	  	doth	find	-PRON-	insensibly	dispos'd	  	to	virtue	and	true	goodness	.		
and	-PRON-	who	dwell	with	-PRON-	,	whom	-PRON-	have	lov'd	  	with	such	communion	,	that	no	place	on	earth	  	can	ever	be	a	solitude	to	-PRON-	,	  	hath	say	,	this	lonesome	peak	shall	bear	-PRON-	name	.		
1	.		
and	could	-PRON-	go	with	-PRON-	  	-PRON-	helpmate	in	the	wood	to	be	,	  	-PRON-	shed	at	night	to	rear	;	  	or	run	,	-PRON-	own	adopt	bride	,	  	a	sylvan	huntress	at	-PRON-	side	  	and	drive	the	fly	deer	.		
this	be	sad	talkthey'll	never	sound	for	-PRON-	  	live	or	deadwhen	last	-PRON-	hear	of	-PRON-	  	-PRON-	be	in	slavery	among	the	moors	  	upon	the	barbary	coast'twa	not	a	little	  	that	would	bring	down	-PRON-	spirit	,	and	,	no	doubt	,	  	before	-PRON-	end	in	-PRON-	death	,	the	lad	  	be	sadly	cross'dpoor	leonard	!		
but	-PRON-	be	weak	,	both	man	and	boy	,	  	hath	be	an	idler	in	the	land	;	  	contented	if	-PRON-	may	enjoy	  	the	thing	which	other	understand	.		
a	whirlblast	from	behind	the	hill	  	rush'd	o'er	the	wood	with	startling	sound	:	  	then	all	at	once	the	air	be	still	,	  	and	shower	of	hailstone	patter'd	round	.		
of	flock	and	herd	both	far	and	near	  	-PRON-	be	the	darling	and	the	joy	,	  	and	often	,	when	no	because	appear	,	  	the	mountain	pony	prick	-PRON-	ear	,	  	-PRON-	hear	the	danish	boy	,	  	while	in	the	dell	-PRON-	sit	alone	  	beside	the	tree	and	cornerstone	.		
and	there	be	one	whom	-PRON-	five	year	have	know	;	  	-PRON-	dwell	alone	  	upon	helvellyn	's	side	.		
the	flood	be	tyrannous	and	strong	;	  	the	patient	briar	suffer'd	long	,	  	nor	do	-PRON-	utter	groan	or	sigh	,	  	hop	the	danger	would	be	pass'd	:	  	but	see	no	relief	,	at	last	  	-PRON-	venture'd	to	reply	.		
all	press'd	on	-PRON-	with	such	a	weight	,	that	now	,	  	this	vale	,	where	-PRON-	have	be	so	happy	,	seem'd	  	a	place	in	which	-PRON-	could	not	bear	to	live	:	  	so	-PRON-	relinquish'd	all	-PRON-	purpose	.		
in	common	thing	that	round	-PRON-	lie	  	some	random	truth	-PRON-	can	impart	  	the	harvest	of	a	quiet	eye	  	that	brood	and	sleep	on	-PRON-	own	heart	.		
alas	,	the	mountain	top	that	look	so	green	and	fair	!		
now	whether	,	(	say	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	cordial	friend	  	who	in	the	heyday	of	astonishment	  	smil'd	in	-PRON-	face	)	this	be	in	simple	truth	  	a	work	accomplish'd	by	the	brotherhood	  	of	ancient	mountain	,	or	-PRON-	ear	be	touch'd	  	with	dream	and	visionary	impulse	,	  	be	not	for	-PRON-	to	tell	;	but	sure	-PRON-	be	  	that	there	be	a	loud	uproar	in	the	hill	.		
an	old	man	,	stout	of	heart	,	and	strong	of	limb	.		
ruth	.		
a	spirit	of	noon	day	be	-PRON-	,	  	-PRON-	seem	a	form	of	flesh	and	blood	;	  	a	pip	shepherd	-PRON-	may	be	,	  	a	herdboy	of	the	wood	.		
few	be	-PRON-	pleasure	;	if	-PRON-	eye	,	which	now	  	have	be	so	long	familiar	with	the	earth	,	  	no	more	behold	the	horizontal	sun	  	rise	or	set	,	let	the	light	at	least	  	find	a	free	entrance	to	-PRON-	languid	orb	.		
'	twa	a	path	trod	by	thousand	,	but	daniel	be	one	  	who	go	something	farther	than	other	have	go	;	  	and	now	with	old	daniel	-PRON-	see	how	-PRON-	fare	  	-PRON-	see	to	what	end	-PRON-	have	bring	-PRON-	grey	hair	.		
thus	nature	spakethe	work	be	do	  	how	soon	-PRON-	lucy	's	race	be	run	!		
soon	do	the	spot	become	-PRON-	other	home	,	  	-PRON-	dwelling	,	and	-PRON-	outofdoor	abode	.		
fair	,	as	a	star	when	only	one	    	be	shin	in	the	sky	!		
and	hence	,	long	afterwards	,	when	eighteen	moon	  	be	waste	,	as	-PRON-	chanc'd	to	walk	alone	  	beneath	this	rock	,	at	sunrise	,	on	a	calm	  	and	silent	morning	,	-PRON-	sate	down	,	and	there	,	  	in	memory	of	affection	old	and	true	,	  	-PRON-	chissel'd	out	in	those	rude	character	  	joanna	's	name	upon	the	live	stone	.		
but	,	whether	blithe	or	sad	,	'	tis	-PRON-	belief	  	-PRON-	absent	brother	still	be	at	-PRON-	heart	.		
the	other	mountains	either	immediately	surround	the	vale	of	grasmere	,	or	belong	to	the	same	cluster	.		
at	daybreak	on	a	hill	-PRON-	stand	  	that	overlook'd	the	moor	;	  	and	thence	-PRON-	see	the	bridge	of	wood	  	a	furlong	from	-PRON-	door	.		
now	,	matthew	,	let	-PRON-	try	to	match	  	this	water	's	pleasant	tune	  	with	some	old	bordersong	,	or	catch	  	that	suit	a	summer	's	noon	.		
when	grass	be	chill	with	rain	or	dew	,	  	beneath	-PRON-	shade	the	mother	ewe	  	lie	with	-PRON-	infant	lamb	;	-PRON-	see	  	the	love	,	-PRON-	to	each	other	make	,	  	and	the	sweet	joy	,	which	-PRON-	partake	,	  	-PRON-	be	a	joy	to	-PRON-	.		
shed	thy	flower	,	  	and	stir	not	in	the	gale	.		
thus	talk	of	that	peasant	-PRON-	approach'd	  	close	to	the	spot	where	with	-PRON-	rod	and	line	  	-PRON-	stand	alone	;	whereat	-PRON-	turn'd	-PRON-	head	  	to	greet	usand	-PRON-	see	a	man	wear	down	  	by	sickness	,	gaunt	and	lean	,	with	sunken	cheek	  	and	waste	limb	,	-PRON-	leg	so	long	and	lean	  	that	for	-PRON-	single	self	-PRON-	look'd	at	-PRON-	,	  	forgetful	of	the	body	-PRON-	sustain'd	.	  	too	weak	to	labour	in	the	harvest	field	,	  	the	man	be	use	-PRON-	good	skill	to	gain	  	a	pittance	from	the	dead	unfeeling	lake	  	that	know	not	of	-PRON-	want	.		
-PRON-	travel	on	,	a	solitary	man	,	  	-PRON-	age	have	no	companion	.		
o'er	rough	and	smooth	-PRON-	trip	along	,	  	and	never	look	behind	;	  	and	sing	a	solitary	song	  	that	whistle	in	the	wind	.		
a	second	time	do	matthew	stop	,	  	and	fix	still	-PRON-	eye	  	upon	the	eastern	mountaintop	  	to	-PRON-	-PRON-	make	reply	.		
leonard	,	the	elder	by	just	eighteen	month	,	  	be	two	year	tall	:	'	twa	a	joy	to	see	,	  	to	hear	,	to	meet	-PRON-	!		
leonard	.		
yet	sometimes	milder	hour	-PRON-	know	,	  	nor	want	sun	,	nor	rain	,	nor	dew	,	  	nor	pastime	of	the	may	,	  	-PRON-	all	be	with	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	cell	,	  	and	a	wild	brook	with	chearful	knell	  	do	o'er	the	pebble	play	.		
with	hue	of	genius	on	-PRON-	cheek	  	in	fine	tone	the	youth	could	speak	.		
a	rosy	man	,	right	plump	to	see	?		
so	fare	-PRON-	that	sweet	morning	:	from	the	field	  	meanwhile	,	a	noise	be	hear	,	the	busy	mirth	  	of	reapers	,	men	and	women	,	boys	and	girl	.		
iv	.		
no	beast	,	no	bird	hath	here	-PRON-	home	;	  	the	bee	bear	on	the	breezy	air	  	pass	high	above	those	fragrant	bell	  	to	other	flower	,	to	other	dell	.		
-PRON-	have	hear	of	fearful	wind	and	darkness	that	come	there	,	  	the	little	brook	,	that	seem	all	pastime	and	all	play	,	  	when	-PRON-	be	angry	,	roar	like	lion	for	-PRON-	prey	.		
let	thy	wheelbarrow	alone	.		
write	in	germany	,	  	on	one	of	the	cold	day	of	the	century	.		
as	soon	as	-PRON-	have	gather'd	so	much	strength	  	that	-PRON-	could	look	-PRON-	trouble	in	the	face	,	  	-PRON-	seem'd	that	-PRON-	sole	refuge	be	to	sell	  	a	portion	of	-PRON-	patrimonial	field	.		
off	,	off	!		
force	be	the	word	universally	employ	in	these	dialect	for	waterfall	.	]		
a	harp	be	from	-PRON-	shoulder	sling	;	  	-PRON-	rest	the	harp	upon	-PRON-	knee	,	  	and	there	in	a	forget	tongue	  	-PRON-	warble	melody	.		
and	on	that	morning	,	through	the	grass	,	  	and	by	the	steam	rill	,	  	-PRON-	travell'd	merrily	to	pass	  	a	day	among	the	hill	.		
but	in	the	branch	of	the	oak	  	two	ravens	now	begin	to	croak	  	-PRON-	nuptial	song	,	a	gladsome	air	;	  	and	to	-PRON-	own	green	bower	the	breeze	  	that	instant	bring	two	stripl	bee	  	to	feed	and	murmur	there	.		
thou	eglantine	whose	arch	so	proudly	tower	  	(	even	like	a	rainbow	span	half	the	vale	)	  	thou	one	fair	shrub	,	oh	!		
green	pasture	-PRON-	view	in	the	midst	of	the	dale	,	  	down	which	-PRON-	so	often	have	tripp'd	with	-PRON-	pail	,	  	and	a	single	small	cottage	,	a	nest	like	a	jove	's	,	  	the	only	one	dwell	on	earth	that	-PRON-	love	.		
-PRON-	lift	up	-PRON-	eye	,	  	and	look	round	-PRON-	think	that	-PRON-	perceiv'd	  	strange	alteration	work	on	every	side	  	among	the	wood	and	field	,	and	that	the	rock	,	  	and	the	eternal	hill	,	-PRON-	be	chang'd	.		
but	who	be	-PRON-	with	modest	look	,	  	and	clothe	in	homely	russet	brown	?		
michael	,	  	a	pastoral	poem	  	if	from	the	public	way	-PRON-	turn	-PRON-	step	  	up	the	tumultuous	brook	of	greenhead	gill	,	  	-PRON-	will	suppose	that	with	an	upright	path	  	-PRON-	foot	must	struggle	;	in	such	bold	ascent	  	the	pastoral	mountains	front	-PRON-	,	face	to	face	.		
when	in	the	snow	the	mother	spy	  	the	print	of	lucy	's	foot	.		
-PRON-	chanc'd	that	andrew	pass'd	that	way	  	just	at	the	time	;	and	there	-PRON-	find	  	the	cripple	in	the	midday	heat	  	stand	alone	,	and	at	-PRON-	foot	  	-PRON-	see	the	penny	on	the	ground	.		
[	footnote	3	:	the	great	gavel	,	so	call	-PRON-	imagine	,	from	-PRON-	resemblance	to	the	gable	end	of	a	house	,	be	one	of	the	high	of	the	cumberland	mountain	.		
"	from	-PRON-	this	friendly	warning	take	"	  	the	broom	begin	to	doze	,	  	and	thus	to	keep	-PRON-	awake	  	do	gently	interpose	.		
the	bason	of	boxwood	,	[	9	]	just	six	month	before	,	  	have	stand	on	the	table	at	timothy	's	door	,	  	a	coffin	through	timothy	's	threshold	have	pass'd	,	  	one	child	do	-PRON-	bear	and	that	child	be	-PRON-	last	.		
scarce	a	funeral	  	come	to	this	churchyard	once	,	in	eighteen	month	;	  	and	yet	,	some	change	must	take	place	among	-PRON-	.		
on	silence	matthew	lie	,	and	eyed	  	the	spring	beneath	the	tree	;	  	and	thus	the	dear	old	man	reply	,	  	the	greyhair'd	man	of	glee	.		
such	be	-PRON-	first	resolve	;	-PRON-	think	again	,	  	and	-PRON-	heart	fail'd	-PRON-	.		
let	-PRON-	be	free	of	mountain	solitude	,	  	and	have	around	-PRON-	,	whether	hear	or	nor	,	  	the	pleasant	melody	of	woodland	bird	.		
a	description	.	the	old	cumberland	beggar	,	  	a	description	.		
the	engine	of	-PRON-	grief	,	the	tool	  	that	shap'd	-PRON-	sorrow	,	rock	and	pool	,	  	and	air	that	gently	stir	  	the	vernal	leaf	,	-PRON-	love	-PRON-	still	,	  	nor	ever	tax'd	-PRON-	with	the	ill	  	which	have	be	do	to	-PRON-	.		
the	two	april	mornings	.		
and	-PRON-	guess	,	since	-PRON-	have	be	  	so	distant	from	-PRON-	now	for	two	long	year	,	  	that	-PRON-	will	gladly	listen	to	discourse	  	however	trivial	,	if	-PRON-	thence	be	teach	  	that	-PRON-	,	with	whom	-PRON-	once	be	happy	,	talk	  	familiarly	of	-PRON-	and	of	old	time	.		
