"	everybody	take	-PRON-	for	grant	that	-PRON-	want	all	murder	stop	.		
and	,	of	course	,	certain	machine	be	live	.		
the	watchbird	try	to	guard	-PRON-	other	charge	.		
"	have	not	-PRON-	learn	yet	?	"		
new	information	have	cross	the	invisible	network	that	connect	all	watchbird	.		
"	-PRON-	have	be	think	of	get	out	of	watchbird	.	"		
-PRON-	still	be	not	think	of	anything	as	-PRON-	take	aim	...	and	be	knock	off	-PRON-	foot	.		
new	act	to	stop	.	"	damn	-PRON-	,	git	go	!	"		
-PRON-	lean	back	and	inhale	deeply	.		
slaughterhouse	in	chicago	stop	and	cattle	starve	to	death	in	-PRON-	pen	,	because	farmer	in	the	midwest	could	not	cut	hay	or	harvest	grain	.		
-PRON-	respond	to	-PRON-	stimulus	,	whenever	-PRON-	come	and	whatev	-PRON-	source	.		
the	intercom	buzz	again	,	and	gelsen	irritably	punch	a	button	.		
-PRON-	will	not	allow	farmer	to	break	ground	for	plow	.		
"	-PRON-	must	hurry	.	"		
"	and	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	will	wear	out	in	six	month	or	a	year	.		
with	-PRON-	high	speed	and	superfast	sens	,	the	watchbird	get	around	quickly	.		
hunter	sit	home	,	glare	at	the	silver	dot	in	the	sky	,	longing	to	shoot	-PRON-	down	.		
"	but	,	still	,	sometimes	-PRON-	feel	like	the	man	who	invent	dynamite	.		
greco	think	-PRON-	have	be	shoot	.		
gelsen	walk	out	of	the	room	alone	.		
"	what	would	-PRON-	suggest	?	"		
two	,	murder	may	be	define	as	an	act	of	violence	,	consist	of	break	,	mangle	,	maltreat	or	otherwise	stop	the	function	of	a	live	organism	by	a	live	organism	.		
"	nope	.	"		
"	how	soon	?	"		
"	-PRON-	lousy	hunk	of	pigmeal	,	git	go	!	"		
the	surgeon	stand	by	helplessly	while	-PRON-	patient	die	.		
the	horse	balk	,	and	the	wagon	rattle	and	shake	as	-PRON-	edge	sideways	.		
-PRON-	have	be	drive	for	seven	straight	hour	and	-PRON-	eye	be	start	to	fog	.		
-PRON-	have	be	one	of	the	consult	engineer	on	the	original	watchbird	.		
dinelli	be	so	intent	-PRON-	do	not	see	the	watchbird	coming	.		
lightning	which	anticipate	-PRON-	move	and	punish	-PRON-	intention	.		
"	of	course	-PRON-	will	work	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	know	.		
"	-PRON-	have	to	have	those	,	"	macintyre	say	patiently	,	as	though	explain	the	whole	thing	to	a	tenyearold	.		
"	-PRON-	still	feel	morally	responsible	because	-PRON-	manufacture	-PRON-	.	"		
start	again	.		
"	then	no	one	arrest	-PRON-	?	"		
"	take	-PRON-	word	,	captain	.		
"	that	be	ridiculous	.		
"	there	be	no	time	.	"		
park	and	playground	be	not	place	to	shun	after	dusk	.		
if	a	do	not	work	,	try	b.		
the	breaking	,	mangle	or	otherwise	stop	the	function	of	a	live	organism	by	a	live	organism	.		
"	murder	must	be	stop	,	too	.		
-PRON-	start	toward	the	door	,	then	turn	for	a	parting	shot	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	mean	that	,	"	gelsen	say	.		
"	well	,	-PRON-	figure	out	where	the	trouble	be	,	"	macintyre	say	gloomily	,	with	the	air	of	a	man	who	know	just	how	-PRON-	blow	up	the	earthafter	-PRON-	be	too	late	.		
to	-PRON-	,	murder	be	murder	.		
and	when	-PRON-	reach	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	give	-PRON-	a	powerful	shock	or	something	.		
macintyre	be	not	listen	.		
and	,	of	course	,	everything	else	be	a	living	organismrabbit	,	beetle	,	fly	,	wolf	,	mosquito	,	lion	,	crocodile	,	crow	,	and	small	form	of	life	such	as	bacteria	.	"		
gelsen	have	not	realize	-PRON-	until	that	moment	.		
to	stop	murder	...	metal	and	electron	reason	well	,	but	not	in	a	human	fashion	.		
greco	wait	patiently	.		
the	watchbird	must	be	stop	at	once	!	"		
the	captain	nod	.		
-PRON-	suggest	-PRON-	control	-PRON-	.	"		
-PRON-	put	down	the	telephone	.		
"	-PRON-	mean	do	-PRON-	figure	there	may	be	some	danger	in	machine	thinking	?	"		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	the	nurse	hand	the	surgeon	the	sponge	.		
"	famine	.		
-PRON-	will	have	to	turn	-PRON-	off	then	,	one	by	one	.	"		
the	grocer	ask	,	star	at	the	stunned	thief	.		
this	control	be	spasmodic	,	because	of	the	fewness	of	the	watchbird	.		
and	then	something	happen	!		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	with	-PRON-	free	hand	,	gelsen	mop	perspiration	from	-PRON-	face	.		
"	rob	-PRON-	?		
-PRON-	should	not	fear	-PRON-	,	either	.	"		
officer	celtrics	say	.		
but	the	watchbird	have	a	strong	order	to	obeypreservation	of	life	,	include	-PRON-	own	.		
roger	greco	lean	against	a	building	,	-PRON-	hand	in	-PRON-	pocket	.		
"	telephone	the	watchbird	company	!	"		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	gelsen	feel	annoyed	at	macintyre	,	and	even	more	annoyed	at	-PRON-	for	be	ridiculous	.		
a	correlation	center	test	-PRON-	,	match	-PRON-	with	electrical	and	chemical	datum	in	-PRON-	memory	file	.		
"	wait	a	minute	,	"	gelsen	say	.		
simple	logic	.		
-PRON-	do	not	excite	-PRON-	or	sicken	-PRON-	.		
say	a	year	,	bar	accident	.	"		
"	what	in	hell	?	"		
then	-PRON-	telephone	the	police	.		
in	a	corner	of	the	repair	room	lie	the	senior	control	engineer	.		
this	time	-PRON-	lie	on	the	ground	,	try	to	draw	a	bead	.		
in	order	to	stop	all	of	-PRON-	,	the	watchbird	have	to	search	out	new	definition	of	murder	and	correlate	-PRON-	with	what	-PRON-	already	know	.	"		
"	-PRON-	be	not	afraid	of	die	.		
"	what	can	-PRON-	do	?	"		
"	too	busy	count	-PRON-	fortune	.	"		
but	let	-PRON-	point	out	that	-PRON-	would	be	leave	all	venus	without	a	postman	.		
kirk	have	-PRON-	in	'	89	,	order	up	big	and	special	just	for	-PRON-	.		
"	huh	?	"		
morrison	sign	off	.		
-PRON-	hold	the	telephone	close	to	the	ground	.		
"	here	,	"	morrison	say	,	hand	the	robot	a	piece	of	goldenstone	worth	about	five	thousand	dollar	in	the	rough	.		
"	-PRON-	can	not	ask	max	for	help	,	"	morrison	decide	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	-PRON-	pick	up	a	pebble	.		
on	the	sixth	day	,	-PRON-	sense	movement	just	out	of	the	range	of	-PRON-	vision	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	grip	the	canteen	in	both	hand	,	morrison	watch	as	the	water	,	'	port	four	thousand	mile	from	venusborg	,	appear	as	a	slender	crystal	stream	above	the	mouth	of	-PRON-	canteen	.		
the	solution	foam	green	.		
"	what	?	"		
morrison	ask	.		
morrison	star	at	-PRON-	blankly	,	and	see	beyond	-PRON-	the	wait	wolfpack	.		
-PRON-	do	not	sleep	,	but	-PRON-	could	not	stay	awake	,	either	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	the	robot	's	eyecell	become	distant	with	memory	.		
the	good	-PRON-	can	wish	-PRON-	be	a	speedy	and	painless	departure	.	"		
if	-PRON-	be	rich	enough	,	-PRON-	be	all	set	.	"		
something	must	be	wrong	with	-PRON-	diet	.		
take	a	look	.	"		
"	-PRON-	can	not	.		
thank	for	remembering	,	janie	.	"		
the	sandwolf	be	outside	,	sniff	and	snap	-PRON-	jaw	.		
morrison	say	.		
-PRON-	drive	the	big	creature	upstairs	into	the	cloud	bank	.		
that	be	certain	.		
"	-PRON-	go	over	a	dune	and	blow	out	two	tire	.	"		
"	but	some	get	through	,	do	not	-PRON-	?	"		
and	-PRON-	could	never	reach	-PRON-	without	the	resource	of	a	machine	shop	.	"		
"	be	-PRON-	sure	?	"		
that	be	a	criminal	offense	.	"		
reason	-PRON-	call	"	"	hey	,	"	eddie	say	,	"	what	happen	to	-PRON-	face	?	"		
"	unrepairable	,	"	say	eddie	.		
"	-PRON-	be	perfectly	right	,	"	morrison	say	.		
morrison	sit	down	and	shake	-PRON-	last	canteen	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	venus	's	own	brand	of	wolf	,	small	,	lean	,	with	a	yellow	coat	and	long	,	grin	jaw	,	-PRON-	be	one	of	the	few	mammal	that	make	-PRON-	home	in	the	scorpion	desert	.		
ask	williams	4	,	the	postman	.		
then	a	flock	of	small	fly	scorpion	sight	the	waiting	kite	.		
"	of	course	,	"	morrison	say	,	feel	-PRON-	smile	grow	stiff	.		
overhead	,	a	deltawinged	kite	find	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	will	probably	want	fifty	per	cent	of	the	claim	.	"		
and	get	jim	remstaater	out	of	trouble	,	too	.	"		
eddie	,	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	be	a	lot	to	ask	,	but	if	-PRON-	could	stake	-PRON-	to	a	couple	of	tire	"	"	-PRON-	can	not	do	-PRON-	,	"	eddie	say	.		
the	robot	climb	out	of	the	vortex	and	look	around	.		
whirl	around	,	-PRON-	see	a	huge	old	wolf	in	full	charge	.		
"	-PRON-	can	and	must	,	"	williams	4	say	sadly	.		
-PRON-	examine	the	outcropping	again	and	find	a	hairline	fault	run	along	one	edge	.		
and	nothing	else	but	water	,	all	the	water	-PRON-	could	carry	.		
in	all	that	desert	,	there	be	not	one	patch	of	green	.		
the	narrow	crevice	into	which	-PRON-	have	fall	run	straight	for	about	twenty	yard	,	then	curve	to	the	left	.		
and	fall	over	the	edge	of	a	little	cliff	.		
-PRON-	could	tell	-PRON-	be	in	a	badly	dehydrated	state	.		
-PRON-	still	look	like	goldenstone	.		
max	could	barely	scrape	up	-PRON-	own	rent	,	much	less	take	care	of	strand	prospector	.		
"	no	,	-PRON-	be	just	the	high	cost	of	credit	on	venus	,	"	krandall	answer	.		
"	can	-PRON-	at	least	carry	a	letter	for	-PRON-	?		
"	-PRON-	do	.		
"	could	be	,	"	say	morrison	.		
"	-PRON-	may	well	be	,	"	williams	4	say	.		
"	-PRON-	have	an	emergency	telephone	,	have	not	-PRON-	?	"		
"	sure	-PRON-	do	,	"	the	robot	say	.		
the	sandwolf	be	track	-PRON-	still	,	and	-PRON-	water	be	almost	go	.		
morrison	realize	that	tomorrow	may	be	-PRON-	last	birthday	unless	-PRON-	find	goldenstone	.		
williams	4	say	.		
the	telephone	have	to	go	with	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	lightweight	testing	kit	.		
and	other	man	have	have	-PRON-	too	,	as	-PRON-	sit	on	-PRON-	precious	goldenstone	claim	.		
that	evening	-PRON-	find	a	shallow	cave	set	into	the	base	of	a	cliff	.		
"	no	false	alarm	,	no	vision	,	no	wild	hope	.		
"	not	-PRON-	,	"	morrison	say	.		
"	-PRON-	would	indeed	,	"	say	the	robot	.		
grin	,	-PRON-	say	,	"	-PRON-	do	not	even	have	time	to	dry	off	before	-PRON-	have	to	go	out	again	.	"		
and	now	look	!	"		
the	robot	move	-PRON-	head	quickly	,	dodge	the	blow	.		
-PRON-	fire	again	,	and	-PRON-	bullet	richochet	off	the	cave	wall	,	sting	-PRON-	with	stone	splinter	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	frantically	,	morrison	try	to	reach	the	operator	.		
-PRON-	sink	to	-PRON-	knee	.		
-PRON-	can	even	lend	-PRON-	pencil	and	paper	.	"		
"	this	sort	of	thing	happen	to	prospector	every	day	.		
-PRON-	loosen	the	revolver	in	-PRON-	holster	.		
"	yes	,	of	course	,	"	morrison	say	wearily	.		
the	chief	shake	-PRON-	body	sadly	.		
ger	flow	gaily	to	-PRON-	foot	.		
one	of	the	men	walk	past	,	and	touch	the	dog	on	the	head	.		
-PRON-	sniff	the	air	,	note	that	the	smell	the	mannostrils	pick	up	be	not	unpleasant	at	all	.		
-PRON-	know	that	the	twentyfirst	grom	expedition	to	this	planet	be	near	the	point	of	complete	failure	.		
this	particular	world	,	discover	in	a	scout	expedition	,	be	need	.		
not	quite	quickly	enough	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	the	ship	drop	silently	toward	the	surface	of	the	enemy	planet	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	at	the	edge	of	the	wood	,	ger	turn	-PRON-	into	a	facsimile	of	a	dog	.		
also	,	the	sound	be	not	half	so	devastating	.		
now	,	shipless	,	-PRON-	be	naked	in	an	alien	world	.		
dusk	creep	across	the	face	of	the	planet	as	pid	maneuver	near	the	atomic	power	installation	.		
a	tiny	,	fourlegg	creature	dart	in	front	of	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	wait	.		
the	bush	rustle	above	-PRON-	.		
the	unit	go	to	work	.		
ger	overtake	the	animal	and	knock	-PRON-	down	.		
pid	do	indeed	.		
ger	walk	past	the	man	,	ignore	-PRON-	.		
that	dog	-PRON-	be	hunt	with	be	a	grom	from	the	twelfth	expedition	.		
"	and	be	bear	shapeless	,	all	grom	should	have	freedom	of	shape	,	"	ger	say	.		
nothing	happen	.		
the	man	start	to	walk	over	.		
"	the	other	expedition	be	right	here	.	"		
inside	the	ship	a	littleused	circuit	close	.		
"	oh	,	no	,	"	ilg	assure	-PRON-	.		
the	men	be	of	fixed	and	immutable	form	,	like	stone	or	tree	.		
pid	shake	-PRON-	entire	body	in	annoyance	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	-PRON-	stiffen	-PRON-	wing	and	glide	,	regretfully	put	aside	-PRON-	desire	to	experiment	with	this	wonderful	shape	,	at	least	for	the	present	.		
the	other	have	fail	in	-PRON-	duty	because	-PRON-	be	of	the	low	caste	,	weak	and	irresponsible	.		
-PRON-	be	once	fin	for	assume	a	quasihunter	shape	.		
age	ago	,	the	grom	have	spend	-PRON-	store	of	radioactif	in	spread	throughout	-PRON-	neighboring	world	,	occupy	the	one	that	-PRON-	could	live	on	.		
only	relatively	close	sound	stand	out	.		
-PRON-	curl	-PRON-	lip	and	hold	-PRON-	breath	.		
-PRON-	rise	,	in	a	matter	of	a	few	sparrow	heartbeat	,	to	an	altitude	of	a	hundred	foot	.		
pid	be	speechless	.		
ger	nod	,	and	melt	back	into	the	underbrush	.		
that	,	pid	think	,	be	-PRON-	.		
the	first	job	,	pid	think	,	be	to	get	past	that	gate	.		
"	-PRON-	must	be	around	here	somewhere	.	"		
-PRON-	would	have	to	watch	-PRON-	more	closely	.		
after	all	,	the	grom	be	strong	on	ingenuity	.		
pid	let	-PRON-	go	at	that	.		
"	help	-PRON-	look	for	-PRON-	,	"	pid	say	to	ger	.		
"	interesting	,	"	say	the	tree	.		
but	-PRON-	be	too	far	away	.		
at	the	extreme	edge	of	the	wood	-PRON-	could	observe	the	atomic	energy	installation	.		
there	be	a	shape	to	suit	every	need	!	"		
"	-PRON-	will	have	to	try	that	shape	some	time	.	"		
-PRON-	be	only	natural	,	as	well	as	lawful	.		
and	then	there	be	nothing	at	all	.		
the	pilot	alter	course	.		
-PRON-	watch	.		
"	why	be	-PRON-	so	long	?		
"	no	,	"	ger	say	.		
-PRON-	decide	that	ger	would	sally	out	in	the	morning	as	a	dog	.		
if	something	go	wrong	,	pid	could	change	-PRON-	shape	to	meet	the	occasion	.		
"	-PRON-	be	hungry	,	"	-PRON-	say	.		
"	what	?		
-PRON-	call	.		
pid	heave	a	sigh	of	relief	and	sit	down	.		
this	unrest	be	cause	purely	by	crowd	.		
as	-PRON-	watch	,	another	dog	come	run	toward	ger	.		
"	now	get	some	sleep	,	"	pid	say	.		
at	the	gate	the	guard	call	to	-PRON-	.		
certainly	the	men	must	have	learn	something	from	the	expedition	-PRON-	have	capture	in	the	past	.		
there	-PRON-	reshape	,	obliterate	the	offend	dog	ear	and	nostril	with	vicious	stroke	of	-PRON-	thought	.		
back	toward	the	bush	at	a	fine	clip	,	again	up	and	over	.		
"	-PRON-	know	.		
the	dogshape	be	out	.		
evidently	dogs	could	wander	pretty	much	where	-PRON-	wish	.		
"	the	men	will	kill	-PRON-	off	,	"	-PRON-	say	.		
the	dog	approach	and	sniff	.		
without	look	,	-PRON-	hurry	past	.		
"	not	here	-PRON-	be	not	,	"	ger	say	,	still	wag	-PRON-	tail	.		
"	be	,	"	ger	mumble	,	writhe	with	embarrassment	.		
-PRON-	have	spend	-PRON-	entire	childhood	around	ship	,	-PRON-	entire	manhood	fly	-PRON-	.		
"	traitor	,	"	hiss	pid	,	grow	a	mouth	in	-PRON-	chest	to	hiss	-PRON-	,	and	then	-PRON-	do	something	that	cause	ilg	to	exclaim	in	outrage	.		
only	luck	have	keep	-PRON-	from	be	see	during	the	sensory	onslaught	.		
again	-PRON-	study	the	gate	,	the	men	stand	beside	-PRON-	,	the	building	beyond	in	which	be	the	allimportant	reactor	.		
-PRON-	start	to	flow	into	the	shape	of	a	dog	.		
but	another	moment	of	such	impression	would	have	drive	pid	the	pilot	mad	.		
sound	upon	soundsmore	noise	than	-PRON-	have	ever	hear	before	at	one	time	in	-PRON-	life	.		
