Thad flung himself flat, grasped the wire above the reel.		
It was hurled howling to the deck.		
Rubbish, of course.		
A queer ache came into his heart.		
Collected specimens of some alien life.		
But how came a rocketflier here, in the perilous swarms of the meteor belt?		
He started across the hold, shrinking involuntarily from the armored enormities that seemed crouched to spring at him, motionless eyes staring.		
A powerful electromagnet, with a thin, strong wire fastened to it, to be hurled from a helixgun.		
Only one legible entry did he find, that on a page torn from the book, which somehow had escaped destruction.		
He fumbled in the bulky inside pockets of his suit, found a slab of concentrated food, and tossed it out through the opened panel.		
The officers of interplanetary liners lose no love upon the meteor miners, claiming that their collected masses of metal, almost helpless, always underpowered, are menaces to navigation.		
That was the obvious implication.		
The captain's cabin held evidence of a violent struggle.		
But it returned in a sickening wave when he heard the short, shrill, coughing cries, hideously eager, that greeted the opening of the door.		
Had a man fought here and been killed?		
He waited, repeated the call.		
And not a trace.		
But there was a large bloodstain, black and circular, on the floor of the calculator's room.		
Grinning wanly, and conscious of a weakness in the knees, he muttered: "They sure will fill the museum, if everybody gets the kick out of them that I did.		
A pretty piece of salvage, he reflected, if he could land her on Mars.		
Red Dragon. The name of her home port, below, was in smaller letters.		
But an invisible being, that could creep upon him and strike unseen!		
The deck was deserted, lit only by three dim blue globes, hanging from the curved roof.		
Save for the extreme, cadaverous pallor, there was no mark of death.		
They recorded the departure from Titania, made almost as soon as the treasure was loaded.		
Invisible claws!		
The vibration of the metal sphere increased.		
He was sure he could manage the ship if its mechanism were in good order, though he was uncertain of his ability to make any considerable repairs.		
The dog sprang upon it, wolfed it eagerly, and came back to his side.		
Nowhere was it broken, though he found scars where small meteoric particles had scratched the brilliant polish.		
Could it be that legendary green ship, said once to have mysteriously appeared, sliced up and drawn within her hull several of the primitive ships of that day, and then disappeared forever after in the remote wastes of space?		
He broke the flimsy fastening.		
Then he saw that it was turning, end over end, very slowly.		
Thad thought that the unpleasant earthy odor he had noticed upon opening the faceplate of his helmet was stronger here.		
It gave.		
It flung away from him, the wire screaming from the reel behind it.		
If only he could find some way to make the thing visible!		
A claw ripped savagely at his side.		
He got to his feet, and gazed backward into the starry gulf, where his sphere of iron had long since vanished.		
But      what is one to think?"		
A shriek so keen and shrill that it seemed to tear out his nerves by their roots.		
For a painful instant he thought he had missed.		
Ominous, threatening stillness filled the ship again, disturbed only by the whimpers and frightened growls of the dog.		
He heard it tear again, along his right thigh.		
The yellow dog crouched whimpering against his legs.		
Before him was a tiny, glowing fleck, that moved among the unchanging stars.		
Glittering in the blue light, it looked unreal.		
Everything was clean, bright with polish or new paint.		
Shapes of creatures somewhat like gigantic spiders, and more unlike them.		
They were dead.		
It was filled with monstrous things, colossal creatures, such as nothing that ever lived upon the Earth; like nothing known in the jungles of Venus or the deserts of Mars, or anything that has been found upon Jupiter's moons.		
Its fragments, with pieces of broken furniture, books, covers from the berth, and three service pistols, were scattered about in indescribable confusion, all stained with blood.		
It was not beyond reason that such a planet should be inhabited by beings invisible to human sight.		
A few tattered scraps of cloth beside it.		
For a moment it struggled furiously, as if an invisible claw had pinned it down.		
"Somebody is going to find himself a nice chunk of metal, all welded together and equipped for rocket navigation," he murmured.		
He tried one at random.		
But what had he fought?		
With a sharp, eager bark, it leaped up at Thad, pawing at his armor and licking it, standing on its hind legs and reaching toward the visor of his helmet.		
The vessel answered readily to her helm.		
He set the drum on which the wire was wound upon the metal at his feet, fastened it with its magnetic anchor, wondering if it would stand the terrific strain when the wire tightened.		
The yellow dog seemed half to forget its fear.		
A form of weird horror materialized before him, still half invisible, half outlined with the white film of adhering powder: gigantic and hideous claws, that seemed to reach out of empty air, the side of a huge, scaly body, a yawning, dripping jaw.		
The hold was not inviting.		
It must be large and very ferocious.		
The air must be good, he thought, if the dog could live in it.		
At Comet's place in Helion, down by the canal.		
They were monsters remotely resembling insects or crustaceans, but as large as horses or elephants; creatures upreared upon strange limbs, armed with hideously fanged jaws, cruel talons, frightful, sawtoothed snouts, and glittering scales, red and yellow and green.		
Thad stared at them for long minutes, fascinated almost hypnotically.		
Thad gasped, tried to hold his breath, and thrust upward hard with the incandescent electrode.		
First he ascended the ladder to the bridge.		
Nor could the structures upon it have shut any large object from his view.		
The fair, small hands were crossed upon the breast, over the simple white garment.		
Several times the hinges creaked, and he felt a heavy pressure against the panels.		
And what happened to all your fellowastronauts.		
A fourth time he advanced, trembling, and seized the lid of the coffer.		
It stopped yelping, but snarled and whined as if in terror.		
He still wore his Ospreysuit.		
Cook thinks some of the doctor's stuffed      monstrosities have come to life.		
He found it, as his feet touched the floor.		
Thad clung desperately to the wire, muscles cracking, tortured arms almost drawn from their sockets.		
Rapidly he unslung from his belt the apparatus he used to capture meteors.		
When he had time to think, the invisibility of the thing was not so incredible.		
"Dr. Whiting is going to be smashed under the hammer of this dreadful machine, whenever the steam is up.		
"All you have to do is stand in the violet beam, to shrink.		
Circling slowly, keeping always on the level of the planet's equator, and near the edge of the violet ray, so as to be as close as possible to his landing place when he reached the proper size, he watched the creeping black needle.		
She had pointed across the great room, toward the strange little globe which hung between the pillars of red and violet light.		
"But on the Pygmy Planet, we have watched the life of a worldthe whole panorama of evolution"        *       *       *       *       * "It seems too wonderful!"		
When the area of the crystal platform appeared to be about half a square mile, he decided that he would now have sufficient space to spiral up the violet ray toward the planet.		
"And the thingsthe machinemonsters, Dr. Whiting called themhave learned to do it, too.		
Then he advanced warily toward the machinemonster, which had paused and seemed to be regarding him with sinister intentness, through its glistening crystal eyelenses.		
he muttered.		
With green wings outspread, the machinemonster was beating swiftly upward through the pillar of purpleblue flame.		
She shivered.		
Larry muttered.		
"It works!"		
The green tentacles released him, as the thing landed, and he sprawled beside it, dizzy after his strange flight.		
They would cause anything, living or dead, to shrink to inconceivably microscopic dimensionsor restore it to its former size, depending upon the exact wavelength used.		
"And the monsters worship this old steam hammer?"		
They had come to witness the sacrifice!		
It took a hundredfoot dinosaur nearly a second to know that his tail had been pinched.		
Dr. Whiting told me there might be danger, when he hired me."		
He said it was the great experiment of the century.		
A glittering, winged thing of crystal and green metal, identical with the one he had encountered in the laboratory.		
Before sunset, a swarm of the monsters appeared, wheeling on green wings.		
Reluctantly he withdrew his eyes from the mysterious sphere and looked about the room once more.		
He was staring at the thing in the pillar of scarlet light.		
"My turn next," she whispered.		
A heavy white cloud shrouded the corroded green machine.		
"I'm afraid one of the monsters will be back after a new victim.		
A perfect miniature, delicately beautiful; its slim, small wings were bright as silver foil.		
He had been injured in a struggle with the monsters, and his body was much emaciated.		
It hung there in the violet ray, an inch from the surface of the little world.		
What could it mean?		
"It carried him back up the violet beam.		
Every atom, you know, is a sort of solar system, with electrons revolving about a proton.		
Holding it before his eyes, he bent toward the strange sphere spinning steadily in the air.		
But Larry felt a queer, unfamiliar urge, which, he knew, would drive him on until he had discovered and saved heror until he was dead.		
he ejaculated.		
Table legs towered up like enormous columns.		
Had Agnes called him after the attack, or before?		
What an experiment" Then his eyes, looking up, caught the glistening, polished lens of a powerful magnifying glass which hung by a black ribbon from a hook on one of the heavy steel beams which supported the huge mass of silently whirring apparatus.		
His head came against the leg of a bench.		
he muttered.		
Abruptly, he recovered from his fascination of wonder.		
And there was abundant ammunition.		
The monster spread its broad emerald wings, and Larry was swiftly borne into the air.		
Larry, sent off his balance, staggered toward the glittering machine.		
She smiled wanly.		
He was forced to leave the work, hiding his improvised file.		
It was Agnes Sterling.		
Anxiously, he peered about the room.		
Bare, red deserts; narrow strips of green vegetation; shrunken, blue oceans; silvery lines of rivers, passed in fascinating panorama beneath his eyes.		
They came nearer the machine now, and flew about more swiftly, is if excited.		
he muttered.		
An impassable wall surrounding the city.		
It had dropped to the crystal disk upon which the red ray fell from the huge, glowing tube above.		
He discovered that certain frequencies of the Xrayso powerful that they are almost akin to the cosmic rayhave the power of altering electronic orbits.		
"And these rays would cause the electrons to fall into incredibly smaller orbits, causing vast reduction in the size of the atoms, and in the size of any object which the atoms formed.		
He may be alive there, in the deserts!"		
And of whatever had attacked them?		
His mind quickened at the idea, and he half forgot the weird mystery gathering about him.		
She was chained where Dr. Whiting had been.		
"What's the matter?"		
Agnes gasped.		
*       *       *       *       * Then he saw the machinemonster.		
he cried.		
The bars of light puzzled him considerably before it occurred to him that they must be the red and violet rays.		
In a white hand, which shook a little, she carried a small, goldplated automatic pistol.		
*       *       *       *       * After a moment he picked up a glass bottle which measured about three inches in height, set it on the floor, beside the crystal disk.		
Could he find her, in the vastness of an unfamiliar world?		
Moving with desperate haste, he got it into his hands and raised it just as the monster dropped to the red sand a dozen yards away from him.		
Larry, watching tensely, saw a curious, birdlike something fluttering about in the red ray, swiftly growing larger!		
The incredible immensity of his surroundings awed him strangely.		
Larry whispered to Agnes.		
Attached to the lower band were four jointed legs of the same bright green metal, upon which the strange thing stood.		
And when the pressure reached a certain point, something should happen!		
"And the best way I knew to find you was to let one of the monsters bring me.		
In a few moments the wide ruins of the ancient city were spread below, with the green line of the choked canal cutting the infinite red waste of the desert beyond it.		
Set in the middle band were two glittering, polished lenses, which seemed to serve as eyes, and Larry felt that they were gazing at him with malevolent menace.		
Then I was afraid you would be hurt" "Me, hurt?"		
When the "sun" had risen again, Larry brought Agnes some of the brown soup from the metal urn, which had been filled again.		
Larry sat close beside her, nursing hands that were blistered and sore from his days of filing at the chains.		
he muttered.		
Beneath the lens a world was racing.		
When you are the right size, all you have to do is drop to the surface, and land.		
"Back aboard!"		
"My dear."		
Carefully we carried a few leaves and dried pods from that crazy sentinel plant.		
We were to find out why.		
"Lilith?"		
*       *       *       *       * He was running when we heard the woman scream.		
Ours was the seventh survey ship to approach the planet.		
Shapeless blobs of rotting fruit were falling from it over those slender bones.		
"Words in the atoms?"		
"Hold it!"		
Wrecked our astrogation gear.		
"Lance!"		
It puzzled me.		
"I found Lilith dead!"		
We found no other clue.		
In that stifling quiet, her cry unnerved us all.		
He showed us the bit of blackened silver and blueveined stone.		
Angrily we turned on Lance Llandark.		
Emergency landing, when we tried to get off.		
Halfway to the ship, she fell into the mud.		
"Words?"		
"I'm not crazythe planet is.		
The silence became suffocating.		
Day after desperate day, we returned to the microprobe.		
When we knew that, we began to hear the hidden tension in his tired voice, monotonously calling on every band: "Come in, Six.... Come in Six...." Six never came in.		
Tattered, stained with bloodcolored juices, she slipped through those coiled, constricting creepers.		
The copper and arsenic in those needless links.		
"Her turquoise thunderbird."		
I'm probing a seed from the plant we found by Lilith's bones.		
I'd like to know why."		
We found no wreckage.		
"I'd just got the key, when that thing screamed.		
We were stunned, "She's your wife" "Aboard!		
We hated himuntil someone learned why he had volunteered to come.		
By the stream we found a fineboned human skeleton.		
Those shapeless leaves, twisted stalk, that sterile seed.		
He swung on us.		
Need your spare astropilot" "Back."		
The doublestranded chains of DNA were monstrously long; many of the nucleotide links held copper or arsenic atoms.		
She splashed out into the open ditch, waving a filthy rag.		
That was our mission.		
"Back on Terra.... Back when we were student pilots.... We bought it from an Indian in an old, old town called Sante Fe."		
Flying a grid over the landing area, we mapped six shallow pockmarks on that scowling wilderness, where our ships must have landed.		
Lance Llandark led three of us to bring her in.		
We obeyed his deadly voice.		
Patiently, day by fortyhour day, we searched the other sites.		
A hundred precious tons of microscopic electronic gear, it was designed to observe and manipulate the smallest units of life.		
He kept the probe running on the strangest genes of all; those from the plant nightmare that had grown beside his wife.		
We found no other bones, nothing even to tell us what force or poison kept the creeping jungle back from that solitary plant.		
Lance Llandark stood up.		
"Lilith" But he shrank back suddenly.		
"Help" she whispered faintly behind us in the mud.		
"Written in binary code."		
"Arbitrary!		
"Lilith, what killed you?"		
We dropped into the newest crater, where black stumps jutted like broken teeth out of queerly bare red muck.		
Day by eternal day, the unknown leered from the secret places of its genes.		
We found jet marks and stumps and teeming weeds, but nothing like that tormented nightmare over Lilith Llandark's skeleton.		
It was all vegetable.		
Lance kept muttering.		
It could reach even those strange genes.		
"What's wrong?"		
Nothing to show how the planet had murdered the lost expeditions.		
At the third dawn, Lance Llandark took two of us out in a 'copter.		
Its thick leaves were strangely streaked, twisted with vegetable agony, half poison spine and half blighted bloom.		
"We've no other chance."		
"No copper or arsenic in other plants here.		
he whispered.		
Too many genes had no function.		
Come along to the microprobe.		
"Survivorsneed astropilotto plot our way home" The clanging lock cut off her voice.		
The copper and arsenic atoms are not genetic instructions to the plant.		
His wife had been pilot of the ship before us.		
"The answer's in the genes," Lance Llandark whispered grimly.		
We saw no animal movement, heard no cry or insect hum.		
The shallow ditch our jets had dug.		
"I am nearly dead."		
Tears streaked the grime on her wasted face.		
he snapped.		
A nightmare plant stood guard beside the bones.		
"Queer!"		
someone whispered blankly.		
We crowded down to the lock.		
