thad	fling	-PRON-	flat	,	grasp	the	wire	above	the	reel	.		
-PRON-	be	hurl	howl	to	the	deck	.		
rubbish	,	of	course	.		
a	queer	ache	come	into	-PRON-	heart	.		
collected	specimen	of	some	alien	life	.		
but	how	come	a	rocketfli	here	,	in	the	perilous	swarm	of	the	meteor	belt	?		
-PRON-	start	across	the	hold	,	shrink	involuntarily	from	the	armored	enormity	that	seem	crouch	to	spring	at	-PRON-	,	motionless	eye	star	.		
a	powerful	electromagnet	,	with	a	thin	,	strong	wire	fasten	to	-PRON-	,	to	be	hurl	from	a	helixgun	.		
only	one	legible	entry	do	-PRON-	find	,	that	on	a	page	tear	from	the	book	,	which	somehow	have	escape	destruction	.		
-PRON-	fumble	in	the	bulky	inside	pocket	of	-PRON-	suit	,	find	a	slab	of	concentrated	food	,	and	toss	-PRON-	out	through	the	open	panel	.		
the	officer	of	interplanetary	liner	lose	no	love	upon	the	meteor	miner	,	claim	that	-PRON-	collect	mass	of	metal	,	almost	helpless	,	always	underpowered	,	be	menace	to	navigation	.		
that	be	the	obvious	implication	.		
the	captain	's	cabin	hold	evidence	of	a	violent	struggle	.		
but	-PRON-	return	in	a	sickening	wave	when	-PRON-	hear	the	short	,	shrill	,	cough	cry	,	hideously	eager	,	that	greet	the	opening	of	the	door	.		
have	a	man	fight	here	and	be	kill	?		
-PRON-	wait	,	repeat	the	call	.		
and	not	a	trace	.		
but	there	be	a	large	bloodstain	,	black	and	circular	,	on	the	floor	of	the	calculator	's	room	.		
grin	wanly	,	and	conscious	of	a	weakness	in	the	knee	,	-PRON-	mutter	:	"	-PRON-	sure	will	fill	the	museum	,	if	everybody	get	the	kick	out	of	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	do	.		
a	pretty	piece	of	salvage	,	-PRON-	reflect	,	if	-PRON-	could	land	-PRON-	on	mars	.		
red	dragon	.	the	name	of	-PRON-	home	port	,	below	,	be	in	small	letter	.		
but	an	invisible	being	,	that	could	creep	upon	-PRON-	and	strike	unseen	!		
the	deck	be	desert	,	light	only	by	three	dim	blue	globe	,	hang	from	the	curved	roof	.		
save	for	the	extreme	,	cadaverous	pallor	,	there	be	no	mark	of	death	.		
-PRON-	record	the	departure	from	titania	,	make	almost	as	soon	as	the	treasure	be	load	.		
invisible	claws	!		
the	vibration	of	the	metal	sphere	increase	.		
-PRON-	be	sure	-PRON-	could	manage	the	ship	if	-PRON-	mechanism	be	in	good	order	,	though	-PRON-	be	uncertain	of	-PRON-	ability	to	make	any	considerable	repair	.		
the	dog	spring	upon	-PRON-	,	wolf	-PRON-	eagerly	,	and	come	back	to	-PRON-	side	.		
nowhere	be	-PRON-	break	,	though	-PRON-	find	scar	where	small	meteoric	particle	have	scratch	the	brilliant	polish	.		
could	-PRON-	be	that	legendary	green	ship	,	say	once	to	have	mysteriously	appear	,	slice	up	and	draw	within	-PRON-	hull	several	of	the	primitive	ship	of	that	day	,	and	then	disappear	forever	after	in	the	remote	waste	of	space	?		
-PRON-	break	the	flimsy	fastening	.		
then	-PRON-	see	that	-PRON-	be	turn	,	end	over	end	,	very	slowly	.		
thad	think	that	the	unpleasant	earthy	odor	-PRON-	have	notice	upon	open	the	faceplate	of	-PRON-	helmet	be	strong	here	.		
-PRON-	give	.		
-PRON-	fling	away	from	-PRON-	,	the	wire	scream	from	the	reel	behind	-PRON-	.		
if	only	-PRON-	could	find	some	way	to	make	the	thing	visible	!		
a	claw	rip	savagely	at	-PRON-	side	.		
-PRON-	get	to	-PRON-	foot	,	and	gaze	backward	into	the	starry	gulf	,	where	-PRON-	sphere	of	iron	have	long	since	vanish	.		
but	     	what	be	one	to	think	?	"		
a	shriek	so	keen	and	shrill	that	-PRON-	seem	to	tear	out	-PRON-	nerve	by	-PRON-	root	.		
for	a	painful	instant	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	have	miss	.		
ominous	,	threaten	stillness	fill	the	ship	again	,	disturb	only	by	the	whimper	and	frightened	growl	of	the	dog	.		
-PRON-	hear	-PRON-	tear	again	,	along	-PRON-	right	thigh	.		
the	yellow	dog	crouch	whimpering	against	-PRON-	leg	.		
before	-PRON-	be	a	tiny	,	glowing	fleck	,	that	move	among	the	unchanging	star	.		
glitter	in	the	blue	light	,	-PRON-	look	unreal	.		
everything	be	clean	,	bright	with	polish	or	new	paint	.		
shape	of	creature	somewhat	like	gigantic	spider	,	and	more	unlike	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	dead	.		
-PRON-	be	fill	with	monstrous	thing	,	colossal	creature	,	such	as	nothing	that	ever	live	upon	the	earth	;	like	nothing	know	in	the	jungle	of	venus	or	the	desert	of	mars	,	or	anything	that	have	be	find	upon	jupiter	's	moon	.		
-PRON-	fragment	,	with	piece	of	broken	furniture	,	book	,	cover	from	the	berth	,	and	three	service	pistol	,	be	scatter	about	in	indescribable	confusion	,	all	stain	with	blood	.		
-PRON-	be	not	beyond	reason	that	such	a	planet	should	be	inhabit	by	being	invisible	to	human	sight	.		
a	few	tattered	scrap	of	cloth	beside	-PRON-	.		
for	a	moment	-PRON-	struggle	furiously	,	as	if	an	invisible	claw	have	pin	-PRON-	down	.		
"	somebody	be	go	to	find	-PRON-	a	nice	chunk	of	metal	,	all	weld	together	and	equip	for	rocket	navigation	,	"	-PRON-	murmur	.		
-PRON-	try	one	at	random	.		
but	what	have	-PRON-	fight	?		
with	a	sharp	,	eager	bark	,	-PRON-	leap	up	at	thad	,	paw	at	-PRON-	armor	and	lick	-PRON-	,	stand	on	-PRON-	hind	leg	and	reach	toward	the	visor	of	-PRON-	helmet	.		
the	vessel	answer	readily	to	-PRON-	helm	.		
-PRON-	set	the	drum	on	which	the	wire	be	wind	upon	the	metal	at	-PRON-	foot	,	fasten	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	magnetic	anchor	,	wonder	if	-PRON-	would	stand	the	terrific	strain	when	the	wire	tighten	.		
the	yellow	dog	seem	half	to	forget	-PRON-	fear	.		
a	form	of	weird	horror	materialize	before	-PRON-	,	still	half	invisible	,	half	outline	with	the	white	film	of	adhere	powder	:	gigantic	and	hideous	claws	,	that	seem	to	reach	out	of	empty	air	,	the	side	of	a	huge	,	scaly	body	,	a	yawning	,	drip	jaw	.		
the	hold	be	not	invite	.		
-PRON-	must	be	large	and	very	ferocious	.		
the	air	must	be	good	,	-PRON-	think	,	if	the	dog	could	live	in	-PRON-	.		
at	comet	's	place	in	helion	,	down	by	the	canal	.		
-PRON-	be	monster	remotely	resemble	insect	or	crustacean	,	but	as	large	as	horse	or	elephant	;	creature	upreared	upon	strange	limb	,	arm	with	hideously	fang	jaw	,	cruel	talon	,	frightful	,	sawtooth	snout	,	and	glitter	scale	,	red	and	yellow	and	green	.		
thad	star	at	-PRON-	for	long	minute	,	fascinate	almost	hypnotically	.		
thad	gasp	,	try	to	hold	-PRON-	breath	,	and	thrust	upward	hard	with	the	incandescent	electrode	.		
first	-PRON-	ascend	the	ladder	to	the	bridge	.		
nor	could	the	structure	upon	-PRON-	have	shut	any	large	object	from	-PRON-	view	.		
the	fair	,	small	hand	be	cross	upon	the	breast	,	over	the	simple	white	garment	.		
several	time	the	hinge	creak	,	and	-PRON-	feel	a	heavy	pressure	against	the	panel	.		
and	what	happen	to	all	-PRON-	fellowastronaut	.		
a	fourth	time	-PRON-	advance	,	tremble	,	and	seize	the	lid	of	the	coffer	.		
-PRON-	stop	yelp	,	but	snarl	and	whine	as	if	in	terror	.		
-PRON-	still	wear	-PRON-	ospreysuit	.		
cook	think	some	of	the	doctor	's	stuff	     	monstrosity	have	come	to	life	.		
-PRON-	find	-PRON-	,	as	-PRON-	foot	touch	the	floor	.		
thad	clung	desperately	to	the	wire	,	muscle	crack	,	tortured	arm	almost	draw	from	-PRON-	socket	.		
rapidly	-PRON-	unslung	from	-PRON-	belt	the	apparatus	-PRON-	use	to	capture	meteor	.		
when	-PRON-	have	time	to	think	,	the	invisibility	of	the	thing	be	not	so	incredible	.		
"	dr.	whiting	be	go	to	be	smash	under	the	hammer	of	this	dreadful	machine	,	whenever	the	steam	be	up	.		
"	all	-PRON-	have	to	do	be	stand	in	the	violet	beam	,	to	shrink	.		
circle	slowly	,	keep	always	on	the	level	of	the	planet	's	equator	,	and	near	the	edge	of	the	violet	ray	,	so	as	to	be	as	close	as	possible	to	-PRON-	landing	place	when	-PRON-	reach	the	proper	size	,	-PRON-	watch	the	creep	black	needle	.		
-PRON-	have	point	across	the	great	room	,	toward	the	strange	little	globe	which	hang	between	the	pillar	of	red	and	violet	light	.		
"	but	on	the	pygmy	planet	,	-PRON-	have	watch	the	life	of	a	worldthe	whole	panorama	of	evolution	"	       	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	"	-PRON-	seem	too	wonderful	!	"		
when	the	area	of	the	crystal	platform	appear	to	be	about	half	a	square	mile	,	-PRON-	decide	that	-PRON-	would	now	have	sufficient	space	to	spiral	up	the	violet	ray	toward	the	planet	.		
"	and	the	thingsthe	machinemonster	,	dr.	whiting	call	themhave	learn	to	do	-PRON-	,	too	.		
then	-PRON-	advance	warily	toward	the	machinemonster	,	which	have	pause	and	seem	to	be	regard	-PRON-	with	sinister	intentness	,	through	-PRON-	glisten	crystal	eyelens	.		
-PRON-	mutter	.		
with	green	wing	outspread	,	the	machinemonster	be	beat	swiftly	upward	through	the	pillar	of	purpleblue	flame	.		
-PRON-	shiver	.		
larry	mutter	.		
"	-PRON-	work	!	"		
the	green	tentacle	release	-PRON-	,	as	the	thing	land	,	and	-PRON-	sprawl	beside	-PRON-	,	dizzy	after	-PRON-	strange	flight	.		
-PRON-	would	because	anything	,	living	or	dead	,	to	shrink	to	inconceivably	microscopic	dimensionsor	restore	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	former	size	,	depend	upon	the	exact	wavelength	use	.		
"	and	the	monster	worship	this	old	steam	hammer	?	"		
-PRON-	have	come	to	witness	the	sacrifice	!		
-PRON-	take	a	hundredfoot	dinosaur	nearly	a	second	to	know	that	-PRON-	tail	have	be	pinch	.		
dr.	whiting	tell	-PRON-	there	may	be	danger	,	when	-PRON-	hire	-PRON-	.	"		
-PRON-	say	-PRON-	be	the	great	experiment	of	the	century	.		
a	glitter	,	winged	thing	of	crystal	and	green	metal	,	identical	with	the	one	-PRON-	have	encounter	in	the	laboratory	.		
before	sunset	,	a	swarm	of	the	monster	appear	,	wheel	on	green	wing	.		
reluctantly	-PRON-	withdraw	-PRON-	eye	from	the	mysterious	sphere	and	look	about	the	room	once	more	.		
-PRON-	be	star	at	the	thing	in	the	pillar	of	scarlet	light	.		
"	-PRON-	turn	next	,	"	-PRON-	whisper	.		
a	heavy	white	cloud	shroud	the	corroded	green	machine	.		
"	-PRON-	be	afraid	one	of	the	monster	will	be	back	after	a	new	victim	.		
a	perfect	miniature	,	delicately	beautiful	;	-PRON-	slim	,	small	wing	be	bright	as	silver	foil	.		
-PRON-	have	be	injure	in	a	struggle	with	the	monster	,	and	-PRON-	body	be	much	emaciate	.		
-PRON-	hang	there	in	the	violet	ray	,	an	inch	from	the	surface	of	the	little	world	.		
what	could	-PRON-	mean	?		
"	-PRON-	carry	-PRON-	back	up	the	violet	beam	.		
every	atom	,	-PRON-	know	,	be	a	sort	of	solar	system	,	with	electron	revolve	about	a	proton	.		
hold	-PRON-	before	-PRON-	eye	,	-PRON-	bend	toward	the	strange	sphere	spinning	steadily	in	the	air	.		
but	larry	feel	a	queer	,	unfamiliar	urge	,	which	,	-PRON-	know	,	would	drive	-PRON-	on	until	-PRON-	have	discover	and	save	heror	until	-PRON-	be	dead	.		
-PRON-	ejaculate	.		
table	leg	tower	up	like	enormous	column	.		
have	agnes	call	-PRON-	after	the	attack	,	or	before	?		
what	an	experiment	"	then	-PRON-	eye	,	look	up	,	catch	the	glistening	,	polished	lens	of	a	powerful	magnifying	glass	which	hang	by	a	black	ribbon	from	a	hook	on	one	of	the	heavy	steel	beam	which	support	the	huge	mass	of	silently	whir	apparatus	.		
-PRON-	head	come	against	the	leg	of	a	bench	.		
-PRON-	mutter	.		
abruptly	,	-PRON-	recover	from	-PRON-	fascination	of	wonder	.		
and	there	be	abundant	ammunition	.		
the	monster	spread	-PRON-	broad	emerald	wing	,	and	larry	be	swiftly	bear	into	the	air	.		
larry	,	send	off	-PRON-	balance	,	stagger	toward	the	glitter	machine	.		
-PRON-	smile	wanly	.		
-PRON-	be	force	to	leave	the	work	,	hide	-PRON-	improvise	file	.		
-PRON-	be	agnes	sterling	.		
anxiously	,	-PRON-	peer	about	the	room	.		
bare	,	red	desert	;	narrow	strip	of	green	vegetation	;	shrunken	,	blue	ocean	;	silvery	line	of	river	,	pass	in	fascinating	panorama	beneath	-PRON-	eye	.		
-PRON-	come	nearer	the	machine	now	,	and	fly	about	more	swiftly	,	be	if	excited	.		
-PRON-	mutter	.		
an	impassable	wall	surround	the	city	.		
-PRON-	have	drop	to	the	crystal	disk	upon	which	the	red	ray	fall	from	the	huge	,	glowing	tube	above	.		
-PRON-	discover	that	certain	frequency	of	the	xrayso	powerful	that	-PRON-	be	almost	akin	to	the	cosmic	rayhave	the	power	of	alter	electronic	orbit	.		
"	and	these	ray	would	because	the	electron	to	fall	into	incredibly	small	orbit	,	cause	vast	reduction	in	the	size	of	the	atom	,	and	in	the	size	of	any	object	which	the	atom	form	.		
-PRON-	may	be	alive	there	,	in	the	desert	!	"		
and	of	whatev	have	attack	-PRON-	?		
-PRON-	mind	quicken	at	the	idea	,	and	-PRON-	half	forget	the	weird	mystery	gather	about	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	chain	where	dr.	whiting	have	be	.		
"	what	be	the	matter	?	"		
agne	gasp	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	then	-PRON-	see	the	machinemonster	.		
-PRON-	cry	.		
the	bar	of	light	puzzle	-PRON-	considerably	before	-PRON-	occur	to	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	must	be	the	red	and	violet	ray	.		
in	a	white	hand	,	which	shake	a	little	,	-PRON-	carry	a	small	,	goldplate	automatic	pistol	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	after	a	moment	-PRON-	pick	up	a	glass	bottle	which	measure	about	three	inch	in	height	,	set	-PRON-	on	the	floor	,	beside	the	crystal	disk	.		
could	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	,	in	the	vastness	of	an	unfamiliar	world	?		
move	with	desperate	haste	,	-PRON-	get	-PRON-	into	-PRON-	hand	and	raise	-PRON-	just	as	the	monster	drop	to	the	red	sand	a	dozen	yard	away	from	-PRON-	.		
larry	,	watch	tensely	,	see	a	curious	,	birdlike	something	flutter	about	in	the	red	ray	,	swiftly	grow	large	!		
the	incredible	immensity	of	-PRON-	surrounding	awe	-PRON-	strangely	.		
larry	whisper	to	agnes	.		
attach	to	the	low	band	be	four	jointed	leg	of	the	same	bright	green	metal	,	upon	which	the	strange	thing	stand	.		
and	when	the	pressure	reach	a	certain	point	,	something	should	happen	!		
"	and	the	good	way	-PRON-	know	to	find	-PRON-	be	to	let	one	of	the	monster	bring	-PRON-	.		
in	a	few	moment	the	wide	ruin	of	the	ancient	city	be	spread	below	,	with	the	green	line	of	the	choke	canal	cut	the	infinite	red	waste	of	the	desert	beyond	-PRON-	.		
set	in	the	middle	band	be	two	glitter	,	polished	lens	,	which	seem	to	serve	as	eye	,	and	larry	feel	that	-PRON-	be	gaze	at	-PRON-	with	malevolent	menace	.		
then	-PRON-	be	afraid	-PRON-	would	be	hurt	"	"	-PRON-	,	hurt	?	"		
when	the	"	sun	"	have	rise	again	,	larry	bring	agnes	some	of	the	brown	soup	from	the	metal	urn	,	which	have	be	fill	again	.		
larry	sit	close	beside	-PRON-	,	nurse	hand	that	be	blister	and	sore	from	-PRON-	day	of	filing	at	the	chain	.		
-PRON-	mutter	.		
beneath	the	lens	a	world	be	race	.		
when	-PRON-	be	the	right	size	,	all	-PRON-	have	to	do	be	drop	to	the	surface	,	and	land	.		
"	back	aboard	!	"		
"	-PRON-	dear	.	"		
carefully	-PRON-	carry	a	few	leaf	and	dry	pod	from	that	crazy	sentinel	plant	.		
-PRON-	be	to	find	out	why	.		
"	lilith	?	"		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	-PRON-	be	run	when	-PRON-	hear	the	woman	scream	.		
-PRON-	be	the	seventh	survey	ship	to	approach	the	planet	.		
shapeless	blob	of	rot	fruit	be	fall	from	-PRON-	over	those	slender	bone	.		
"	word	in	the	atom	?	"		
"	hold	-PRON-	!	"		
wreck	-PRON-	astrogation	gear	.		
"	lance	!	"		
-PRON-	puzzle	-PRON-	.		
"	-PRON-	find	lilith	dead	!	"		
-PRON-	find	no	other	clue	.		
in	that	stifle	quiet	,	-PRON-	cry	unnerve	-PRON-	all	.		
-PRON-	show	-PRON-	the	bit	of	blacken	silver	and	bluevein	stone	.		
angrily	-PRON-	turn	on	lance	llandark	.		
emergency	landing	,	when	-PRON-	try	to	get	off	.		
halfway	to	the	ship	,	-PRON-	fall	into	the	mud	.		
"	word	?	"		
"	-PRON-	be	not	crazythe	planet	be	.		
the	silence	become	suffocate	.		
day	after	desperate	day	,	-PRON-	return	to	the	microprobe	.		
when	-PRON-	know	that	,	-PRON-	begin	to	hear	the	hidden	tension	in	-PRON-	tired	voice	,	monotonously	call	on	every	band	:	"	come	in	,	six	....	come	in	six	....	"	six	never	come	in	.		
tattered	,	stain	with	bloodcolor	juice	,	-PRON-	slip	through	those	coil	,	constrict	creeper	.		
the	copper	and	arsenic	in	those	needless	link	.		
"	-PRON-	turquoise	thunderbird	.	"		
-PRON-	be	probe	a	seed	from	the	plant	-PRON-	find	by	lilith	's	bone	.		
-PRON-	would	like	to	know	why	.	"		
-PRON-	find	no	wreckage	.		
"	-PRON-	would	just	get	the	key	,	when	that	thing	scream	.		
-PRON-	be	stunned	,	"	-PRON-	be	-PRON-	wife	"	"	aboard	!		
-PRON-	hat	himuntil	someone	learn	why	-PRON-	have	volunteer	to	come	.		
by	the	stream	-PRON-	find	a	fineboned	human	skeleton	.		
those	shapeless	leave	,	twisted	stalk	,	that	sterile	seed	.		
-PRON-	swing	on	-PRON-	.		
need	-PRON-	spare	astropilot	"	"	back	.	"		
the	doublestrand	chain	of	dna	be	monstrously	long	;	many	of	the	nucleotide	link	hold	copper	or	arsenic	atom	.		
-PRON-	splash	out	into	the	open	ditch	,	wave	a	filthy	rag	.		
that	be	-PRON-	mission	.		
"	back	on	terra	....	back	when	-PRON-	be	student	pilot	....	-PRON-	buy	-PRON-	from	an	indian	in	an	old	,	old	town	call	sante	fe	.	"		
fly	a	grid	over	the	landing	area	,	-PRON-	map	six	shallow	pockmark	on	that	scowling	wilderness	,	where	-PRON-	ship	must	have	land	.		
lance	llandark	lead	three	of	-PRON-	to	bring	-PRON-	in	.		
-PRON-	obey	-PRON-	deadly	voice	.		
patiently	,	day	by	fortyhour	day	,	-PRON-	search	the	other	site	.		
a	hundred	precious	ton	of	microscopic	electronic	gear	,	-PRON-	be	design	to	observe	and	manipulate	the	small	unit	of	life	.		
-PRON-	keep	the	probe	run	on	the	strange	gene	of	all	;	those	from	the	plant	nightmare	that	have	grow	beside	-PRON-	wife	.		
-PRON-	find	no	other	bone	,	nothing	even	to	tell	-PRON-	what	force	or	poison	keep	the	creep	jungle	back	from	that	solitary	plant	.		
lance	llandark	stand	up	.		
"	lilith	"	but	-PRON-	shrink	back	suddenly	.		
"	help	"	-PRON-	whisper	faintly	behind	-PRON-	in	the	mud	.		
"	write	in	binary	code	.	"		
"	arbitrary	!		
"	lilith	,	what	kill	-PRON-	?	"		
-PRON-	drop	into	the	new	crater	,	where	black	stump	jut	like	broken	tooth	out	of	queerly	bare	red	muck	.		
day	by	eternal	day	,	the	unknown	leer	from	the	secret	place	of	-PRON-	gene	.		
-PRON-	find	jet	mark	and	stump	and	teem	weed	,	but	nothing	like	that	torment	nightmare	over	lilith	llandark	's	skeleton	.		
-PRON-	be	all	vegetable	.		
lance	keep	mutter	.		
-PRON-	could	reach	even	those	strange	gene	.		
"	what	be	wrong	?	"		
nothing	to	show	how	the	planet	have	murder	the	lost	expedition	.		
at	the	third	dawn	,	lance	llandark	take	two	of	-PRON-	out	in	a	'	copter	.		
-PRON-	thick	leaf	be	strangely	streak	,	twist	with	vegetable	agony	,	half	poison	spine	and	half	blight	bloom	.		
"	-PRON-	have	no	other	chance	.	"		
"	no	copper	or	arsenic	in	other	plant	here	.		
-PRON-	whisper	.		
too	many	gene	have	no	function	.		
come	along	to	the	microprobe	.		
"	survivorsne	astropilotto	plot	-PRON-	way	home	"	the	clang	lock	cut	off	-PRON-	voice	.		
the	copper	and	arsenic	atom	be	not	genetic	instruction	to	the	plant	.		
-PRON-	wife	have	be	pilot	of	the	ship	before	-PRON-	.		
"	the	answer	be	in	the	gene	,	"	lance	llandark	whisper	grimly	.		
-PRON-	see	no	animal	movement	,	hear	no	cry	or	insect	hum	.		
the	shallow	ditch	-PRON-	jet	have	dig	.		
"	-PRON-	be	nearly	dead	.	"		
tear	streak	the	grime	on	-PRON-	waste	face	.		
-PRON-	snap	.		
a	nightmare	plant	stand	guard	beside	the	bone	.		
"	queer	!	"		
someone	whisper	blankly	.		
-PRON-	crowd	down	to	the	lock	.		
