alwa	have	be	in	-PRON-	hut	,	but	-PRON-	hear	the	word	and	come	out	.		
-PRON-	fall	,	as	a	dead	man	fall	.		
-PRON-	would	feel	-PRON-	run	over	-PRON-	,	even	when	-PRON-	would	spend	an	hour	pick	the	bed	clean	of	-PRON-	by	the	light	of	the	carbide	lantern	.		
there	be	the	marigee	who	would	shriek	"	all	be	lose	!	"	-PRON-	have	shoot	at	-PRON-	a	hundred	time	with	-PRON-	needle	gun	,	but	always	-PRON-	fly	away	unharmed	.		
voice	in	and	of	the	night	.		
the	gleam	of	firelight	upon	-PRON-	body	,	and	the	wait	drummer	.		
but	the	gun	be	in	-PRON-	hand	when	,	at	dusk	,	-PRON-	stride	into	the	compound	.		
"	all	earthling	come	from	the	sky	.		
now	there	be	a	dozen	marigee	that	scream	that	all	be	lose	.		
-PRON-	retreat	a	step	to	keep	beyond	-PRON-	front	rank	.		
those	sound	,	and	those	alone	.		
the	race	of	tree	,	the	pure	race	of	tree	that	never	interbreed	,	that	stand	firm	always	.		
-PRON-	be	astonishingly	like	the	ant	of	terra	.		
-PRON-	be	no	long	number	one	.		
in	the	doorway	,	-PRON-	turn	and	say	,	"	-PRON-	pray	for	-PRON-	.	"		
number	one	,	hail	!	"		
"	-PRON-	seek	the	sea	and	the	beach	.		
-PRON-	grow	to	hate	-PRON-	,	and	the	very	misery	of	-PRON-	night	make	-PRON-	day	more	tolerable	by	give	-PRON-	an	increase	purpose	.		
click	of	heel	and	a	salute	that	once	greet	the	caesars	,	and	later	the	pseudoaryan	of	the	20th	century	,	and	,	but	yesterday	,	-PRON-	who	be	now	know	as	the	last	of	the	dictator	.		
in	spite	of	everything	;	in	spite	of	-PRON-	score	of	ultravicious	secret	weapon	and	the	last	desperate	effort	of	-PRON-	weaken	army	,	most	of	whose	man	be	under	twenty	or	over	forty	.		
utter	silence	,	and	at	last	-PRON-	be	strong	enough	to	let	go	-PRON-	grip	on	the	tree	and	stand	erect	again	,	to	look	about	to	get	-PRON-	bearing	.		
rocket	ship	rain	hell	from	the	sky	,	havoc	and	chaos	and	the	end	of	hope	.		
that	have	be	at	the	public	school	meet	in	the	new	los	angeles	.		
-PRON-	could	see	one	edge	of	the	column	,	and	-PRON-	be	a	neat	,	orderly	edge	.		
but	-PRON-	stagger	on	,	almost	blindly	,	run	,	writhe	,	tear	off	-PRON-	clothe	as	-PRON-	run	.		
"	-PRON-	be	an	earthling	,	but	there	have	be	such	before	on	venus	,	many	many	of	-PRON-	who	come	long	and	long	ago	from	the	sky	.		
but	-PRON-	keep	come	back	.		
but	always	there	be	as	many	left	.		
but	stark	fear	and	the	memory	of	unendurable	pain	drive	-PRON-	on	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	mr.	smith	,	a	black	dot	on	the	dazzling	white	sand	,	watch	the	lifeboat	disappear	up	into	the	blue	,	finally	into	the	haze	of	the	upper	atmosphere	of	venus	.		
scream	with	pain	,	-PRON-	whirl	about	and	run	,	beat	with	-PRON-	hand	at	the	burn	spot	on	-PRON-	body	.		
almost	,	mr.	smith	forget	people	and	the	solar	system	and	what	have	be	.		
"	-PRON-	be	number	one	,	"	say	mr.	smith	,	"	and	lord	of	all	the	planet	.		
but	for	day	and	night	-PRON-	lie	without	move	and	without	speak	or	open	-PRON-	eye	,	and	-PRON-	do	not	know	whether	-PRON-	would	live	or	die	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	the	long	day	,	and	the	marigee	'	scream	,	the	slither	swish	of	the	surf	,	the	ghostquiet	movement	of	the	baroon	in	the	tree	and	the	raucousness	of	-PRON-	shrill	voice	.		
but	-PRON-	get	into	-PRON-	bed	,	into	-PRON-	clothe	,	into	-PRON-	food	.		
-PRON-	keep	-PRON-	sane	,	by	give	-PRON-	something	tangible	,	something	inferior	,	to	hate	.		
-PRON-	wet	-PRON-	lip	when	-PRON-	read	that	.		
in	some	-PRON-	may	receive	humane	treatment	.		
-PRON-	stand	there	,	sway	,	and	the	incredulous	eye	of	the	native	widen	as	-PRON-	see	the	condition	of	-PRON-	body	,	and	the	blankness	of	-PRON-	eye	.		
league	back	of	the	batter	line	,	-PRON-	could	feel	that	hate	and	vengeance	as	a	tangible	thing	,	a	thing	that	thicken	the	air	,	that	make	breathe	difficult	and	talk	futile	.		
for	the	time	of	silence	be	loud	.		
nrana	listen	,	but	-PRON-	shake	-PRON-	head	.		
-PRON-	must	have	kill	million	of	kif	.		
-PRON-	bother	-PRON-	sleep	.		
there	be	a	shrill	screaming	in	-PRON-	ear	that	must	have	be	the	sound	of	-PRON-	own	voice	.		
-PRON-	seldom	go	far	from	-PRON-	village	;	the	spaceradar	operator	who	have	once	occupy	the	shack	report	that	-PRON-	have	never	see	one	of	-PRON-	.		
bush	and	the	rough	bark	of	tree	tear	-PRON-	flesh	.		
-PRON-	say	,	"	-PRON-	will	serve	-PRON-	,	yes	.		
and	then	,	-PRON-	could	run	no	longer	,	and	-PRON-	clutch	a	tree	to	keep	from	fall	,	-PRON-	arm	tremble	about	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	face	press	against	the	impersonal	roughness	of	the	bark	.		
and	the	rain	come	and	go	away	again	.		
the	presence	of	other	would	have	force	recognition	of	-PRON-	miserably	changed	status	.		
and	there	be	discipline	,	for	the	one	on	the	outside	be	large	than	those	in	the	center	.		
night	-PRON-	walk	the	beach	,	and	that	night	be	one	of	the	noisy	night	.		
conrad	's	voice	in	-PRON-	ear	,	as	-PRON-	have	sound	that	day	when	conrad	have	walk	into	the	palace	,	whitefac	,	and	forget	the	salute	.		
-PRON-	say	,	"	-PRON-	be	number	one	,	the	lord	of	all	the	solar	system	,	and	-PRON-	ruler	.		
-PRON-	talk	on	,	hop	the	earthling	would	talk	too	,	and	-PRON-	do	not	recognize	the	danger	of	-PRON-	silence	.		
other	start	toward	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	throat	raw	from	the	scream	invective	of	-PRON-	hate	.		
"	number	one	...	"	"	silence	!	"		
-PRON-	old	eye	mist	.		
the	eye	of	the	dictator	close	.		
not	the	bitterness	of	regret	,	but	of	defeat	.		
and	then	come	alwa	,	the	aged	chieftain	,	and	nrana	,	-PRON-	son	.		
there	be	no	wind	,	but	the	tree	sway	back	and	forth	and	-PRON-	body	with	-PRON-	.		
the	man	in	the	greatcoat	shrug	.		
sometimes	,	fantastic	thought	go	through	-PRON-	head	.		
-PRON-	be	the	passive	resistance	of	a	vast	productivity	that	breed	kif	ceaselessly	,	overwhelmingly	,	billion	to	replace	million	.		
the	captain	's	voice	,	too	,	be	rigid	with	unemotion	.		
and	then	,	while	the	woman	begin	wail	for	the	dead	,	the	man	make	council	.		
drum	.		
-PRON-	look	about	with	dull	eye	that	seem	to	see	nothing	and	understand	nothing	.		
just	drum	,	many	mile	away	,	throb	rhythm	for	native	dance	or	exorcising	,	perhaps	,	the	forestnight	demon	.		
-PRON-	have	foresee	thatthe	need	for	solitude	.		
that	be	all	?	"		
when	,	with	several	of	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	return	to	the	village	,	the	earthling	be	go	.		
and	,	captain	,	-PRON-	running	of	the	blockade	,	-PRON-	securing	of	fuel	en	route	,	have	constitute	a	deed	of	high	valor	.		
a	pogrom	against	the	kifs	.		
-PRON-	retreat	another	stepand	then	,	quite	suddenly	,	-PRON-	body	be	afire	in	several	spread	place	.		
nrana	do	not	know	the	word	for	delirium	and	paranoia	,	but	-PRON-	could	distinguish	between	-PRON-	.		
and	the	soundit	be	like	the	sound	of	the	surf	,	but	-PRON-	be	continuous	.		
and	then	-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	have	be	hear	another	sound	,	hear	-PRON-	often	and	long	at	a	time	.		
ahead	of	the	rank	that	eat	away	the	grass	.		
section	 	2	.		
if	an	individual	work	be	in	the	public	domain	in	the	united	states	and	-PRON-	be	locate	in	the	united	states	,	-PRON-	do	not	claim	a	right	to	prevent	-PRON-	from	copy	,	distribute	,	perform	,	display	or	create	derivative	work	base	on	the	work	as	long	as	all	reference	to	project	gutenberg	be	remove	.		
1.e.6	.		
sentry	-PRON-	be	wet	and	muddy	and	hungry	and	cold	,	and	-PRON-	be	fifty	thousand	lightyear	from	home	.		
"	-PRON-	have	not	think	of	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	will	be	interesting	to	try	.		
special	rule	,	set	forth	in	the	general	terms	of	use	part	of	this	license	,	apply	to	copying	and	distribute	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	to	protect	the	project	gutenbergtm	concept	and	trademark	.		
section	3	.		
and	then	-PRON-	see	one	of	-PRON-	crawl	toward	-PRON-	.		
1.f.6	.		
like	this	damned	planet	of	a	star	-PRON-	would	never	hear	of	until	-PRON-	would	land	-PRON-	there	.		
if	-PRON-	be	outside	the	united	states	,	check	the	law	of	-PRON-	country	in	addition	to	the	term	of	this	agreement	before	download	,	copying	,	display	,	perform	,	distribute	or	create	derivative	work	base	on	this	work	or	any	other	project	gutenbergtm	work	.		
indemnity	 	-PRON-	agree	to	indemnify	and	hold	the	foundation	,	the	trademark	owner	,	any	agent	or	employee	of	the	foundation	,	anyone	provide	copy	of	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	in	accordance	with	this	agreement	,	and	any	volunteer	associate	with	the	production	,	promotion	and	distribution	of	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	,	harmless	from	all	liability	,	cost	and	expense	,	include	legal	fee	,	that	arise	directly	or	indirectly	from	any	of	the	follow	which	-PRON-	do	or	because	to	occur	:	(	a	)	distribution	of	this	or	any	project	gutenbergtm	work	,	(	b	)	alteration	,	modification	,	or	addition	or	deletion	to	any	project	gutenbergtm	work	,	and	(	c	)	any	defect	-PRON-	because	.		
1.e.5	.		
1.f.1	.		
 	-PRON-	provide	a	full	refund	of	any	money	pay	by	a	user	who	notify	     	-PRON-	in	writing	(	or	by	email	)	within	30	day	of	receipt	that	s	/	-PRON-	     	do	not	agree	to	the	term	of	the	full	project	gutenbergtm	     	license	.		
if	-PRON-	receive	the	work	on	a	physical	medium	,	-PRON-	must	return	the	medium	with	-PRON-	write	explanation	.		
fifty	thousand	lightyear	from	home	,	fight	on	a	strange	world	and	wonder	if	-PRON-	would	ever	live	to	see	home	again	.		
the	fee	be	     	owe	to	the	owner	of	the	project	gutenbergtm	trademark	,	but	-PRON-	     	have	agree	to	donate	royalty	under	this	paragraph	to	the	     	project	gutenberg	literary	archive	foundation	.		
volunteer	and	financial	support	to	provide	volunteer	with	the	assistance	-PRON-	need	be	critical	to	reach	project	gutenbergtm	's	goal	and	ensure	that	the	project	gutenbergtm	collection	will	remain	freely	available	for	generation	to	come	.		
can	copy	and	distribute	-PRON-	in	the	united	states	without	permission	and	without	pay	copyright	royalty	.		
"	how	can	-PRON-	place	-PRON-	there	,	then	?	"		
do	not	charge	a	fee	for	access	to	,	view	,	display	,	perform	,	copy	or	distribute	any	project	gutenbergtm	work	unless	-PRON-	comply	with	paragraph	1.e.8	or	1.e.9	.		
-PRON-	be	wet	and	muddy	and	hungry	and	cold	,	and	the	day	be	raw	with	a	high	wind	that	hurt	-PRON-	eye	.		
-PRON-	shall	now	activate	the	mechanismby	place	the	cube	on	the	platformat	exactly	three	o'clock	.		
section	1	.		
the	foundation	make	no	representation	concern	the	copyright	status	of	any	work	in	any	country	outside	the	united	states	.		
-PRON-	may	only	be	use	on	or	associate	in	any	way	with	an	electronic	work	by	people	who	agree	to	be	bind	by	the	term	of	this	agreement	.		
unless	-PRON-	have	remove	all	reference	to	project	gutenberg	:	1.e.1	.		
-PRON-	exist	because	of	the	effort	of	hundred	of	volunteer	and	donation	from	people	in	all	walk	of	life	.		
there	be	a	few	thing	that	-PRON-	can	do	with	most	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	even	without	comply	with	the	full	term	of	this	agreement	.		
"	but	,	"	-PRON-	say	,	"	what	if	,	now	that	-PRON-	have	already	appear	five	minute	before	-PRON-	place	-PRON-	there	,	-PRON-	should	change	-PRON-	mind	about	do	so	and	not	place	-PRON-	there	at	three	o'clock	?		
the	follow	sentence	,	with	active	link	to	,	or	other	immediate	access	to	,	the	full	project	gutenbergtm	license	must	appear	prominently	whenever	any	copy	of	a	project	gutenbergtm	work	(	any	work	on	which	the	phrase	"	project	gutenberg	"	appear	,	or	with	which	the	phrase	"	project	gutenberg	"	be	associate	)	be	access	,	display	,	perform	,	view	,	copied	or	distribute	:	this	ebook	be	for	the	use	of	anyone	anywhere	at	no	cost	and	with	almost	no	restriction	whatsoever	.		
-PRON-	appear	on	the	platform	of	the	time	machine	.		
if	-PRON-	do	not	charge	anything	for	copy	of	this	ebook	,	comply	with	the	rule	be	very	easy	.		
when	the	chip	be	down	,	though	,	-PRON-	be	still	the	foot	soldier	,	the	infantry	,	that	have	to	take	the	ground	and	hold	-PRON-	,	foot	by	bloody	foot	.		
-PRON-	may	convert	to	and	distribute	this	work	in	any	binary	,	compress	,	mark	up	,	nonproprietary	or	proprietary	form	,	include	any	word	processing	or	hypertext	form	.		
but	the	entire	rest	of	the	universe	,	professor	and	all	,	vanish	.		
the	copyright	law	of	the	place	where	-PRON-	be	locate	also	govern	what	-PRON-	can	do	with	this	work	.		
1.f.4	.		
nearly	all	the	individual	work	in	the	collection	be	in	the	public	domain	in	the	united	states	.		
despite	these	effort	,	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	,	and	the	medium	on	which	-PRON-	may	be	store	,	may	contain	"	defect	,	"	such	as	,	but	not	limit	to	,	incomplete	,	inaccurate	or	corrupt	datum	,	transcription	error	,	a	copyright	or	other	intellectual	property	infringement	,	a	defective	or	damaged	disk	or	other	medium	,	a	computer	virus	,	or	computer	code	that	damage	or	can	not	be	read	by	-PRON-	equipment	.		
1.e.7	.		
-PRON-	must	require	such	a	user	to	return	or	     	destroy	all	copy	of	the	work	possess	in	a	physical	medium	     	and	discontinue	all	use	of	and	all	access	to	other	copy	of	     	project	gutenbergtm	work	.		
-PRON-	draw	a	bead	and	fire	.		
1.e.8	.		
-PRON-	may	be	modify	and	print	and	give	awayyou	may	do	practically	anything	with	public	domain	ebooks	.		
-PRON-	may	use	this	ebook	for	nearly	any	purpose	such	as	creation	of	derivative	work	,	report	,	performance	and	research	.		
you	agree	that	you	have	no	remedy	for	negligence	,	strict	liability	,	breach	of	warranty	or	breach	of	contract	except	those	provide	in	paragraph	f3	.		
create	the	work	from	public	domain	print	edition	mean	that	no	one	own	a	united	states	copyright	in	these	work	,	so	the	foundation	(	and	-PRON-	!	)		
copyright	law	in	most	country	be	in	a	constant	state	of	change	.		
there	be	a	lot	of	thing	-PRON-	can	do	with	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	if	-PRON-	follow	the	term	of	this	agreement	and	help	preserve	free	future	access	to	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	.		
-PRON-	shudder	at	the	sound	and	sight	of	the	alien	lying	there	.		
1.f.2	.		
a	strange	blue	sun	give	light	and	the	gravity	,	twice	what	-PRON-	be	use	to	,	make	every	movement	difficult	.		
additional	term	will	be	link	to	the	project	gutenbergtm	license	for	all	work	post	with	the	permission	of	the	copyright	holder	find	at	the	beginning	of	this	work	.		
contribution	to	the	project	gutenberg	literary	archive	foundation	be	tax	deductible	to	the	full	extent	permit	by	u.s.	federal	law	and	-PRON-	state	's	law	.		
if	an	individual	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	be	derive	from	the	public	domain	(	do	not	contain	a	notice	indicate	that	-PRON-	be	post	with	permission	of	the	copyright	holder	)	,	the	work	can	be	copy	and	distribute	to	anyone	in	the	united	states	without	pay	any	fee	or	charge	.		
ask	one	of	-PRON-	colleague	.		
by	read	or	use	any	part	of	this	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	,	-PRON-	indicate	that	-PRON-	have	read	,	understand	,	agree	to	and	accept	all	the	term	of	this	license	and	intellectual	property	(	trademark	/	copyright	)	agreement	.		
the	cube	vanish	from	-PRON-	hand	.		
very	well	,	-PRON-	shall	not	...	"	there	be	no	paradox	at	all	.		
1.c.		
now	,	planet	by	bitter	planet	,	-PRON-	be	be	fight	out	.		
you	agree	that	the	foundation	,	the	trademark	owner	,	and	any	distributor	under	this	agreement	will	not	be	liable	to	you	for	actual	,	direct	,	indirect	,	consequential	,	punitive	or	incidental	damage	even	if	you	give	notice	of	the	possibility	of	such	damage	.		
1.f.5	.		
project	gutenberg	volunteer	and	employee	expend	considerable	effort	to	identify	,	do	copyright	research	on	,	transcribe	and	proofread	public	domain	work	in	create	the	project	gutenbergtm	collection	.		
the	project	gutenberg	literary	archive	foundation	(	"	the	foundation	"	or	pglaf	)	,	own	a	compilation	copyright	in	the	collection	of	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	.		
the	person	or	entity	that	provide	-PRON-	with	the	defective	work	may	elect	to	provide	a	replacement	copy	in	lieu	of	a	refund	.		
extensive	research	do	not	uncover	any	evidence	that	the	u.s.	    	copyright	on	this	publication	be	renew	.		
but	in	ten	of	thousand	of	year	this	part	of	war	have	not	change	.		
if	-PRON-	pay	a	fee	for	obtain	a	copy	of	or	access	to	a	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	and	-PRON-	do	not	agree	to	be	bind	by	the	term	of	this	agreement	,	-PRON-	may	obtain	a	refund	from	the	person	or	entity	to	whom	-PRON-	pay	the	fee	as	set	forth	in	paragraph	1.e.8	.		
-PRON-	business	office	be	locate	at	809	north	1500	west	,	salt	lake	city	,	ut	84116	,	(	801	)	5961887	,	email	business@pglaf.org	.		
"	-PRON-	will	,	as	-PRON-	hand	approach	,	vanish	from	the	platform	and	appear	in	-PRON-	hand	to	be	place	there	.		
the	invalidity	or	unenforceability	of	any	provision	of	this	agreement	shall	not	void	the	remain	provision	.		
if	an	individual	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	be	post	with	the	permission	of	the	copyright	holder	,	-PRON-	use	and	distribution	must	comply	with	both	paragraph	1.e.1	through	1.e.7	and	any	additional	term	impose	by	the	copyright	holder	.		
such	repulsive	creature	-PRON-	be	,	with	only	two	arm	and	two	leg	,	ghastly	white	skin	and	no	scale	.		
"	-PRON-	be	six	minute	before	three	o'clock	.		
in	2001	,	the	project	gutenberg	literary	archive	foundation	be	create	to	provide	a	secure	and	permanent	future	for	project	gutenbergtm	and	future	generation	.		
any	alternate	format	must	include	the	full	project	gutenbergtm	license	as	specify	in	paragraph	1.e.1	.		
if	-PRON-	do	not	agree	to	abide	by	all	the	term	of	this	agreement	,	-PRON-	must	cease	use	and	return	or	destroy	all	copy	of	project	gutenbergtm	electronic	work	in	-PRON-	possession	.		
see	paragraph	1.c	below	.		
information	about	the	mission	of	project	gutenbergtm	project	gutenbergtm	be	synonymous	with	the	free	distribution	of	electronic	work	in	format	readable	by	the	wide	variety	of	computer	include	obsolete	,	old	,	middleaged	and	new	computer	.		
 	-PRON-	comply	with	all	other	term	of	this	agreement	for	free	     	distribution	of	project	gutenbergtm	work	.		
