and	at	that	,	think	a	host	of	evil	thing	to	be	upon	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	cry	out	to	the	bo'sun	and	the	man	to	awake	.		
and	at	that	,	the	bo'sun	cry	out	suddenly	that	-PRON-	know	;	though	of	what	-PRON-	be	that	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	have	at	that	time	no	knowledge	.		
thus	-PRON-	hear	a	sound	which	have	escape	-PRON-	in	the	noise	of	the	growling	without	the	vessel	,	and	the	interest	of	the	reading	.		
this	,	when	-PRON-	bring	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	bid	-PRON-	heat	in	the	fire	,	and	afterwards	beat	out	straight	at	one	end	,	and	when	this	be	do	,	-PRON-	set	-PRON-	to	burn	hole	with	-PRON-	through	the	keel	of	the	boat	,	at	such	place	as	-PRON-	have	mark	,	these	be	for	the	bolt	with	which	-PRON-	have	determine	to	fasten	on	the	batten	.		
have	now	complete	a	sufficiency	of	the	line	,	the	bo'sun	set	one	of	the	man	to	flake	-PRON-	down	very	carefully	upon	the	rock	beside	the	bow	,	whilst	-PRON-	-PRON-	test	-PRON-	at	all	such	part	as	-PRON-	think	in	any	way	doubtful	,	and	so	,	presently	,	all	be	ready	.		
-PRON-	look	now	to	where	the	brown	thing	have	be	,	for	the	boat	have	move	a	few	fathom	from	the	spot	,	have	get	some	way	upon	-PRON-	before	the	oar	be	snatch	,	and	thus	-PRON-	discover	that	the	monster	have	disappear	,	have	,	-PRON-	conceive	,	sink	again	into	the	depth	from	which	-PRON-	have	rise	;	yet	-PRON-	may	reappear	at	any	moment	,	and	in	that	case	the	boy	would	be	take	before	-PRON-	eye	.		
and	after	the	tent	be	up	,	-PRON-	set	-PRON-	to	carry	the	dry	weed	to	the	new	camp	,	and	at	this	-PRON-	keep	-PRON-	until	near	dusk	;	for	-PRON-	have	vow	never	again	to	be	without	a	sufficiency	of	fuel	.		
and	then	-PRON-	have	the	steeringoar	by	the	middle	,	and	be	smite	downward	with	the	loom	over	the	side	of	the	boat	;	but	the	thing	be	go	from	-PRON-	sight	.		
at	that	,	-PRON-	wave	-PRON-	hand	to	-PRON-	in	friendly	fashion	,	and	-PRON-	wave	back	,	and	then	,	even	as	-PRON-	look	,	-PRON-	see	something	in	the	water	under	the	boatsometh	dark	color	that	be	all	of	amove	.		
to	this	end	,	the	bo'sun	send	two	of	the	man	across	the	island	to	gather	some	of	the	dry	seaweed	;	for	-PRON-	intend	to	cook	some	of	the	salt	meat	,	this	be	the	first	cook	meal	since	end	the	meat	which	-PRON-	have	boil	before	leave	the	ship	in	the	creek	.		
and	so	-PRON-	settle	down	to	pass	the	time	ere	-PRON-	should	be	allow	to	sleep	;	but	first	-PRON-	ask	the	man	whom	-PRON-	have	relieve	,	how	long	a	time	have	pass	since	moonrise	;	to	which	-PRON-	reply	that	-PRON-	be	no	more	than	the	half	of	an	hour	,	and	after	that	-PRON-	question	whether	-PRON-	have	see	aught	strange	amid	the	weed	during	-PRON-	time	at	the	oar	;	but	-PRON-	have	see	nothing	,	except	that	once	-PRON-	have	fancy	a	light	have	show	in	the	midst	of	the	waste	;	yet	-PRON-	could	have	be	naught	save	a	humor	of	the	imagination	;	though	apart	from	this	,	-PRON-	have	hear	a	strange	cry	a	little	after	midnight	,	and	twice	there	have	be	great	splash	among	the	weed	.		
at	that	,	the	bo'sun	seize	an	oar	,	and	-PRON-	do	likewise	,	and	,	so	swiftly	as	-PRON-	dare	,	for	fear	of	make	any	unneedful	noise	,	-PRON-	pull	the	boat	to	a	safe	distance	.		
and	so	,	in	a	little	,	be	now	most	comfortably	armed	,	-PRON-	make	inland	towards	the	nearer	black	hill	,	in	very	good	spirit	.		
at	this	meal	,	as	may	be	suppose	,	-PRON-	have	a	second	discussion	upon	the	strangeness	of	the	behavior	of	those	aboard	the	hulk	;	yet	none	could	give	any	more	reasonable	explanation	than	the	bo'sun	have	give	in	the	morning	,	and	so	-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	at	that	.		
as	each	huge	sea	come	towards	-PRON-	,	the	boat	shoot	up	to	meet	-PRON-	,	right	up	to	-PRON-	very	crest	,	and	there	,	for	the	space	of	some	instant	,	-PRON-	would	seem	to	be	swamp	in	a	very	ocean	of	foam	,	boil	up	on	each	side	of	the	boat	to	the	height	of	many	foot	.		
at	this	sight	,	some	of	the	man	cry	out	-PRON-	astonishment	,	and	then	-PRON-	see	that	there	have	come	a	number	of	man	into	the	lookout	place	in	the	top	of	the	superstructure	,	and	,	immediately	,	-PRON-	open	a	very	brisk	fire	upon	the	creature	,	and	so	,	by	one	and	two	-PRON-	fall	back	into	the	weed	,	and	after	that	,	the	man	in	the	hulk	resume	-PRON-	heaving	,	and	so	,	in	a	while	,	have	the	rope	some	foot	clear	of	the	surface	.		
but	first	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	all	back	to	the	beach	to	give	a	hand	to	turn	over	the	boat	,	so	that	-PRON-	may	get	to	the	damage	part	.		
here	,	whilst	some	stretch	the	canvas	,	nail	-PRON-	low	edge	to	the	gunnel	,	other	be	employ	in	lash	together	the	oar	and	the	mast	,	and	to	this	bundle	-PRON-	secure	a	considerable	length	of	new	threeandahalfinch	hemp	rope	,	which	-PRON-	have	bring	away	from	the	hulk	along	with	the	canvas	.		
the	bo'sun	be	the	first	man	to	reach	the	bottom	of	the	cleft	,	and	-PRON-	set	off	immediately	round	the	base	of	the	rock	to	the	beach	,	the	rest	of	-PRON-	follow	-PRON-	as	-PRON-	make	safe	-PRON-	footing	in	the	valley	.		
now	the	bo'sun	,	so	soon	as	-PRON-	see	the	thing	,	run	forward	to	the	brow	of	the	hill	and	,	place	-PRON-	hand	to	-PRON-	mouth	after	the	fashion	of	a	trumpet	,	sing	out	to	the	boy	to	bring	the	boat	to	the	shore	and	make	fast	the	painter	to	a	large	piece	of	rock	.		
here	,	-PRON-	pace	up	and	down	awhile	,	smoking	and	meditating	.		
now	since	the	creature	have	so	nearly	capture	the	bo'sun	,	-PRON-	have	cease	to	tug	at	the	boat	,	and	lie	silent	,	with	-PRON-	tentacle	spread	all	about	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	great	eye	appear	just	over	the	stern	,	so	that	-PRON-	present	an	appearance	of	watch	-PRON-	movement	;	though	-PRON-	doubt	if	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	with	any	clearness	;	for	-PRON-	must	have	be	daze	with	the	brightness	of	the	sunshine	.		
when	these	be	upset	upon	the	rock	,	-PRON-	be	confound	to	perceive	the	length	and	thickness	of	some	of	-PRON-	;	and	could	only	conceive	that	this	particular	fish	must	be	a	very	desperate	enemy	to	-PRON-	,	and	able	successfully	to	attack	monster	of	a	bulk	infinitely	great	than	-PRON-	own	.		
and	so	through	the	afternoon	-PRON-	sit	about	upon	the	crest	of	the	hill	overlook	the	hulk	,	and	thrice	have	-PRON-	in	the	ship	to	heave	upon	the	big	rope	,	and	by	evening	-PRON-	have	make	near	thirty	fathom	towards	the	island	,	the	which	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	in	reply	to	a	query	which	the	bo'sun	desire	-PRON-	to	send	-PRON-	,	several	message	have	pass	between	-PRON-	in	the	course	of	the	afternoon	,	so	that	-PRON-	have	the	carrier	upon	-PRON-	side	.		
from	now	until	the	dawn	,	the	bo'sun	remain	awake	with	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	talk	much	upon	that	which	-PRON-	have	see	;	yet	could	come	to	no	satisfactory	conclusion	;	for	-PRON-	seem	impossible	to	-PRON-	that	a	place	of	so	much	desolation	could	contain	any	live	being	.		
and	so	,	at	last	,	be	weary	with	watch	,	-PRON-	make	-PRON-	up	together	to	shout	when	the	bo'sun	should	give	-PRON-	the	signal	,	by	this	mean	make	a	good	volume	of	sound	which	-PRON-	conceive	the	wind	may	carry	down	to	the	vessel	.		
and	so	-PRON-	get	at	last	a	very	substantial	little	spell	of	sleep	,	which	make	-PRON-	fit	enough	for	the	day	's	work	.		
now	the	stumbling	of	the	man	over	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	awakening	,	and	the	discovery	that	-PRON-	face	and	throat	be	beslim	,	be	but	the	happening	of	some	few	,	short	instant	;	and	then	-PRON-	be	upon	-PRON-	foot	,	and	follow	-PRON-	round	to	the	fire	;	for	-PRON-	have	a	sense	of	chilliness	and	a	great	desire	not	to	be	alone	.		
and	so	-PRON-	face	outward	,	look	to	see	if	any	vile	face	show	above	the	edge	before	-PRON-	,	or	to	-PRON-	right	or	leave	.		
yet	,	as	-PRON-	be	,	-PRON-	suffer	a	mighty	peril	;	for	the	brute	that	have	-PRON-	foot	,	put	a	vast	strain	upon	-PRON-	,	try	to	pull	-PRON-	down	;	but	-PRON-	resist	,	use	-PRON-	hand	and	seat	to	sustain	-PRON-	,	and	so	,	discover	that	-PRON-	could	not	compass	-PRON-	end	in	this	wise	,	-PRON-	slack	somewhat	of	the	stress	,	and	bit	at	-PRON-	boot	,	shear	through	the	hard	leather	,	and	nigh	destroy	-PRON-	small	toe	;	but	now	,	be	no	longer	compel	to	use	both	hand	to	retain	-PRON-	position	,	-PRON-	slash	down	with	great	fury	,	be	madden	by	the	pain	and	the	mortal	fear	which	the	creature	have	put	upon	-PRON-	;	yet	-PRON-	be	not	immediately	free	of	the	brute	;	for	-PRON-	catch	-PRON-	sword	blade	;	but	-PRON-	snatch	-PRON-	away	before	-PRON-	could	take	a	proper	hold	,	mayhap	cut	-PRON-	feeler	somewhat	thereby	;	though	of	this	-PRON-	can	not	be	sure	,	for	-PRON-	seem	not	to	grip	around	a	thing	,	but	to	suck	to	-PRON-	;	then	,	in	a	moment	,	by	a	lucky	blow	,	-PRON-	maim	-PRON-	,	so	that	-PRON-	loose	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	be	able	to	get	back	into	some	condition	of	security	.		
but	now	,	doubtless	because	of	the	weight	of	the	line	,	-PRON-	make	nowhere	near	so	good	a	flight	as	on	the	previous	occasion	,	the	arrow	strike	the	weed	some	two	hundred	yard	short	of	the	hulk	,	and	at	this	,	-PRON-	could	near	have	weep	with	vexation	and	disappointment	.		
now	,	in	about	two	hour	,	-PRON-	have	make	-PRON-	arrow	,	the	bo'sun	have	finish	-PRON-	a	little	earlier	,	and	so	(	the	man	have	haul	in	all	the	line	and	flake	-PRON-	down	ready	)	-PRON-	prepare	to	make	another	attempt	to	cast	-PRON-	over	the	hulk	.		
and	so	,	presently	,	-PRON-	go	to	breakfast	,	eat	heartily	;	-PRON-	night	of	wakefulness	have	give	-PRON-	mighty	appetite	;	but	,	for	all	that	,	-PRON-	be	so	engross	by	the	mystery	of	the	lonesome	craft	,	that	-PRON-	doubt	if	any	of	-PRON-	know	what	manner	of	food	-PRON-	be	with	which	-PRON-	fill	-PRON-	belly	.		
at	that	,	-PRON-	cry	out	that	-PRON-	do	not	know	,	and	,	presently	,	be	somewhat	calm	,	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	of	the	thing	that	-PRON-	have	see	;	but	even	as	-PRON-	tell	of	-PRON-	,	there	seem	to	be	no	truth	in	-PRON-	,	so	that	-PRON-	be	all	at	a	loss	to	know	whether	-PRON-	have	fall	asleep	,	or	that	-PRON-	have	indeed	see	a	devil	.		
for	some	minute	-PRON-	wait	to	make	sure	that	the	monster	have	indeed	go	,	and	after	that	,	-PRON-	hasten	to	the	boat	,	and	draw	-PRON-	up	so	far	as	-PRON-	be	able	;	after	which	-PRON-	unload	the	heavy	of	-PRON-	content	,	and	so	be	able	to	get	-PRON-	right	clear	of	the	water	.		
presently	,	the	bo'sun	call	out	to	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	have	get	the	surface	of	the	stock	sufficiently	smooth	and	nice	;	and	at	that	-PRON-	go	over	to	-PRON-	;	for	now	-PRON-	wish	-PRON-	to	burn	a	slight	groove	down	the	center	,	run	from	end	to	end	,	and	this	-PRON-	desire	to	be	do	very	exactly	;	for	upon	-PRON-	depend	much	of	the	true	flight	of	the	arrow	.		
and	so	,	presently	,	be	determine	to	give	way	to	no	fancifulness	,	-PRON-	avoid	the	boundary	of	cliff	,	and	keep	more	to	that	part	which	command	the	slope	,	up	and	down	which	-PRON-	make	-PRON-	journey	to	and	from	the	island	below	.		
but	first	,	before	-PRON-	leave	the	camp	,	the	bo'sun	give	-PRON-	all	a	very	sound	tot	of	the	rum	,	and	also	a	biscuit	apiece	,	and	thereafter	-PRON-	hast	down	,	each	man	hold	-PRON-	weapon	readily	.		
and	so	-PRON-	may	be	see	how	very	great	and	genuine	be	-PRON-	exaltation	upon	-PRON-	discovery	of	these	poor	people	shut	off	from	the	world	within	that	lonesome	craft	.		
-PRON-	could	see	-PRON-	but	dimly	,	catch	odd	glimpse	of	-PRON-	as	the	surface	of	the	water	smooth	at	while	.		
but	the	bo'sun	turn	upon	-PRON-	with	a	very	great	anger	;	for	in	throw	-PRON-	weapon	,	the	man	have	leave	-PRON-	without	,	and	thus	bring	danger	to	the	whole	;	yet	,	as	will	be	remember	,	-PRON-	have	do	likewise	but	a	little	since	.		
and	beyond	this	,	-PRON-	could	make	out	but	little	,	because	of	the	distance	;	though	the	sun	,	which	be	upon	-PRON-	larboard	side	,	give	-PRON-	some	sight	of	-PRON-	hull	,	but	not	much	,	because	of	the	weed	in	which	-PRON-	be	deeply	embed	;	yet	-PRON-	seem	to	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	side	be	very	weatherworn	,	and	in	one	place	some	glisten	brown	object	,	which	may	have	be	a	fungus	,	catch	the	ray	of	the	sun	,	send	off	a	wet	sheen	.		
this	find	,	-PRON-	point	out	to	the	bo'sun	,	remark	that	-PRON-	may	prove	of	use	for	firing	;	but	-PRON-	smile	at	-PRON-	,	tell	-PRON-	that	the	dry	weed	would	make	a	very	abundant	fire	,	and	this	without	go	to	the	labor	of	cut	the	mast	into	suitable	log	.		
anon	,	-PRON-	would	stare	out	across	the	immensity	of	the	vast	continent	of	weed	and	slime	that	stretch	-PRON-	incredible	desolation	out	beyond	the	darkening	horizon	,	and	there	would	come	the	thought	to	-PRON-	of	the	terror	of	man	whose	vessel	have	be	entangle	among	-PRON-	strange	growth	,	and	so	-PRON-	thought	come	to	the	lone	derelict	that	lie	out	there	in	the	dusk	,	and	-PRON-	fall	to	wonder	what	have	be	the	end	of	-PRON-	people	,	and	at	that	-PRON-	grow	yet	more	solemn	in	-PRON-	heart	.		
and	then	-PRON-	be	in	the	great	creek	up	which	-PRON-	have	come	,	and	so	,	in	a	little	,	-PRON-	be	night	.		
and	this	-PRON-	do	,	though	all	in	a	disconsolate	condition	of	mind	;	for	-PRON-	have	seem	so	near	to	success	,	and	now	-PRON-	appear	to	be	further	than	ever	from	-PRON-	.		
further	than	this	,	-PRON-	explain	that	-PRON-	would	tend	the	rope	during	the	night	,	so	that	the	strain	would	be	keep	up	,	and	,	more	,	this	would	keep	the	rope	off	the	weed	.		
now	,	a	while	before	the	dawn	,	-PRON-	discover	,	for	the	second	time	since	-PRON-	have	be	upon	the	island	,	that	-PRON-	fuel	could	not	last	-PRON-	the	night	at	the	rate	at	which	-PRON-	be	compel	to	burn	-PRON-	,	and	so	the	bo'sun	tell	the	man	to	let	out	every	second	fire	,	and	thus	-PRON-	stave	off	for	a	while	the	time	when	-PRON-	should	have	to	face	a	spell	of	darkness	,	and	the	thing	which	,	at	present	,	the	fire	hold	off	from	-PRON-	.		
thus	-PRON-	each	of	-PRON-	star	down	upon	a	most	unearthly	sight	;	for	the	valley	all	beneath	-PRON-	be	aswarm	with	move	creature	,	white	and	unwholesome	in	the	moonlight	,	and	-PRON-	movement	be	somewhat	like	the	movement	of	monstrous	slug	,	though	the	thing	-PRON-	have	no	resemblance	to	such	in	-PRON-	contour	;	but	mind	-PRON-	of	naked	human	,	very	fleshy	and	crawl	upon	-PRON-	stomach	;	yet	-PRON-	movement	lack	not	a	surprising	rapidity	.		
by	the	time	-PRON-	have	race	up	to	the	man	,	the	one	who	have	stumble	be	again	upon	-PRON-	foot	,	and	turn	to	assist	-PRON-	comrade	;	but	the	bo'sun	snatch	-PRON-	spear	from	-PRON-	,	and	leap	forward	-PRON-	;	for	the	crab	be	make	now	at	the	other	man	.		
then	,	have	make	an	end	of	writing	,	-PRON-	bid	two	of	the	man	take	hold	of	the	canvas	by	the	end	and	expose	-PRON-	to	the	view	of	those	in	the	ship	,	and	in	this	manner	-PRON-	get	-PRON-	to	understand	-PRON-	desire	.		
-PRON-	be	a	little	before	the	evening	come	down	upon	the	island	,	that	the	bo'sun	cease	work	;	and	,	after	that	,	-PRON-	call	to	the	man	,	who	,	have	make	an	end	of	-PRON-	fuel	carrying	,	be	stand	near	,	to	place	the	full	breakerswhich	-PRON-	have	not	think	needful	to	carry	to	the	new	camp	on	account	of	-PRON-	weightunder	the	upturned	boat	,	some	hold	up	the	gunnel	whilst	the	other	push	-PRON-	under	.		
now	,	the	man	,	so	soon	as	-PRON-	perceive	-PRON-	intention	,	applaud	-PRON-	very	heartily	,	desire	to	follow	;	but	the	bo'sun	bid	-PRON-	be	silent	,	and	,	after	that	,	-PRON-	lash	-PRON-	into	the	chair	,	with	-PRON-	own	hand	,	and	then	signal	to	those	in	the	ship	to	haul	upon	the	small	rope	;	-PRON-	,	in	the	meanwhile	,	check	-PRON-	descent	towards	the	weed	,	by	mean	of	-PRON-	end	of	the	haulingline	.		
presently	,	maybe	the	half	of	an	hour	afterwards	,	-PRON-	signal	to	-PRON-	to	haul	upon	-PRON-	line	,	which	-PRON-	proceed	to	do	without	delay	,	and	so	,	after	a	great	space	,	-PRON-	have	haul	in	all	of	-PRON-	rough	line	,	and	come	upon	the	end	of	-PRON-	,	which	prove	to	be	a	fine	piece	of	threeinch	hemp	,	new	and	very	good	;	yet	-PRON-	could	not	conceive	that	this	would	stand	the	stress	necessary	to	lift	so	great	a	length	clear	of	the	weed	,	as	would	be	needful	,	or	ever	-PRON-	could	hope	to	bring	the	people	of	the	ship	over	-PRON-	in	safety	.		
here	,	-PRON-	come	abruptly	upon	three	great	shape	move	with	stealthiness	towards	the	camp	,	and	,	behind	these	,	-PRON-	see	dimly	that	there	be	other	.		
in	the	end	,	-PRON-	make	a	very	fair	one	,	feather	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	own	leaf	,	and	true	and	smooth	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	knife	;	after	which	-PRON-	insert	a	small	bolt	in	the	forrard	end	,	to	act	as	a	head	,	and	,	as	-PRON-	conceive	,	give	-PRON-	balance	;	though	whether	-PRON-	be	right	in	this	latter	,	-PRON-	be	unable	to	say	.		
-PRON-	may	be	conceive	with	truth	that	the	above	happening	have	put	a	very	considerable	strain	upon	-PRON-	nerve	,	so	that	-PRON-	look	to	and	fro	continually	,	with	ever	and	anon	a	quick	glance	behind	-PRON-	;	for	-PRON-	seem	to	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	may	expect	some	demoniac	creature	to	rush	upon	-PRON-	at	any	moment	.		
and	,	indeed	,	-PRON-	be	speedily	evident	that	the	boat	would	need	some	attention	;	for	the	plank	in	-PRON-	bottom	next	but	one	to	the	keel	,	upon	the	starboard	side	,	have	be	burst	inward	;	this	have	be	do	,	-PRON-	would	seem	,	by	some	rock	in	the	beach	hide	just	beneath	the	water	's	edge	,	the	devilfish	having	,	no	doubt	,	ground	the	boat	down	upon	-PRON-	.		
so	soon	as	-PRON-	have	make	-PRON-	breakfast	,	the	bo'sun	take	-PRON-	all	down	to	the	carrying	of	fuel	;	for	-PRON-	see	very	clearly	that	upon	a	good	supply	of	this	depend	-PRON-	immunity	from	attack	.		
-PRON-	see	the	face	come	up	towards	-PRON-	,	and	one	misshapen	hand	flutter	almost	to	-PRON-	throat	,	and	there	come	a	sudden	,	hateful	reek	in	-PRON-	nostrilsfoul	and	abominable	.		
to	this	end	,	-PRON-	go	down	,	all	of	-PRON-	,	to	the	beach	where	lie	the	wreckage	,	and	,	get	about	the	portion	which	-PRON-	intend	to	use	,	carry	-PRON-	to	the	foot	of	the	hill	;	then	-PRON-	send	a	man	to	the	top	to	let	down	the	rope	by	which	-PRON-	have	moor	the	boat	to	the	sea	anchor	,	and	when	-PRON-	have	bend	this	on	securely	to	the	piece	of	timber	,	-PRON-	return	to	the	hilltop	,	and	tail	on	to	the	rope	,	and	so	,	presently	,	after	much	weariful	pulling	,	have	-PRON-	up	.		
presently	,	relieve	each	other	frequently	,	-PRON-	complete	the	second	cut	,	and	after	that	the	bo'sun	set	-PRON-	to	saw	a	block	about	twelve	inch	deep	from	the	remaining	portion	of	the	topmast	.		
in	this	wise	-PRON-	perceive	that	the	thing	which	have	attract	-PRON-	notice	be	the	dead	body	of	one	of	the	weed	man	.		
then	-PRON-	take	a	dozen	reed	and	cut	-PRON-	each	to	a	length	of	twentyfive	foot	,	and	afterwards	notch	-PRON-	for	the	string	.		
now	,	in	addition	to	the	matter	for	the	healing	of	-PRON-	wound	,	and	the	letter	,	-PRON-	have	include	a	bundle	of	paper	in	loose	sheet	,	some	quill	and	an	inkhorn	,	and	at	the	end	of	-PRON-	epistle	,	-PRON-	beg	very	earnestly	of	-PRON-	to	send	-PRON-	some	news	of	the	outer	world	;	for	-PRON-	have	be	shut	up	in	that	strange	continent	of	weed	for	something	over	seven	year	.		
and	at	that	,	-PRON-	run	towards	the	place	,	utter	a	shout	,	and	wave	-PRON-	cutandthrust	;	yet	-PRON-	find	nothing	,	and	so	,	feel	somewhat	foolish	,	-PRON-	turn	to	make	up	the	fire	,	as	have	be	-PRON-	intention	,	and	whilst	-PRON-	be	thus	busy	,	the	bo'sun	come	run	over	to	-PRON-	to	know	what	-PRON-	have	see	,	and	in	the	same	instant	there	run	three	of	the	man	out	of	the	tent	,	all	of	-PRON-	wake	by	-PRON-	sudden	cry	.		
upon	this	,	-PRON-	come	to	a	great	horror	of	the	weed	man	than	ever	;	for	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	now	to	be	foul	ghoul	who	could	not	let	even	the	dead	body	rest	in	the	grave	.		
now	hear	the	man	say	that	-PRON-	kite	would	fly	without	a	tail	,	-PRON-	be	mightily	curious	to	see	what	manner	of	thing	-PRON-	would	make	;	for	-PRON-	have	never	see	the	like	,	nor	hear	that	such	be	possible	.		
and	at	the	end	of	the	meal	-PRON-	serve	out	to	-PRON-	each	a	little	of	the	molass	,	which	-PRON-	mix	with	hot	water	,	and	drank	.		
then	,	when	-PRON-	have	make	an	end	of	dining	,	the	bo'sun	send	josh	,	with	four	of	the	man	,	up	stream	,	perchance	after	a	mile	or	two	the	water	should	prove	of	sufficient	freshness	to	meet	-PRON-	purpose	.		
this	do	-PRON-	,	and	make	out	presently	that	-PRON-	be	haul	something	across	the	weed	,	of	a	very	fair	bulk	,	at	which	-PRON-	warm	to	-PRON-	work	,	guess	that	-PRON-	be	the	bread	which	-PRON-	have	promise	-PRON-	,	and	so	-PRON-	prove	,	and	do	up	with	great	neatness	in	a	long	roll	of	tarpaulin	,	which	have	be	wrap	around	both	the	loaf	and	the	rope	,	and	lash	very	securely	at	the	end	,	thus	produce	a	taper	shape	convenient	for	pass	over	the	weed	without	catch	.		
at	this	,	-PRON-	throw	yet	more	fuel	upon	the	fire	,	and	after	that	-PRON-	fix	-PRON-	gaze	in	the	direction	of	the	valley	:	thus	in	the	follow	instant	-PRON-	seem	to	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	see	a	certain	thing	,	as	-PRON-	may	be	a	shadow	,	move	on	the	outer	border	of	the	firelight	.		
and	so	-PRON-	come	back	to	the	fire	,	and	presently	,	-PRON-	not	be	-PRON-	time	to	watch	until	after	midnight	,	-PRON-	turn	into	the	tent	for	a	spell	of	sleep	,	have	first	arrange	a	comfortable	spread	of	some	of	the	soft	portion	of	the	dry	weed	to	make	-PRON-	a	bed	.		
and	whilst	-PRON-	be	still	ponder	the	matter	-PRON-	raise	-PRON-	,	and	take	a	look	on	all	side	of	-PRON-	,	and	so	-PRON-	discover	that	there	lie	another	great	bank	upon	-PRON-	larboard	side	,	and	this	-PRON-	point	out	to	-PRON-	.		
when	the	fire	have	be	get	go	,	-PRON-	put	on	the	boiler	,	and	treat	the	great	crab	as	-PRON-	have	already	mention	,	and	so	fellto	upon	a	very	hearty	supper	;	but	,	as	-PRON-	eat	,	each	man	have	-PRON-	weapon	stick	in	the	sand	beside	-PRON-	;	for	-PRON-	have	knowledge	that	the	valley	hold	some	devilish	thing	,	or	maybe	many	;	though	the	knowing	do	not	spoil	-PRON-	appetite	.		
with	these	-PRON-	return	once	more	to	the	camp	,	and	there	-PRON-	setto	and	trim	-PRON-	of	-PRON-	leaf	,	keep	these	latter	,	for	-PRON-	have	a	use	for	-PRON-	.		
now	though	the	ground	be	very	soft	,	there	be	in	-PRON-	so	much	of	springiness	that	-PRON-	leave	no	trace	of	-PRON-	step	after	-PRON-	have	go	on	a	little	way	,	none	,	that	is	,	save	that	in	odd	place	,	a	wet	patch	follow	upon	-PRON-	treading	.		
but	-PRON-	seem	too	good	a	thing	to	have	come	true	,	and	yet	-PRON-	could	but	hope	.		
vii	the	island	in	the	weed	-PRON-	be	as	-PRON-	be	all	discuss	the	matter	of	the	devil	face	that	have	peer	up	at	-PRON-	out	of	the	water	,	that	job	,	the	ordinary	seaman	,	discover	the	island	in	the	light	of	the	grow	dawn	,	and	,	see	-PRON-	,	spring	to	-PRON-	foot	,	with	so	loud	a	cry	that	-PRON-	be	like	for	the	moment	to	have	think	-PRON-	have	see	a	second	demon	.		
now	the	bo'sun	head	one	party	,	and	set	the	big	seaman	over	the	other	,	bid	all	to	keep	-PRON-	weapon	very	handy	.		
iv	the	two	face	of	the	remainder	of	that	night	,	-PRON-	have	but	a	confused	memory	.		
-PRON-	be	especially	anxious	for	haste	,	in	that	the	sun	have	come	out	again	;	for	-PRON-	be	fear	that	such	small	pool	as	-PRON-	should	find	would	be	speedily	dry	up	by	-PRON-	heat	.		
now	,	presently	,	-PRON-	make	-PRON-	dinner	,	and	after	that	for	the	rest	of	the	day	-PRON-	keep	very	steadily	to	-PRON-	plaiting	,	and	so	,	with	the	previous	day	's	work	,	have	near	two	hundred	fathom	complete	by	the	time	that	the	bo'sun	call	-PRON-	to	cease	and	come	to	supper	.		
-PRON-	would	tell	-PRON-	all	about	-PRON-	later	.		
a	queer	,	sicken	thrill	go	through	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	feel	all	the	man	about	-PRON-	,	stiffen	and	go	rigid	with	intensity	.		
"	by	the	time	that	this	be	do	,	the	policeman	have	unload	the	donkey	,	and	be	wait	,	look	about	-PRON-	,	curiously	.		
-PRON-	hear	-PRON-	call	something	in	reply	from	the	boudoir	and	then	-PRON-	have	strike	a	clump	of	a	dozen	or	so	match	and	be	hold	-PRON-	above	-PRON-	head	and	look	'	round	the	hall	.		
-PRON-	be	fight	with	all	-PRON-	strength	to	get	back	-PRON-	courage	.		
some	be	spill	;	but	,	because	of	-PRON-	suspicious	watchfulness	,	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	upright	and	back	within	the	vale	while	yet	some	of	the	water	remain	.		
-PRON-	ask	whether	everything	be	right	;	to	which	-PRON-	reply	yes	,	and	immediately	ask	-PRON-	whether	-PRON-	have	hear	the	gallop	,	so	that	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	have	hear	-PRON-	also	.		
then	-PRON-	go	up	to	-PRON-	mother	's	room	again	,	and	-PRON-	talk	the	thing	over	for	an	hour	or	more	,	and	in	the	end	come	to	the	conclusion	that	-PRON-	may	,	after	all	,	be	read	too	much	into	a	number	of	little	thing	;	but	,	-PRON-	know	,	inside	of	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	do	not	believe	this	.		
-PRON-	be	a	queer	idea	,	-PRON-	know	,	and	probably	be	not	-PRON-	own	,	but	come	to	-PRON-	from	the	outside	.		
-PRON-	picture	to	-PRON-	the	whole	affairbellett	,	up	at	the	chancel	gate	,	go	for	the	prayer	book	,	and	absolutely	alone	;	and	then	the	blow	,	out	of	the	void	,	-PRON-	describe	-PRON-	;	and	the	force	prodigiousthe	old	man	be	drive	headlong	into	the	body	of	the	chapel	.		
all	the	covering	's	be	be	draw	steadily	off	,	with	a	hateful	,	stealthy	sort	of	motion	.		
and	immediately	afterward	the	clungk	,	clunkclungk	,	clunk	of	mighty	hoof	come	down	the	passage	toward	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	know	-PRON-	be	only	sheer	will	power	that	carry	-PRON-	up	to	the	door	and	make	-PRON-	turn	the	key	.		
but	,	as	-PRON-	have	say	,	-PRON-	find	nothing	.		
each	of	these	girl	grow	up	to	maidenhood	and	each	become	engaged	,	and	each	one	die	during	the	period	of	engagement	,	two	by	suicide	,	one	by	fall	from	a	window	,	one	from	a	'	broken	heart	'	(	presumably	heart	failure	,	owe	to	sudden	shock	through	fright	)	.		
"	-PRON-	have	hang	a	'	protection	belt	'	of	garlic	'	round	-PRON-	neck	,	and	the	smell	of	-PRON-	seem	to	fill	the	corridor	and	give	-PRON-	assurance	;	for	,	as	-PRON-	all	know	,	-PRON-	be	a	wonderful	'	protection	'	against	the	more	usual	aeiirii	form	of	semimaterialization	,	by	which	-PRON-	suppose	the	whistle	may	be	produce	;	though	,	at	that	period	of	-PRON-	investigation	,	-PRON-	be	quite	prepared	to	find	-PRON-	due	to	some	perfectly	natural	because	;	for	-PRON-	be	astonish	the	enormous	number	of	case	that	prove	to	have	nothing	abnormal	in	-PRON-	.		
a	little	way	off	,	there	show	high	up	in	the	gloom	,	the	vaguely	shin	outline	of	the	other	fork	,	so	-PRON-	know	the	inspector	have	-PRON-	raise	in	-PRON-	hand	,	ready	.		
-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	may	,	very	possibly	,	have	snap	,	through	-PRON-	have	tension	-PRON-	too	highly	;	but	then	,	again	,	-PRON-	may	have	be	break	by	something	else	.		
then	-PRON-	have	a	cup	of	coffee	and	go	off	to	-PRON-	room	,	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	be	feel	awfully	tired	.		
another	big	hand	come	into	view	,	and	wipe	the	water	from	the	eye	,	which	blink	rapidly	,	and	then	fix	-PRON-	into	a	stare	at	the	light	.		
this	be	the	whole	story	;	so	-PRON-	give	-PRON-	to	understand	.		
"	this	be	,	suppose	-PRON-	take	the	suggestion	of	the	sigsand	ms	.	,	to	account	for	the	phenomenon	.	"		
in	less	than	a	minute	-PRON-	hear	-PRON-	quite	close	to	-PRON-	in	the	darkness	and	-PRON-	start	run	.		
"	in	the	course	of	-PRON-	talk	,	captain	tobias	offer	to	take	the	house	off	-PRON-	hand	;	and	as	this	suit	-PRON-	perfectly	,	for	-PRON-	be	about	stall	with	-PRON-	,	and	the	plan	also	suit	the	landlord	,	-PRON-	be	decide	that	no	step	should	be	take	against	-PRON-	;	and	that	the	whole	business	should	be	hush	up	.		
"	-PRON-	take	the	dark	slide	into	burtontree	,	also	the	cake	of	soap	with	the	impress	.		
"	at	last	,	when	the	dawn	be	strong	and	bright	,	-PRON-	take	one	last	look	'	round	,	and	run	for	the	door	.		
be	not	-PRON-	!	'		
"	'	that	be	that	bless	ghost	!	'		
not	one	of	-PRON-	ever	willingly	miss	,	for	after	a	thoroughly	sensible	little	dinner	carnacki	would	snuggle	down	into	-PRON-	big	armchair	,	light	-PRON-	pipe	,	and	wait	whilst	-PRON-	arrange	-PRON-	comfortably	in	-PRON-	accustomed	seat	and	nook	.		
"	'	-PRON-	be	all	carry	gun	,	'	say	the	boy	;	and	slap	-PRON-	coat	pocket	.		
if	-PRON-	have	not	hear	those	last	sound	and	if	parsket	have	not	show	that	enormous	sense	of	fear	the	whole	of	this	case	could	be	explain	in	the	way	in	which	-PRON-	have	show	.		
the	landlord	and	-PRON-	lock	up	the	house	,	and	go	over	to	-PRON-	place	for	a	sleep	.		
some	invisible	thing	be	meddle	with	-PRON-	.		
"	after	lunch	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	would	take	a	few	experimental	photograph	of	miss	hisgins	and	-PRON-	surrounding	.		
and	-PRON-	know	,	-PRON-	have	run	-PRON-	bang	into	that	danger	.		
in	the	same	moment	parsket	pitch	forward	out	of	the	doorway	on	to	-PRON-	face	.		
in	the	same	moment	of	time	,	the	whistling	have	burst	into	a	mad	scream	note	,	that	seem	to	stun	-PRON-	,	even	where	-PRON-	stand	,	outside	of	the	window	.		
-PRON-	say	in	friendly	fashion	,	use	the	recognize	formula	.		
-PRON-	be	glad	,	for	-PRON-	want	the	house	to	settle	as	soon	as	possible	.		
of	course	,	that	must	have	be	fancy	.		
-PRON-	glance	once	at	wentworth	.		
-PRON-	say	nothing	about	the	smell	,	which	be	not	very	distinct	;	but	tell	-PRON-	that	the	thing	happen	twice	have	make	-PRON-	a	bit	nervous	,	and	possibly	fanciful	,	and	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	would	take	a	look	'	round	,	just	to	feel	satisfied	.		
the	fire	be	big	and	cheerful	,	and	the	candle	before	the	two	row	of	door	,	burn	steadily	,	as	well	as	the	solitary	one	in	the	corner	.		
"	as	johnstone	come	up	to	the	door	,	the	policeman	make	a	motion	of	salute	,	and	say	something	in	a	low	voice	;	and	something	in	the	tone	make	-PRON-	flick	-PRON-	light	across	-PRON-	.		
'	-PRON-	can	not	understand	-PRON-	,	unless	-PRON-	have	really	be	walk	about	in	-PRON-	sleep	.	'		
-PRON-	have	get	a	lamp	from	a	bracket	in	the	upper	hall	which	-PRON-	be	hold	in	the	crook	of	-PRON-	damage	arm	,	so	that	-PRON-	have	a	good	light	.		
"	'	-PRON-	gun	,	'	-PRON-	say	to	the	landlord	,	and	-PRON-	bring	-PRON-	from	the	front	hall	,	and	pass	-PRON-	over	to	the	inspector	,	who	take	-PRON-	and	eject	the	empty	shell	from	the	right	barrel	.		
-PRON-	stand	up	and	steady	-PRON-	,	though	-PRON-	be	not	very	steady	-PRON-	.		
anyway	,	whether	-PRON-	be	natural	,	or	abnatural	,	there	be	a	great	deal	yet	to	be	clear	up	.		
-PRON-	guess	that	a	man	who	may	get	into	the	'	light	'	of	those	particular	man	,	would	be	likely	to	come	to	quite	as	uncomfortable	an	ending	.		
"	-PRON-	all	crowd	into	the	front	cellar	,	flash	-PRON-	light	to	and	fro	.		
do	not	ask	-PRON-	who	make	the	well	entrance	or	the	little	stairway	;	for	-PRON-	do	not	know	.		
-PRON-	be	make	conscious	of	-PRON-	,	rather	by	some	inward	,	unused	sense	than	by	either	sight	or	sound	;	for	the	pale	,	shortradius	glare	of	the	pentacle	give	but	a	very	poor	light	for	see	by	.		
then	-PRON-	return	to	the	castle	.		
and	in	an	instant	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	into	the	passage	.		
-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	have	make	-PRON-	feel	almost	safe	for	the	first	time	for	day	.		
then:'you	feel	there	be	something	wrong	?	'		
and	-PRON-	be	always	on	the	market	again	,	after	a	trial	.		
and	-PRON-	be	generally	plain	that	the	lady	of	the	house	be	in	a	tremendous	fluster	.		
then	,	by	compass	,	-PRON-	lay	-PRON-	leg	to	the	eight	chief	point	,	and	afterward	-PRON-	draw	a	circle	with	chalk	around	-PRON-	;	and	opposite	to	-PRON-	foot	,	-PRON-	make	the	eight	sign	of	the	saaamaaa	ritual	.		
-PRON-	have	a	certainty	of	something	impend	:	as	-PRON-	may	be	the	impression	of	an	invisible	,	but	overwhelming	,	presence	.		
'	sound	a	bit	silly	,	superstitious	,	-PRON-	know	;	but	when	-PRON-	be	meddle	with	this	sort	of	thing	,	-PRON-	have	get	to	take	notice	of	queer	fancy	,	and	risk	be	laugh	at	.	'		
the	bedclothe	have	be	throw	with	such	savageness	!		
"	well	,	of	course	-PRON-	be	impossible	to	be	sure	,	one	way	or	the	other	.		
"	when	-PRON-	have	finish	-PRON-	look	'	round	,	-PRON-	go	down	to	the	village	,	mean	to	see	the	onetime	agent	of	the	estate	,	and	arrange	for	someone	to	go	in	as	caretaker	.		
-PRON-	do	so	,	and	hear	-PRON-	wire	ring	on	metal	.		
then	the	door	be	try	,	and	directly	afterward	there	come	a	thunderous	knocking	,	which	tell	-PRON-	a	policeman	have	hear	the	shot	.		
-PRON-	can	put	-PRON-	no	other	way	.		
and	-PRON-	have	describe	the	stupendous	force	of	the	blow	as	be	'	like	the	kick	of	a	great	horse	.	'		
and	directly	afterward:'what	on	earth	make	-PRON-	hustle	-PRON-	all	out	like	that	,	carnacki	?	'		
"	-PRON-	star	in	a	bewildered	way	'	round	the	cellar	;	there	be	thin	line	of	vague	fire	cross	the	floor	in	all	direction	;	and	suddenly	-PRON-	remember	the	piano	wire	that	the	landlord	and	-PRON-	have	stretch	.		
both	beaumont	and	-PRON-	give	back	a	pace	or	two	,	and	then	realize	and	hang	on	to	-PRON-	courage	,	as	-PRON-	may	say	,	and	wait	.		
-PRON-	be	no	use	tell	anything	to	wentworth	and	the	police	,	until	-PRON-	be	certain	;	and	,	also	,	-PRON-	believe	that	-PRON-	stand	a	great	chance	to	succeed	by	-PRON-	;	though	,	for	that	matter	,	-PRON-	do	not	suppose	anything	would	have	take	-PRON-	up	to	the	manor	again	that	night	.		
-PRON-	have	wait	a	long	time	.		
-PRON-	remember	now	,	that	the	idea	of	that	insensate	thing	become	animate	,	and	attack	-PRON-	,	do	not	occur	to	-PRON-	with	any	sense	of	possibility	or	reality	.		
"	as	-PRON-	will	remember	,	-PRON-	be	a	captain	tobias	who	have	be	the	previous	tenant	;	and	this	be	the	very	man	,	who	have	appear	from	the	well	.		
afterward	,	-PRON-	find	that	the	incident	be	wellknown	about	the	countryside	;	but	always	regard	more	as	a	legend	than	as	history	.		
"	meanwhile	,	-PRON-	have	give	the	man	from	the	well	a	stiff	tot	of	whisky	;	for	which	-PRON-	thank	-PRON-	with	a	cheerful	nod	,	and	have	empty	the	glass	at	a	draft	,	hold	-PRON-	hand	for	the	bottle	,	which	-PRON-	finish	,	as	if	-PRON-	have	be	so	much	water	.		
"	suddenly	,	-PRON-	see	that	the	great	fire	be	blacken	.		
yet	,	later	,	-PRON-	would	persuade	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	have	be	get	fanciful	.		
-PRON-	be	,	-PRON-	know	,	as	if	-PRON-	know	.		
when	-PRON-	have	do	this	-PRON-	lock	up	the	chapel	and	hand	the	key	to	sir	alfred	jarnock	,	have	first	take	an	impression	in	soap	.		
"	there	may	be	other	house	"	-PRON-	begin	.		
and	-PRON-	eat	and	drink	,	there	as	-PRON-	stand	wait	for	the	garment	to	come	to	dryness	;	and	-PRON-	walk	about	a	little	,	as	-PRON-	eat	;	for	-PRON-	be	restless	to	be	into	mine	armour	swiftly	.		
and	,	indeed	,	-PRON-	be	content	;	save	that	an	anxiousness	of	the	heart	do	stir	-PRON-	this	time	and	that	,	lest	some	monster	should	come	upon	-PRON-	.		
now	,	-PRON-	perceive	-PRON-	should	be	smash	in	a	moment	,	if	that	-PRON-	do	not	slay	the	man	very	quick	.		
and	-PRON-	to	mind	how	-PRON-	do	be	also	in	the	loveday	;	and	so	to	have	nice	understanding	of	-PRON-	naturalness	and	human	pride	.		
and	oft	do	-PRON-	call	to	naani	;	and	always	-PRON-	send	the	masterword	beat	through	the	night	,	that	-PRON-	may	have	assurance	that	-PRON-	be	indeed	-PRON-	that	do	speak	unto	-PRON-	spirit	,	and	no	foul	thing	or	monster	,	spell	evil	and	lie	unto	-PRON-	.		
and	four	time	do	monstrous	creature	pass	by	-PRON-	;	but	-PRON-	be	swift	hid	,	and	come	to	no	harm	.		
and	,	in	truth	,	-PRON-	put	up	-PRON-	lip	to	-PRON-	,	very	sudden	,	and	with	a	strange	naughtiness	,	that	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	own	way	with	-PRON-	to	tempt	-PRON-	from	mine	anger	,	that	yet	-PRON-	do	half	to	like	.		
and	when	-PRON-	do	be	somewhere	nigh	upon	the	fourth	hour	,	-PRON-	come	out	of	the	thick	steam	;	and	the	piping	and	the	roaring	to	be	to	-PRON-	rearward	;	and	soon	the	steam	to	be	go	thin	,	as	but	a	mist	,	and	the	noise	to	be	very	farseeming	;	and	presently	-PRON-	to	be	come	clear	out	into	the	air	of	that	country	.		
and	,	as	may	be	think	,	all	this	considering	of	-PRON-	trouble	,	and	the	giving	of	-PRON-	strength	unto	naani	through	the	night	of	the	world	,	that	-PRON-	may	have	comfort	and	help	,	do	work	upon	-PRON-	;	so	that	-PRON-	grow	thin	,	plainly	to	the	eye	of	those	that	love	-PRON-	.		
and	surely	-PRON-	be	a	mighty	and	brutish	thing	,	and	so	broad	and	bulkt	as	an	ox	,	and	the	low	arm	be	huge	and	greatly	haired	,	and	the	finger	of	the	hand	do	have	the	nail	grow	into	horrid	talon	,	as	that	-PRON-	should	grip	very	bitter	.		
then	-PRON-	fixt	a	stone	into	the	end	of	the	strap	,	and	buckle	-PRON-	there	,	and	after	that	,	-PRON-	cast	the	stone	before	-PRON-	,	as	-PRON-	go	upon	-PRON-	hand	and	knee	;	and	-PRON-	do	hold	to	the	hither	end	of	the	strap	,	and	so	be	abl	to	have	something	of	knowledge	whether	there	lie	any	great	deepness	immediately	before	-PRON-	,	and	thiswise	to	strive	that	-PRON-	fall	not	down	some	monstrous	cliff	in	the	night	.		
and	,	save	that	-PRON-	be	bitter	cold	there	do	no	harm	come	to	-PRON-	.		
moreover	,	ere	any	have	power	to	leave	the	pyramid	,	-PRON-	must	pass	the	examination	,	and	be	prepared	;	and	some	of	this	have	-PRON-	set	out	already	.		
and	-PRON-	make	pause	in	the	darkness	,	and	have	the	maid	very	gentle	by	the	arm	,	that	-PRON-	should	look	with	-PRON-	.		
and	-PRON-	cry	out	something	in	an	utter	broke	voice	,	and	run	unto	-PRON-	,	and	thrust	-PRON-	two	small	hand	into	-PRON-	charge	and	keeping	,	and	fall	thence	into	a	great	sobbing	and	shake	,	so	that	-PRON-	be	all	in	trouble	to	ease	-PRON-	;	but	do	keep	a	silence	and	hold	fast	-PRON-	hand	,	for	-PRON-	have	not	on	mine	armoured	glove	.		
and	-PRON-	wot	that	whilst	-PRON-	mother	weep	,	easeless	,	-PRON-	father	'	heart	swell	within	-PRON-	,	and	hold	somewhat	of	-PRON-	pain	away	from	-PRON-	for	a	time	.		
and	-PRON-	make	no	foolishness	in	this	matter	;	yet	tell	-PRON-	to	ease	the	cloak	a	little	about	-PRON-	,	so	that	-PRON-	should	have	room	to	take	the	diskos	from	-PRON-	hip	;	and	this	thing	-PRON-	do	,	and	take	the	diskos	to	-PRON-	breast	,	as	be	-PRON-	habit	;	and	surely	-PRON-	see	that	-PRON-	eye	do	look	at	-PRON-	with	a	little	shining	,	because	that	-PRON-	have	so	strange	and	fierce	a	bedmate	.		
and	-PRON-	to	laugh	,	all	tender	;	for	-PRON-	love	-PRON-	so	utter	,	as	-PRON-	do	know	;	and	-PRON-	to	tell	-PRON-	,	as	-PRON-	sure	likewise	to	have	tell	-PRON-	maid	,	that	-PRON-	want	a	pocket	sufficient	,	that	-PRON-	may	have	-PRON-	therein	alway	anigh	to	-PRON-	heart	;	and	this	thing	-PRON-	to	say	to	-PRON-	,	as	a	man	that	doth	love	,	shall	say	-PRON-	;	and	-PRON-	to	know	the	way	of	-PRON-	so	well	as	i.		
and	by	that	time	,	-PRON-	be	come	anigh	to	the	glowing	of	light	;	and	do	keep	now	a	strong	caution	to	-PRON-	going	;	for	truly	,	as	-PRON-	do	know	from	the	telling	of	the	maid	,	there	be	very	horrid	and	dreadful	power	in	that	land	,	and	-PRON-	do	well	to	remember	that	-PRON-	be	come	again	to	part	where	may	be	the	destruction	of	the	spirit	.		
and	surely	-PRON-	could	see	naught	,	and	do	judge	,	as	-PRON-	have	writ	,	that	-PRON-	likewise	go	blindly	.		
yet	,	truly	,	-PRON-	be	not	wishful	to	lack	the	love	of	-PRON-	way	,	as	-PRON-	may	think	.		
and	truly	-PRON-	do	seem	a	very	land	of	fire	and	water	.		
and	as	-PRON-	do	begin	to	return	,	-PRON-	be	to	-PRON-	as	that	all	-PRON-	sens	be	newly	awake	;	for	-PRON-	have	a	sudden	know	that	-PRON-	be	within	the	atmosphere	,	should	-PRON-	not	call	-PRON-	,	of	the	monster	.		
and	yet	,	as	-PRON-	shall	believe	,	even	as	-PRON-	say	this	thing	to	-PRON-	mind	,	that	the	strange	matter	upon	the	top	of	the	rock	be	truly	one	of	the	olden	airship	,	-PRON-	do	feel	that	-PRON-	should	be	proper	to	doubt	;	for	-PRON-	be	a	very	wondrous	thing	to	perceive	a	thing	common	to	man	,	in	that	utter	strange	country	,	and	after	that	-PRON-	be	go	so	far	off	from	the	mighty	pyramid	.		
as	-PRON-	do	leave	the	hollow	,	-PRON-	lookt	upward	unto	the	holy	light	;	and	behold	-PRON-	be	go	from	-PRON-	,	and	by	this	thing	-PRON-	suppose	that	-PRON-	have	come	free	of	instant	danger	;	but	yet	do	there	be	to	-PRON-	a	seeming	of	nakedness	and	unprotection	,	as	-PRON-	must	perceive	.		
and	this	thinking	to	be	because	-PRON-	do	be	so	uplift	,	as	-PRON-	have	tell	;	yet	truly	,	the	diskos	do	be	a	strange	and	wondrous	thing	,	and	do	be	alway	think	to	have	an	oneness	with	the	man	that	do	use	-PRON-	.		
for	the	shining	do	seem	as	that	-PRON-	come	up	from	out	of	a	valley	,	as	that	there	burn	a	deep	light	in	such	a	place	;	but	yet	be	-PRON-	all	unsure	,	and	have	no	proper	know	whether	indeed	there	do	be	any	valley	there	,	but	only	a	strange	and	luminous	shining	that	do	come	upward	from	the	earth	.		
now	,	as	-PRON-	set	the	maid	again	comfortable	,	-PRON-	seem	to	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	be	something	tender	;	and	sudden	-PRON-	come	to	-PRON-	that	mayhap	the	armour	to	be	very	hard	and	painful	unto	-PRON-	;	and	-PRON-	to	ask	this	thing	of	-PRON-	,	in	a	moment	;	and	-PRON-	to	see	that	-PRON-	would	not	be	put	off	;	and	so	to	tell	-PRON-	.		
now	-PRON-	walk	six	hour	,	and	do	stop	a	little	to	eat	and	drink	,	and	go	on	again	.		
yet	,	-PRON-	doubt	not	but	that	-PRON-	do	keep	-PRON-	soul	sweet	and	wholesome	and	no	useful	thing	to	the	powers	of	evil	of	the	land	.		
and	the	yellow	beastman	grunt	upon	the	ground	;	and	-PRON-	rise	up	again	to	come	at	-PRON-	;	and	-PRON-	stand	and	do	grunt	,	and	do	seem	as	that	-PRON-	be	go	maz	;	for	-PRON-	do	make	other	sound	,	and	an	horrid	screech	,	so	that	truly	,	by	the	way	of	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	conceive	that	-PRON-	cry	out	unknown	and	halfshapen	word	at	-PRON-	.		
and	this	be	but	a	little	thing	to	set	to	the	telling	;	yet	may	-PRON-	give	something	of	the	newness	of	all	;	and	,	moreover	,	shall	-PRON-	have	memory	with	-PRON-	in	this	place	,	how	that	oft	have	-PRON-	see	thing	and	beastmonsters	peer	over	that	same	little	tube	of	light	,	-PRON-	face	come	forward	out	of	the	night	.		
and	in	the	same	instant	,	-PRON-	do	go	to	the	right	with	a	strong	bounding	;	and	immediately	do	come	in	upon	the	humpt	man	from	that	side	;	and	-PRON-	put	-PRON-	fortune	of	life	to	the	stroke	,	and	stand	anigh	to	the	man	,	and	-PRON-	smote	-PRON-	across	the	middle	part	,	before	that	-PRON-	do	wot	of	-PRON-	intent	.		
and	so	-PRON-	to	look	ever	backward	through	dim	ages	;	and	surely	-PRON-	gat	presently	from	jest	,	unto	solemnness	;	and	the	maid	to	be	nigh	again	unto	tear	.		
and	there	have	be	for	gain	,	only	failure	,	and	the	sorrow	of	mothers	,	and	the	loneliness	of	wife	,	and	of	kin	.		
and	there	be	monstrous	wart	upon	the	thing	,	and	indent	and	a	mighty	ruggedness	and	lumping	;	as	-PRON-	be	that	-PRON-	do	be	pimpl	with	great	boulder	that	be	inbreed	within	that	monstrous	hide	.		
and	this	do	put	always	upon	-PRON-	a	new	wonder	and	unease	.		
now	-PRON-	see	that	the	small	river	do	go	onward	,	and	do	make	a	breach	across	the	road	where	the	silent	one	walk	;	and	-PRON-	determine	in	-PRON-	heart	that	-PRON-	should	leave	the	water	,	which	be	now	grow	nigh	to	a	bitter	cold	,	in	that	-PRON-	be	so	long	upon	the	face	of	the	land	.		
yet	,	even	here	-PRON-	cease	not	to	make	the	road	;	but	take	-PRON-	around	,	and	a	mighty	way	unto	the	north	;	pass	-PRON-	among	strange	fire	and	pits	that	burn	from	out	of	the	earth	.		
and	so	-PRON-	come	at	the	last	to	a	time	when	-PRON-	have	walk	through	fourandtwenty	weariful	hour	;	and	be	eager	that	-PRON-	should	come	to	a	safe	place	for	-PRON-	sleep	;	yet	do	lack	a	happy	belief	of	safety	,	in	that	-PRON-	have	come	twice	anigh	to	so	grim	trouble	;	and	unsure	-PRON-	be	that	-PRON-	do	not	be	secretly	pursue	in	the	night	.		
but	in	the	valley	someway	,	-PRON-	have	feeling	of	assurance	that	-PRON-	must	be	;	for	-PRON-	be	plain	that	the	telling	of	the	book	be	sound	in	-PRON-	bottom	sense	;	as	may	be	see	;	for	how	should	any	live	in	the	utter	bleak	and	deadly	chill	of	the	silent	upper	world	that	lie	an	hundred	mile	up	in	the	night	,	hide	and	lose	for	ever	.		
and	in	all	that	dreadful	time	,	since	that	-PRON-	have	come	to	be	quite	alone	,	-PRON-	have	hear	a	score	drear	thing	;	for	there	have	be	once	the	slaying	of	a	young	maid	nigh	unto	-PRON-	,	by	some	brute	out	in	the	darkness	of	the	land	;	and	thrice	and	more	have	-PRON-	hear	the	foot	of	people	run	this	way	and	that	,	and	the	tread	of	giant	pursue	.		
and	-PRON-	to	be	very	shallow	,	and	seem	as	that	the	water	scarce	to	cover	the	mud	of	the	bottom	.		
and	immediately	-PRON-	do	begin	to	run	downward	,	and	with	sore	stumbling	in	this	place	and	that	;	but	not	to	halt	-PRON-	;	for	-PRON-	do	be	so	mad	as	two	child	for	the	gladsome	light	.		
and	after	that	-PRON-	have	see	to	this	matter	,	-PRON-	return	unto	the	firehole	,	and	make	a	comfortable	place	in	the	sand	,	for	-PRON-	rest	;	for	-PRON-	be	well	dry	by	this	.		
and	afterward	,	-PRON-	climb	to	the	topmost	of	the	cave	,	and	tell	-PRON-	own	the	while	that	-PRON-	walk	up	and	down	a	little	;	so	that	-PRON-	come	to	a	full	awakedness	;	and	this	-PRON-	be	careful	to	,	because	that	-PRON-	should	have	a	need	of	all	-PRON-	power	that	-PRON-	come	safe	upward	unto	the	cave	.		
but	that	something	be	always	nigh	unto	-PRON-	in	the	dark	,	-PRON-	do	truly	believe	;	yet	have	-PRON-	no	know	that	-PRON-	be	evil	;	for	-PRON-	harm	not	-PRON-	.		
but	yet	do	-PRON-	to	use	-PRON-	reason	also	,	and	to	know	that	the	stink	may	be	from	some	monster	that	-PRON-	be	come	nigh	to	in	the	darkness	of	that	place	;	and	-PRON-	whisper	this	unto	the	maid	,	and	-PRON-	to	say	,	very	husht	,	that	-PRON-	may	be	so	;	but	to	have	no	belief	;	and	-PRON-	to	be	likewise	,	as	-PRON-	do	see	.		
and	-PRON-	go	then	for	two	good	hour	,	and	alway	-PRON-	do	hearten	the	maid	,	and	-PRON-	to	go	very	husht	and	trustful	by	-PRON-	;	but	truly	-PRON-	do	be	in	an	anguish	of	heart	,	because	that	-PRON-	be	newly	aware	that	there	do	be	such	great	and	dreadful	serpent	in	that	part	of	the	gorge	,	as	-PRON-	do	also	know	.		
and	a	great	trouble	begin	to	take	-PRON-	;	for	,	indeed	,	naani	have	not	tell	-PRON-	how	great	be	the	sea	;	and	-PRON-	may	be	that	-PRON-	should	wander	a	weariful	age	across	-PRON-	,	before	that	-PRON-	come	to	the	far	side	.		
yet	,	when	-PRON-	do	come	even	unto	the	firehole	,	then	do	come	again	all	about	-PRON-	heart	the	truth	of	those	danger	that	have	seem	,	but	a	while	go	,	so	little	.		
and	because	that	-PRON-	do	be	so	wearied	,	-PRON-	say	unto	naani	that	-PRON-	find	a	place	for	-PRON-	slumber	,	and	-PRON-	very	willing	,	as	-PRON-	have	show	,	and	to	counsel	-PRON-	likewise	.		
and	-PRON-	still	to	have	no	speech	with	-PRON-	;	but	in	a	little	to	begin	that	-PRON-	sing	in	a	low	voice	;	and	to	have	-PRON-	pretty	body	very	upright	and	lithesome	,	and	to	go	forward	with	a	wondrous	dainty	swing	,	so	that	-PRON-	heart	tell	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	do	all	be	stir	with	small	thrilling	of	defiance	unto	-PRON-	,	and	with	thrilling	of	love	;	and	-PRON-	to	have	the	triumph	of	-PRON-	maidenhood	and	of	-PRON-	womanhood	,	as	-PRON-	be	both	to	contend	in	-PRON-	and	to	thrill	upon	-PRON-	tongue	,	and	to	show	out	the	lilting	and	pretty	warfare	of	-PRON-	spirit	that	do	go	dancing	and	dearly	naughty	in	-PRON-	breast	.		
and	this	thing	-PRON-	do	pray	-PRON-	to	think	upon	,	that	-PRON-	understand	;	for	,	indeed	,	until	that	-PRON-	be	make	to	think	,	-PRON-	have	not	see	-PRON-	thiswise	,	for	-PRON-	.		
and	-PRON-	walk	to	and	fore	and	move	mine	arm	,	that	-PRON-	be	ease	somewhat	of	the	stiffness	and	ache	;	but	surely	-PRON-	do	seem	that	many	hour	must	go	ere	-PRON-	should	make	any	speed	of	travel	;	for	-PRON-	do	be	all	clumsy	and	slow	and	nigh	to	groan	with	the	pain	of	go	and	aught	that	-PRON-	do	.		
but	the	truth	of	-PRON-	own	case	lie	,	maybe	,	somewhere	between	.		
and	,	in	verity	,	if	naani	answer	not	to	the	word	,	but	there	come	instead	an	evil	power	to	destroy	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	should	but	cease	-PRON-	of	mine	utter	heartache	.		
should	-PRON-	not	find	-PRON-	to	shift	upon	-PRON-	vision	;	so	that	the	great	bear	and	this	and	that	shaping	of	the	star	clustering	,	should	make	a	new	order	,	as	-PRON-	do	wander	onwards	;	and	so	should	-PRON-	find	that	there	be	naught	that	be	truly	fix	,	as	-PRON-	do	before	then	think	;	but	all	to	alter	accord	unto	the	place	whence	the	look	!		
and	on	the	thirteenth	day	,	-PRON-	count	the	tablet	,	and	find	that	-PRON-	yet	to	have	sufficient	,	if	that	-PRON-	come	unto	the	mighty	pyramid	within	any	reasonable	time	.		
the	flame	would	leap	,	and	all	the	gorge	come	to	a	wondrous	brightness	,	and	-PRON-	figure	to	shorten	,	and	the	shadow	to	be	black	and	strong	.		
and	in	this	wise	must	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	:	-PRON-	be	at	the	seventeenth	hour	,	when	all	the	million	of	the	mighty	pyramid	sleep	,	that	-PRON-	be	with	the	master	monstruwacan	in	the	tower	of	observation	take	-PRON-	due	turn	.		
and	presently	,	-PRON-	do	sleep	;	but	would	have	-PRON-	to	be	nigh	to	-PRON-	,	even	though	-PRON-	do	be	wakeful	;	and	so	-PRON-	to	be	utter	content	together	.		
and	-PRON-	see	that	-PRON-	do	be	somewhat	alack	yet	that	-PRON-	touch	the	belt	,	because	that	-PRON-	have	whipt	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	.		
but	do	hear	nothing	.		
and	-PRON-	lookt	through	,	into	the	open	space	that	do	be	about	the	firehole	.		
and	sudden	,	as	-PRON-	lookt	at	mine	own	,	-PRON-	to	come	round	unto	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	hold	out	-PRON-	arm	,	and	do	gaze	at	-PRON-	with	such	a	love	,	as	that	-PRON-	be	transfigure	,	and	to	need	strangely	that	-PRON-	be	in	mine	arm	;	and	surely	,	-PRON-	to	an	holy	need	that	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	unto	-PRON-	,	because	that	,	after	all	,	there	do	be	no	wonder	so	great	as	that	wonder	,	that	when	all	do	be	say	-PRON-	do	have	mine	own	,	after	that	all	eternity	have	nigh	past	.		
and	,	-PRON-	shape	to	this	plan	that	naani	make	;	but	at	that	time	,	as	-PRON-	do	mind	,	-PRON-	be	somewhat	of	seventeen	hour	since	last	-PRON-	have	slumber	;	and	the	maid	be	sore	weary	,	as	-PRON-	do	see	.		
and	this	thing	be	plain	to	-PRON-	,	and	need	not	of	many	word	,	which	do	so	irk	-PRON-	.		
but	,	indeed	,	-PRON-	do	make	as	that	-PRON-	have	no	heed	that	the	maid	do	shape	-PRON-	hair	different	upon	-PRON-	head	.		
now	,	presently	,	as	-PRON-	walk	,	-PRON-	grow	something	faint	,	and	have	knowledge	that	-PRON-	do	foolishly	;	for	,	indeed	,	-PRON-	should	have	eat	after	-PRON-	fight	;	yet	may	-PRON-	be	forgive	for	this	forgetting	,	in	that	-PRON-	have	be	much	shake	and	put	about	.		
and	the	bruteman	catch	-PRON-	by	the	leg	,	to	rip	-PRON-	;	and	-PRON-	cut	quick	with	the	diskos	,	and	-PRON-	do	have	but	one	monstrous	talon	leave	unto	-PRON-	.		
and	when	that	the	maid	do	show	this	dear	and	pretty	anger	,	-PRON-	to	take	-PRON-	into	mine	arm	,	and	to	tell	-PRON-	how	-PRON-	do	reverence	and	love	-PRON-	,	and	that	-PRON-	do	be	all	beauty	unto	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	but	to	love	-PRON-	the	more	,	because	that	-PRON-	do	know	the	reason	for	-PRON-	dear	shaping	of	anger	unto	-PRON-	.		
and	the	master	watchman	be	angry	,	and	demand	why	that	none	have	call	by	the	instrument	of	the	watch	house	;	but	lo	!		
and	surely	,	the	maid	bring	-PRON-	from	-PRON-	dreaming	very	sensible	,	in	that	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	to	stand	;	and	-PRON-	be	go	about	-PRON-	very	swift	and	natty	with	-PRON-	pretty	finger	,	that	-PRON-	ease	-PRON-	of	mine	armour	.		
and	surely	-PRON-	do	wonder	whether	-PRON-	perceive	all	that	do	be	then	in	-PRON-	heart	.		
and	here	and	there	a	great	steam	do	come	from	-PRON-	,	and	spirting	and	moundingsup	of	the	mud	in	many	place	,	and	monstrous	babbling	and	puffingsup	of	strange	smoke	,	as	that	a	great	heat	go	beneath	-PRON-	in	this	place	and	in	that	.		
and	-PRON-	do	this	thing	,	and	go	upward	into	a	great	tree	,	and	do	tie	-PRON-	body	to	the	tree	,	with	-PRON-	belt	;	yet	-PRON-	eat	and	drink	before	that	-PRON-	go	up	the	tree	.		
and	afterward	up	again	into	the	land	,	and	then	to	have	an	utter	caution	that	-PRON-	escape	the	watching	of	the	giant	who	do	be	ever	about	the	great	red	firehole	.		
and	,	surely	-PRON-	have	presently	fail	in	wind	and	limb	,	because	of	the	leaping	and	charging	that	-PRON-	do	make	;	and	because	of	the	weight	of	the	armour	,	that	be	not	overmuch	,	yet	to	be	consider	;	but	that	-PRON-	faint	not	,	be	by	reason	of	the	wondrous	hardness	and	leanness	that	-PRON-	be	grow	to	,	with	so	constant	a	journeying	and	strait	living	;	for	the	tablet	do	keep	the	strength	in	a	man	,	though	,	truly	,	-PRON-	ease	not	the	yearning	of	the	belly	.		
yet	,	truly	,	be	not	-PRON-	journey	one	whole	thought	of	love	unto	naani	?		
and	after	a	long	while	,	-PRON-	do	leave	that	hill	of	watchfulness	to	-PRON-	rear	;	and	be	go	onward	into	the	night	;	yet	,	as	may	be	know	,	with	a	vague	unease	and	trouble	to	-PRON-	heart	,	and	a	swift	and	frequent	turning	to	learn	surely	that	no	evil	thing	come	after	-PRON-	.		
and	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	body	thus	between	the	evil	thing	and	the	maid	.		
but	to	the	most	peoples	of	the	pyramid	,	there	be	no	deep	conviction	nor	thought	of	any	great	hide	world	afar	in	the	darkness	.		
