Some of those white pavilions, which here and there gleam from among groves and vineyards, were rustic retreats of the Moors, to enjoy the refreshment of their gardens.		
As to the footsoldiers, many were killed, many were taken prisoners; the residue escaped to Alcala la Real.		
cried the astrologer, scornfully; "have I not the book of knowledge of Solomon the Wise, and through it the command of the secret treasures of the earth?		
With fear and trembling they descended a flight of steps cut into the rock.		
There was now no remedy; so the Moor and the watercarrier proceeded with the richlyladen donkey toward the city, nor could honest Peregil refrain from hugging and kissing his longeared fellowlabourer, thus restored to him from the clutches of the law; and, in fact, it is doubtful which gave the simplehearted little man most joy at the moment, the gaining of the treasure, or the recovery of the donkey.		
The prince was overjoyed to find the owl so deeply versed in topography, and now informed him, in confidence, of his tender passion and his intended elopement, urging him to be his companion and counsellor.		
The wrath of the monarch got the better of his discretion.		
13.		
The grand inquisitor was equally bent upon despatching a number of the familiars of the Holy Office.		
[Illustration: Tomb of St. Ferdinand, Seville.]   [Illustration] Repelled within the limits of the Pyrenees, the mixed hordes of Asia and Africa, that formed this great irruption, gave up the Moslem principle of conquest, and sought to establish in Spain a peaceful and permanent dominion.		
Nothing was found to be so efficacious in dispelling the royal megrims as the power of music; the queen took care, therefore, to have the best performers, both vocal and instrumental, at hand, and retained the famous Italian singer Farinelli about the court as a kind of royal physician.		
We shall all have to beg in the streets!"		
All the physicians present stared at each other with astonishment.		
I was one of the royal guards of Ferdinand and Isabella; but was taken prisoner by the Moors in one of their sorties, and confined a captive in this tower.		
The fortress, in fact, was a little town of itself, having several streets of houses within its walls, together with a Franciscan convent and a parochial church.		
Philip V., as is well known, was a miserable hypochondriac, and subject to all kinds of fancies.		
"And d'ye hear, child," said he to his demure handmaid, "tap at my door, and wake me before cockcrowing, that I may see to the matter myself."		
But the curse of heaven fell upon him for his presumption.		
Thy innocent hands alone, however, gifted as thou art also with the talisman, can remove the treasure.		
Mohamed the Lefthanded was seated one morning on a divan in a cool hall of the Alhambra, when a slave arrived from the fortress of Salobreña, with a message from the sage Kadiga, congratulating him on the anniversary of his daughters' birthday.		
A LADY OF ROME.		
The prince had supposed that he and the parrot, being both birds of learning, would delight in each other's society, but never had he been more mistaken.		
The good Tia had more reasonable objections.		
In my hoverings at night over the city I frequently remarked a light burning in a lonely tower.		
Peregil sat regarding the scroll for some time in moody silence.		
Aben Habuz approached him with a conciliatory tone.		
Through the ample and fretted arch of the portal I behold the Court of Lions, with brilliant sunshine gleaming along its colonnades and sparkling in its fountains.		
The person to whom he applied was the experienced duenna.		
The alcalde opened it with an eager and trembling hand; all pressed forward to gaze upon the treasure it was expected to contain; when, to their disappointment, nothing appeared within, but a parchment scroll, covered with Arabic characters, and an end of a waxen taper.		
I had no desire for further perambulation; but returned to my chamber with infinitely more alacrity than I had sallied forth, and drew my breath more freely when once more within its walls and the door bolted behind me.		
ARETHUSA.		
The spellbound gateway still exists entire, protected no doubt by the mystic hand and key, and now forms the Gate of Justice, the grand entrance to the fortress.		
The magician is since dead, but the raven still inhabits the tower, for these birds are of wonderful long life.		
A Story of a very Young Couple.		
It was in a tower somewhat apart from the main palace of the Alhambra, though connected with it by the wall which encircled the whole summit of the hill.		
33.		
If the good lady had any lingering doubts, they were removed when Jacinta touched the instrument, for she drew forth such ravishing tones as to thaw even the frigid bosom of the immaculate Fredegonda, that region of eternal winter, into a genial flow.		
The editor's own notes are judiciously sparing, but conspicuously to the point, and they are very discreetly separated from those of the author, Mr. Lang's laudable purpose being to illustrate and explain Scott, not to make the notes a pretext for displaying his own critical faculty and literary erudition.		
About three years had elapsed since Mohamed had beheld his daughters, and he could scarcely credit his eyes at the wonderful change which that small space of time had made in their appearance.		
According to some traditions, it bore the following Arabic inscription:      Calet el Bedici Aben Habuz,      Quidat ehahet Lindabuz. Which has been rendered into Spanish:      Dice el sabio Aben Habuz,      Que asi se defiende el Anduluz. And into English:      In this way, says Aben Habuz the Wise,      Andaluz guards against surprise.		
The watercarrier related the whole story of the dying Moor with the straightforward simplicity of truth, but it was all in vain.		
"Holy Virgin protect us!"		
GUY MANNERING.		
The windows of the apartment were thrown open; the glorious effulgence of Spanish sunshine burst into the late lugubrious chamber; all eyes sought the lovely enchantress, but the lute had fallen from her hand, she had sunk upon the earth, and the next moment was clasped to the bosom of Ruyz de Alarcon.		
Here, on an ottoman, sat an old man in Moorish dress, with a long white beard, nodding and dozing, with a staff in his hand, which seemed ever to be slipping from his grasp; while at a little distance sat a beautiful lady, in ancient Spanish dress, with a coronet all sparkling with diamonds, and her hair entwined with pearls, who was softly playing on a silver lyre.		
In the centre hung a gilt cage containing a singingbird; beneath it, on a chair, lay a tortoiseshell cat among reels of silk and other articles of female labour, and a guitar decorated with ribbons leaned against the fountain.		
His musical talent, his happy humour, his youth and his good looks, won him a universal welcome in spite of his ragged robes, and for several days he led a gay life in the old Moorish capital and its environs.		
The discreet Kadiga found them in this situation; they related what they had seen, and even the withered heart of the duenna was warmed.		
At last, in the rear of the army, between two black Moorish horsemen, rode the Grand Inquisitor of Granada, on a mule as white as snow.		
"Ah!		
cried the parrot, interrupting his solemn antiquarian rapture, "what have we to do with antiquities, and legends, and your ancestry?		
Let him boldly draw the sword and continue the good work begun by Pelazo of old, and victory will assuredly attend his banner.'"		
It continued on to the great Gate of Justice, which stood wide open; the old invalid sentinels on duty lay on the stone benches of the barbican, buried in profound and apparently charmed sleep, and the phantom pageant swept noiselessly by them with flaunting banner and triumphant state.		
These ideas are fostered and perpetuated by the descendants of the exiled Moors of Granada, scattered among the cities of Barbary.		
These were the only feathered associates with whom the prince had any opportunity of exercising his newly acquired language; the tower was too high for any other birds to frequent it.		
Humble was the cortège and melancholy the departure of El Rey Chico the Second!		
Then turning to Ahmed"O my prince," cried he, "shut thine ears to these seductive strains.		
On going into his cabinet he found his strong box open, the leather purse of the trooper abstracted and with it a couple of corpulent bags of doubloons.		
Behold all nature is in a revel of delight.		
"'What town is this?'		
"See how proudly he bears himself, as though all around him were his slaves!"		
When he told the story of his night's adventure, every one laughed at him; some said he had dreamed it all, as he dozed on his mule; others thought it all a fabrication of his own; but what was strange, Señor, and made people afterwards think more seriously of the matter, was, that the Grand Inquisitor died within the year.		
Both of the princes lost their lives.		
Here every one endeavoured to contribute to the general amusement, singing, improvising, telling wonderful tales, or dancing popular dances to that allpervading talisman of Spanish pleasure, the guitar.		
From the summit of one of those hills the unfortunate Boabdil cast back his last look upon Granada, and gave vent to the agony of his soul.		
Nor indeed is this comparison entirely accidental; for, to tell the truth, her fresh and dawning beauty had caught the public eye, even in her seclusion, and, with that poetical turn common to the people of Andalusia, the peasantry of the neighbourhood had given her the appellation of "the Rose of the Alhambra."		
In a word, he increased rapidly in wealth, to the admiration of all his neighbours, and became one of the richest men in Granada: he gave large sums to the Church, by way, no doubt, of satisfying his conscience, and never revealed the secret of the vault until on his deathbed to his son and heir."		
"Enough," said the prince, "I will have some private talk with this distinguished traveller."		
The zealous friar beheld these infidel treasures on the point of slipping forever out of his grasp, and determined to have one more dash at them for the benefit of the church and San Francisco.		
Aben Habuz hastened to his tower, but the magic table in that direction remained quiet: not a single warrior was in motion.		
Manuel, the nephew of Tia Antonia, Mateo, my officious but now disconsolate squire, and two or three old invalids of the Alhambra with whom I had grown into gossiping companionship, had come down to see me off; for it is one of the good old customs of Spain to sally forth several miles to meet a coming friend, and to accompany him as far on his departure.		
"One thing more is necessary," said he, "one trifling solace for the intervals of mental labour."		
The same star that had controlled the destiny of the prince had governed that of the princess, and until her seventeenth birthday she had been shut up from the world, to guard her from the tender passion.		
Travels in London: Letters to a Young Man about Town: and other Contributions to Punch (18451850).		
"A soldierhumpha footsoldier by your garb.		
It is needless to say with what eager curiosity he entered its gates and wandered through its streets, and gazed upon its oriental monuments.		
She went to him privately, and slipping a broad piece of gold into his hand, "Hussein Baba," said she, "my mistresses, the three princesses who are shut up in the tower, and in sad want of amusement; have heard of the musical talents of the three Spanish cavaliers, and are desirous of hearing a specimen of their skill.		
Crossing the bridge, the soldier led the way by a narrow and steep path past a Moorish mill and aqueduct, and up the ravine which separates the domains of the Generalife from those of the Alhambra.		
1.		
6.		
We swept up the Guadarama mountains, and down by the Escurial; and we skirted the walls of Madrid, and we scoured away across the plains of La Mancha.		
The princesses remained gazing until the prisoners were out of sight; then heaving longdrawn sighs, they turned round, looked at each other for a moment, and sat down, musing and pensive, on their ottomans.		
The lofty summit of the Sierra Nevada alone retained a lingering gleam of daylight; its snowy peaks glaring against the dark blue firmament, and seeming close to us, from the extreme purity of the atmosphere.		
Master Simon led the van, as "Ancient Christmas," quaintly apparelled in a ruff, a short cloak, which had very much the aspect of one of the old housekeeper's petticoats, and a hat that might have served for a village steeple, and must indubitably have figured in the days of the Covenanters.		
Or smell like to a meade newshorne,      Thus on the sudden?Come and see      The cause why things thus fragrant be.		
I was not mistaken; it was Frank Bracebridge, a sprightly, goodhumoured young fellow, with whom I had once travelled on the Continent.		
My father, you must know, is a bigoted devotee of the old school, and prides himself upon keeping up something of old English hospitality.		
* The worthy parson lived but with times past, and knew but a little of the present.		
His reasoning was cogent; and I must confess the preparation I had seen for universal festivity and social enjoyment had made me feel a little impatient of my loneliness.		
At one end an enormous pair of antlers were inserted in the wall, the branches serving as hooks on which to suspend hats, whips, and spurs; and in the corners of the apartment were fowlingpieces, fishingrods, and other sporting implements.		
But at the fall of the leaf, when his tail falleth, he will mourn and hide himself in corners, till his tail come again as it was."		
After the dinnertable was removed, the hall was given up to the younger members of the family, who, prompted to all kind of noisy mirth by the Oxonian and Master Simon, made its old walls ring with their merriment, as they played at romping games.		
The contents had been prepared by the Squire himself; for it was a beverage in the skilful mixture of which he particularly prided himself, alleging that it was too abstruse and complex for the comprehension of an ordinary servant.		
In deference, perhaps, to the notions of Mr. Bracebridge, he had made diligent investigations into the festive rites and holiday customs of former times; and had been as zealous in the inquiry as if he had been a boon companion; but it was merely with that plodding spirit with which men of adust temperament follow up any track of study, merely because it is denominated learning; indifferent to its intrinsic nature, whether it be the illustration of the wisdom, or of the ribaldry and obscenity of antiquity.		
One fine blueeyed girl of about thirteen, with her flaxen hair all in beautiful confusion, her frolic face in a glow, her frock half torn off her shoulders, a complete picture of a romp, was the chief tormentor; and from the slyness with which Master Simon avoided the smaller game, and hemmed this wild little nymph in corners, and obliged her to jump shrieking over chairs, I suspected the rogue of being not a whit more blinded than was convenient.		
"Then, Julia, let me woo thee,           Thus, thus to come unto me;             And when I shall meet             Thy silvery feet,           My soul I'll pour into thee."		
I was roused from this fit of luxurious meditation by a shout from my little travelling companions.		
He was an old bachelor of a small independent income, which by careful management was sufficient for all his wants.		
Frank assured me, however, that it was almost the only instance in which he had ever heard his father meddle with politics; and he believed that he had got this notion from a member of Parliament who once passed a few weeks with him.		
From these and other anecdotes that followed, the crusader appeared to be the favourite hero of ghost stories throughout the vicinity.		
This attack was commenced by the ladies; but it was continued throughout the dinner by the fatheaded old gentleman next the parson, with the persevering assiduity of a slowhound; being one of those longwinded jokers, who, though rather dull at starting game, are unrivalled for their talents in hunting it down.		
It seemed to be his great delight during supper to keep a young girl next him in a continual agony of stifled laughter, in spite of her awe of the reproving looks of her mother, who sat opposite.		
I was pleased, however, to see the respect shown to his whims by his children and relatives; who, indeed, entered readily into the full spirit of them, and seemed all well versed in their parts; having doubtless been present at many a rehearsal.		
I rose softly, slipped on my clothes, opened the door suddenly, and beheld one of the most beautiful little fairy groups that a painter could imagine.		
"Just in this nick the cook knock'd thrice,      And all the waiters in a trice        His summons did obey;      Each serving man, with dish in hand,      March'd boldly up, like our trainband,        Presented and away.		
During service, Master Simon stood up in the pew, and repeated the responses very audibly; evincing that kind of ceremonious devotion punctually observed by a gentleman of the old school, and a man of old family connections.		
Close adjoining was the porter's lodge, sheltered under dark firtrees, and almost buried in shrubbery.		
I looked after them with a feeling in which I do not know whether pleasure or melancholy predominated: for I was reminded of those days when, like them, I had neither known care nor sorrow, and a holiday was the summit of earthly felicity.		
.		
It was of spacious dimensions, hung round with copper and tin vessels, highly polished, and decorated here and there with a Christmas green.		
I was pleased to see the fondness with which the little fellows leaped about the steady old footman, and hugged the pointer, who wriggled his whole body for joy.		
I was informed by Frank Bracebridge that the parson had been a chum of his father's at Oxford, and had received this living shortly after the latter had come to his estate.		
It was, he observed, an unholy plant, profaned by having been used by the Druids in their mystic ceremonies; and though it might be innocently employed in the festive ornamenting of halls and kitchens, yet it had been deemed by the Fathers of the Church as unhallowed, and totally unfit for sacred purposes.		
As there were several good voices among the household, the effect was extremely pleasing; but I was particularly gratified by the exaltation of heart, and sudden sally of grateful feeling, with which the worthy Squire delivered one stanza: his eyes glistening, and his voice rambling out of all the bounds of time and tune:         "'Tis thou that crown'st my glittering hearth             With guiltlesse mirth,           And giv'st me wassaile bowles to drink,             Spiced to the brink:           Lord, 'tis Thy plentydropping hand,             That soiles my land;           And giv'st me for my bushell sowne,             Twice ten for one."		
I had not been seated many minutes by the comfortable hearth of the worthy cavalier before I found myself as much at home as if I had been one of the family.		
They had an oldfashioned look; having, for the most part, been brought up in the household, and grown into keeping with the antiquated mansion, and the humours of its lord; and most probably looked upon all his whimsical regulations as the established laws of honourable housekeeping.		
I moved forward to get a nearer view, when his eye caught mine.		
HERRICK.		
We had passed for some time along the wall of a park, and at length the chaise stopped at the gate.		
Everything conspired to produce kind and happy feelings in this stronghold of oldfashioned hospitality.		
I was a little at a loss to perceive the necessity of such a mighty array of forces to maintain a point which no one present seemed inclined to dispute; but I soon found that the good man had a legion of ideal adversaries to contend with; having, in the course of his researches on the subject of Christmas, got completely embroiled in the sectarian controversies of the Revolution, when the Puritans made such a fierce assault upon the ceremonies of the Church, and poor old Christmas was driven out of the land by proclamation of Parliament.		
He admired this fashion in gardening; it had an air of magnificence, was courtly and noble, and befitting good old family style.		
Master Simon covered himself with glory by the stateliness with which, as Ancient Christmas, he walked a minuet with the peerless, though giggling, Dame MincePie.		
And if not, are there not thousands of abler pens labouring for its improvement?It is so much pleasanter to please than to instructto play the companion rather than the preceptor.		
Notwithstanding the frostiness of the morning, the sun in his cloudless journey had acquired sufficient power to melt away the thin covering of snow from every southern declivity, and to bring out the living green which adorns an English landscape even in midwinter.		
Many of their faces had evidently originated in a Gothic age, and been merely copied by succeeding generations; and there was one little girl, in particular, of staid demeanour, with a high Roman nose, and an antique vinegar aspect, who was a great favourite of the Squire's, being, as he said, a Bracebridge all over, and the very counterpart of one of his ancestors who figured in the court of Henry VIII.		
The smith, with the horse's heel in his lap, pauses as the vehicle whirls by; the Cyclops round the anvil suspend their ringing hammers, and suffer the iron to grow cool; and the sooty spectre in brown paper cap, labouring at the bellows, leans on the handle for a moment, and permits the asthmatic engine to heave a longdrawn sigh, while he glares through the murky smoke and sulphureous gleams of the smithy.		
The sounds, as they receded, became more soft and aerial, and seemed to accord with quiet and moonlight.		
Such was the good Squire's project for mitigating public discontent; and, indeed, he had once attempted to put his doctrine in practice, and a few years before had kept open house during the holidays in the old style.		
The beauty of the day was of itself sufficient to inspire philanthropy.		
Why does the chilling winter's morne      Smile like a field beset with corn?		
It consisted of a boy and two girls, the eldest not more than six, and lovely as seraphs.		
They stopped before the hall door, where the music struck up a peculiar air, and the lads performed a curious and intricate dance, advancing, retreating, and striking their clubs together, keeping exact time to the music; while one, whimsically crowned with a fox's skin, the tail of which flaunted down his back, kept capering around the skirts of the dance, and rattling a Christmasbox with many antic gesticulations.		
The villagers doffed their hats to the Squire as he passed, giving him the good wishes of the season with every appearance of heartfelt sincerity, and were invited by him to the Hall, to take something to keep out the cold of the weather; and I heard blessings uttered by several of the poor, which convinced me that, in the midst of his enjoyments, the worthy old cavalier had not forgotten the true Christmas virtue of charity.		
Now all our neighbours' chimneys smoke,        And Christmas blocks are burning;      Their ovens they with bak't meats choke,        And all their spits are turning.		
In the evening we reached a village where I had determined to pass the night.		
As the moonlight fell strongly upon her, I had full view of a little primitive dame, dressed very much in the antique taste, with a neat kerchief and stomacher, and her silver hair peeping from under a cap of snowy whiteness.		
He is always a personage full of mighty care and business, but he is particularly so during this season, having so many commissions to execute in consequence of the great interchange of presents.		
From this venerable piece of furniture, with which his shadowy figure and dark weazen face so admirably accorded, he was dealing forth strange accounts of popular superstitions and legends of the surrounding country, with which he had become acquainted in the course of his antiquarian researches.		
It was inspiring to see wildeyed frolic and warmhearted hospitality breaking out from among the chills and glooms of winter, and old age throwing off his apathy, and catching once more the freshness of youthful enjoyment.		
The boar's head in hand bring I,         With garlands gay and rosemary.		
The dance, like most dances after supper, was a merry one; some of the older folks joined in it, and the Squire himself figured down several couples with a partner with whom he affirmed he had danced at every Christmas for nearly half a century.		
There is much antiquarian lore to be acquired; much knowledge of the physiognomies of former times.		
Ule!		
I feel a degree of filial reverence for them, as we look up to those who have cherished us in childhood.		
How he could trot!		
Fairies, weezels, rats, and ferrets:             From curfew time             To the next prime.		
I must own, by the by, I had strong doubts about the authenticity of painting and armour as having belonged to the crusader, they certainly having the stamp of more recent days; but I was told that the painting had been so considered time out of mind; and that as to the armour, it had been found in a lumber room, and elevated to its present situation by the Squire, who at once determined it to be the armour of the family hero; and as he was absolute authority on all such subjects to his own household, the matter had passed into current acceptation.		
The door suddenly flew open, and a train came trooping into the room, that might almost have been mistaken for the breaking up of the court of Fairy.		
I drew aside the curtains, to hear them more distinctly.		
The grate had been removed from the wide overwhelming fireplace, to make way for a fire of wood, in the midst of which was an enormous log glowing and blazing, and sending forth a vast volume of light and heat; this I understood was the Yulelog, which the Squire was particular in having brought in and illumined on a Christmas eve, according to ancient custom.		
"*      * Sir John Suckling.		
As the coach rattles through the village, every one runs to the window, and you have glances on every side of fresh country faces, and blooming, giggling girls.		
And here, perhaps, it may not be unacceptable to my untravelled readers to have a sketch that may serve as a general representation of this very numerous and important class of functionaries who have a dress, a manner, a language, an air, peculiar to themselves, and prevalent throughout the fraternity; so that, wherever an English stagecoachman may be seen, he cannot be mistaken for one of any other craft or mystery.		
His waistcoat is commonly of some bright colour, striped; and his smallclothes extend far below the knees, to meet a pair of jockey boots which reach about halfway up his legs.		
These all look up to him as to an oracle; treasure up his cant phrases; echo his opinions about horses and other topics of jockey lore; and, above all, endeavour to imitate his air and carriage.		
After the dance was concluded, the whole party was entertained with brawn and beef, and stout homebrewed.		
The young officer appeared as Robin Hood, in a sporting dress of Kendal green and a foraging cap with a gold tassel.		
Let every man be jolly,      Eache roome with yvie leaves is drest,        And every post with holly.		
As to his songs, they were chiefly picked out of old books in the Squire's library, and adapted to tunes that were popular among the choice spirits of the last century.		
My friend proposed that we should alight and walk through the park to the hall, which was at no great distance, while the chaise should follow on.		
Master Simon had now to hurry off, having an appointment at the parish church with the village choristers, who were to perform some music of his selection.		
Adjoining it was a low snug parsonage, which seemed coeval with the church.		
His nose was shaped like the bill of a parrot; his face slightly pitted with the smallpox, with a dry perpetual bloom on it, like a frostbitten leaf in autumn.		
Here were kept up the old games of hoodman blind, shoe the wild mare, hot cockles, steal the white loaf, bob apple and snapdragon: the Yule log and Christmas candle were regularly burnt, and the mistletoe, with its white berries, hung up to the imminent peril of all the pretty housemaids.		
The country maid leaves half her market, and must be sent again, if she forgets a pack of cards on Christmas eve.		
He was as good a listener as talker, appreciating everything that others said, however humble might be their rank or pretensions, and was quick to testify his perception of any point in their discourse.		
The great figures in the tapestry, also, were almost animated by the workings of my imagination, and the Vandyke portraits of the cavalier and lady that looked down with pale aspects from the wall, had almost a spectral effect, from their immovable gaze and silent companionship   "For by dim lights the portraits of the dead     Have something ghastly, desolate, and dread.		
One of the first of my antiquarian rambles was on horseback, in company with Colonel Wildman and his lady, who undertook to guide me to Borne of the moldering monuments of the forest.		
While he was making the remark, a small female figure in white, flitted by without speaking a word, or indeed appearing to notice them.		
This was all done, do you see, to draw me out; but I said nothing, but shook my head.		
When Scott had got through his brief literary occupation, we set out on a ramble.		
It was the Parliament Oak, so called in memory of an assemblage of the kind held by King John beneath its shade.		
It walked the cloisters by night, and sometimes glimpses of it were seen in other parts of the Abbey.		
To this woody nook Colonel Wildman has given the appropriate title of "the Poet's Corner."		
It comes no doubt from their being so familiar with witches and warlocks."		
So much for the love of rulepoor Nanny's house was a hole in a rock!		
They had been deeply cut in the bark, but the natural growth of the tree was gradually rendering them illegible, and a few years hence, strangers will seek in vain for this record of fraternal affection.		
The heather, too, that closely woven robe of Scottish landscape which covers the nakedness of its hills and mountains, tinted the neighborhood with soft and rich colors.		
At the time of the dissolution of the convents during the reign of Henry VIII., Newstead underwent a sudden reverse, being given, with the neighboring manor and rectory of Papelwick, to Sir John Byron, Steward of Manchester and Rochdale, and Lieutenant of Sherwood Forest.		
These rude pageants are the lingering remains of the old customs of Plough Monday, when bands of rustics, fantastically dressed, and furnished with pipe and tabor, dragged what was called the "fool plough" from house to house, singing ballads and performing antics, for which they were rewarded with money and good cheer.		
Scott applied to his lips the ivory whistle, always hanging at his buttonhole, and soon called in the culprits, excepting Hamlet.		
"Amidst the court a Gothic fountain play'd,     Symmetrical, but deck'd with carvings quaint,   Strange faces, like to men in masquerade,     And here perhaps a monster, there a saint:   The spring rush'd through grim mouths of granite made,     And sparkled into basins, where it spent   Its little torrent in a thousand bubbles,   Like man's vain glory, and his vainer troubles."		
When I retired for the night, I found it almost impossible to sleep; the idea of being under the roof of Scott; of being on the borders of the Tweed, in the very centre of that region which had for some time past been the favorite scene of romantic fiction; and above all, the recollections of the ramble I had taken, the company in which I had taken it, and the conversation which had passed, all fermented in my mind, and nearly drove sleep from my pillow.		
"Of Mansfield!"		
The ancient jealousy between the Highlanders and the Lowlanders still continued to a certain degree, the former looking upon the latter as an inferior race, less brave and hardy, but at the same time, suspecting them of a disposition to take airs upon themselves under the idea of superior refinement.		
This ancient family worthy figures in the traditions of the Abbey, and in the ghost stories with which it abounds, under the quaint and graphic appellation of "Sir John Byron the Little, with the great Beard."		
The poor man was astonished, and would not believe either ears or eyes; he insisted that he had lain down to sleep but half an hour before on the Peatlaw, near Selkirk.		
He spoke of it, I may say, with affection.		
From early morn until dinner time he was rambling about, showing me the neighborhood, and during dinner and until late at night, engaged in social conversation.		
Why, soldiers, why,   Whose business 'tis to die!		
"But silent let me sink to earth.		
A ride of a few miles farther brought us at length among the venerable and classic shades of Sherwood, Here I was delighted to find myself in a genuine wild wood, of primitive and natural growth, so rarely to be met with in this thickly peopled and highly cultivated country.		
The lapse of upward of six centuries had reduced this once mighty tree to a mere crumbling fragment, yet, like a gigantic torso in ancient statuary, the grandeur of the mutilated trunk gave evidence of what it had been in the days of its glory.		
"Yet he prefers thee to the gilded domes,     Or gewgaw grottoes of the vainly great;   Yet lingers mid thy damp and mossy tombs,     Nor breathes a murmur 'gainst the will of fate."		
a monk, arrayed     In cowl, and beads, and dusky garb, appeared,   Now in the moonlight, and now lapsed in shade;     With steps that trod as heavy, yet unheard;   His garments only a slight murmur made;     He moved as shadowy as the sisters weird,   But slowly; and as he passed Juan by   Glared, without pausing, on him a bright eye.		
I gazed at it with admiration; it seemed like one of the gigantic obelisks which are now and then brought from Egypt, to shame the pigmy monuments of Europe; and, in fact, these vast aboriginal trees, that have sheltered the Indians before the intrusion of the white men, are the monuments and antiquities of your country."		
He had a quick perception of faults and foibles, but he looked upon poor human nature with an indulgent eye, relishing what was good and pleasant, tolerating what was frail, and pitying what was evil.		
They used to tend the sheep together when Laidlaw was a boy, and Hogg would recite the first struggling conceptions of his muse.		
The six weeks' vacation passed as a dream amongst the beautiful flowers of Annesley.		
The retired and quiet garden, once a little sequestered world of love and romance, was now all matted and wild, yet was beautiful, even in its decay.		
The sacred relic was sent to a brazier to be cleaned.		
While we were thus chatting, we heard the report of a gun among the hills.		
She was at that age when a female soon changes from the girl to a woman, and leaves her boyish lovers far behind her.		
I should rather think that he found poetical enjoyment in these supernatural themes, and that his imagination delighted to people this gloomy and romantic pile with all kinds of shadowy inhabitants.		
'A thousand vassals mustered round    With horse, and hawk, and horn, and hound;    And through the brake the rangers stalk,    And falc'ners hold the ready hawk;    And foresters in greenwood trim    Lead in the leash the greyhound grim."		
Colonel (at that time Major) Wildman had been a schoolmate of the poet, and sat with him on the same form at Harrow.		
Every sight and sound this morning seemed calculated to summon up touching recollections of poor Byron.		
"Lord Byron one day said to me, 'Nanny, what nonsense they tell about ghosts, as if there ever were any such things.		
Upon her face there was the tint of grief,   The settled shadow of an inward strife,   And an unquiet drooping of the eye,   As if its lids were charged with unshed tears."		
The long corridors and Gothic halls, with their ancient portraits and dark figures in armor, are all haunted regions to them; they even fear to sleep alone, and will scarce venture at night on any distant errand about the Abbey unless they go in couples.		
It brought to mind his own adventure with the Little White Lady in the wood of Undine, and he was surprised to find that she still continued her mysterious wanderings about the Abbey.		
Such is the story of the goblin friar, which, partly through old tradition, and partly through the influence of Lord Byron's rhymes, has become completely established in the Abbey, and threatens to hold possession so long as the old edifice shall endure.		
exclaims he, with a sudden burst of feeling, "why do I say my?		
Their buried looks still wave     Along the canvas; their eyes glance like dreams   On ours, as spars within some dusky cave,     But death is mingled in their shadowy beams."		
Park, who was a Hercules in frame, seized the dirk, and, with one blow, drove it through an oaken table:"Yes," replied he, "and tell your friends that a man from the Lowlands drove it where the devil himself cannot draw it out again."		
Can we wonder that amidst the tender recollections which every object around him was calculated to awaken, the fond passion of his boyhood should rush back in full current to his heart?		
I had supposed, after the time he had wasted upon me yesterday, he would be closely occupied this morning, but he appeared like a man of leisure, who had nothing to do but bask in the sunshine and amuse himself.		
Another worthy whom Colonel Wildman found vegetating upon the place, and who had lived there for at least sixty years, was old Joe Murray.		
The girl, she said, was too old for her son, besides, she did not see that he was in any need of a wife.		
As the old shepherd told his tales, he could point out the very scene of action.		
Byron sometimes speaks as if he had met with kindness in return, at other times lie acknowledges that she never gave 'him reason to believe she loved him.		
Our ride took us through a part of the country where King John had once held a hunting seat; the ruins of which are still to be seen.		
When the weather held up, we continued our walk until we came to a beautiful sheet of water, in the bosom of the mountain, called, if I recollect right, the lake of Cauldshiel.		
She explained the motives of her frequent and long visits to the Abbey, which proved to be a singularly enthusiastic idolatry of the genius of Lord Byron, and a solitary and passionate delight in haunting the scenes he had once inhabited.		
The carcass was still warm, the throat bore marks of the fatal grip, and Hamlet's muzzle was stained with blood.		
The garden, like their young hearts, had gone to waste and ruin.		
Never was a traveller in quest of the romantic in greater luck.		
He was brought up, therefore, for the Church, whence he was occasionally called the Dominie, and is supposed, by his mixture of learning, simplicity, and amiable eccentricity, to have furnished many traits for the character of Dominie Sampson.		
Not far from Sandy Knowe, Scott pointed out another old border hold, standing on the summit of a hill, which had been a kind of enchanted castle to him in his boyhood.		
During his subsequent rambles in the East, when time and distance had softened away his "early romance" almost into the remembrance of a pleasing and tender dream, he received accounts of the object of it, which represented her, still in her paternal Hall, among her native bowers of Annesley, surrounded by a blooming and beautiful family, yet a prey to secret and withering melancholy   "In her home,   A thousand leagues from his,her native home,   She dwelt, begirt with growing infancy,   Daughters and sons of beauty, butbehold!		
Scott's whole time was taken up in riding and driving about the country, or in social conversation at home.		
The last may be thought an easy alternative, but unfortunately, the baron's young lady was hideously ugly, with a mouth from ear to ear, so that not a suitor was to be had for her, either for love or money, and she was known throughout the border country by the name of Mucklemouthed Mag!		
The beauty of the morning, and the quiet of the hour, tempted me to an early stroll; for it is pleasant to enjoy such oldtime places alone, when one may indulge poetical reveries, and spin cobweb fancies, without interruption.		
"There is no telling," said he, "what treasures are hid in that glorious old pile.		
I have that pride within me which will enable me to support difficulties: could I obtain in exchange for Newstead Abbey, the first fortune in the country, I would reject the proposition."		
thou art happy, and I feel     That I should thus be happy too;   For still my heart regards thy weal     Warmly, as it was wont to do.		
Let me step forward in the course of events, and relate the fate of poor Lauckie, as it was communicated to me a year or two afterward in letter by Scott.		
Nanny Smith was scandalized at his ribald songs, but being above harm herself, endured them in silence.		
The floor of the chamber was of tesselated oak, shining with wax, and partly covered by a Turkey carpet.		
He appeared to feel much chagrin at their being in the possession, and subject to the intermeddlings of the Earl, who was represented as a nobleman of an eccentric character.		
It was evident she had spoken the truth as to what she had heard, but had been deceived by some peculiar effect of sound.		
He talked of him as of a real friend whom he had lost, and Sophia Scott, looking up archly in his face, observed that Papa shed a few tears when poor Camp died.		
It was the tower of Bemerside, the baronial residence of the Haigs, or De Hagas, one of the oldest families of the border.		
However, they say his lordship did once see something.		
[Footnote: DON JUAN, Canto III] Around this quadrangle were low vaulted cloisters, with Gothic arches, once the secluded walks of the monks: the corridor along which we were passing was built above these cloisters, and their hollow arches seemed to reverberate every footfall.		
About the place were strewed various morsels from the ruins of Melrose Abbey, which were to be incorporated in his mansion.		
I have never seen any thing of the kind about the Abbey, and I warrant you have not.'		
On the following day I made an excursion with Scott and the young ladies to Dryburgh Abbey.		
