Perhaps the constant association with death during the long day had sobered them, hushing their tongues at last.		
The men stopped before one of these doors, unbarred it, and thrust Dylara into the room beyond.		
Urb grunted.		
They were the eyes of the princess Alurna, who, with her handmaiden, Anela, had come into the room by another entrance at the very moment Jotan had barred Dylara's path.		
Once there, he raised himself to his full height and waved both arms above his head.		
*       *       *       *       * With that, he lifted her easily, and supporting her thus with one arm, took to the trees.		
"Seize that madman!"		
Brutan mumbled something under his breath and went back to his bone.		
"We should have stayed in Ammad.		
Dylara, in her accustomed environment, was a resourceful young woman.		
Maltor is no fool; he is trying to coax us into wasting arrows."		
Before then I mean to show how mistaken you are in your illadvised interference with the laws of worship.		
Of all creatures known to him, none was more easily taken than man.		
A city of stone buildings, gray and boxlike, erected in the most simple of architectural design.		
But each time the mad glare of Pryak's eyes gave him pause.		
Yet to be accomplished was the task of learning the direction in which lay the caves of her people, then crossing that distance alone, exposed to many dangers.		
He wore a tunic of some coarsely woven grayish white material; rude sandals of deerskin covered his feet.		
"What can she be doing here?"		
Suddenly the man jumped back, voicing a yell of terror, and almost upsetting Dylara.		
"These are good men," Vulcar said.		
The Sepharian turned his head and frowned at her.		
And over everything was a thick layer of dust and cobwebs and the droppings of countless rodents.		
I'll get the truth from him."		
Unconsciously she slowed her steps, pulling back at the grip on her arm.		
Among them all, however, was one who stood out in vivid contrast.		
"Do you know me?"		
But when Tharn had picked up those traces not obliterated by the movements of jungle denizens during the two days, he was as much in the dark as before.		
As she drowsily reviewed the previous day's events, she remembered her injured ankle and bent hurriedly to examine it.		
I saw Adbor die.		
Jotan had told her something of the long stretches of untracked jungles and waterless plains between Sephar and Ammad.		
Pryak had promised him much if he succeeded.		
When she awakened, her first thought was of Meltor and his errand.		
"He must mean the girl you brought in a few days ago.		
asked a man's deep voice.		
Javan sat with mouth agape.		
Urim, himself, had been born in Ammad, having come to Sephar as ruler when the former king, old Pyron, had died childless.		
"The leopard?"		
"Good!"		
From where he crouched on a strong branch high above the ground, he saw two wide gateways not more than fifty yards apart, both of them guarded by parties of armed men.		
Jotan straightened.		
Tharn and Katon rose to meet them.		
he grunted.		
He turned on his heel and strode away.		
Circling about, he quickly picked up her trail out of the glade, went on across a short stretch of jungle and out onto the banks of a little stream.		
Tharn was surprised that all trace of fear was masked within the cool graygreen depths, although the rapid pounding of her heart told him she was frightened.		
Don't let them suspect you are listening.		
Pryak's expression was stern; but that sternness was a mask to hide an inner perturbation.		
It was no simple matter to gain the subterranean apartment far beneath the temple.		
Katon, seated across from Tharn, caught the CroMagnard's eye and nodded significantly.		
Drawing the grass rope from his shoulders, he formed a slip knot at one end, and with his first effort managed to cast the loop about the jagged bit of wood.		
Satisfied that locating Alurna's captor was only a matter of following the path underfoot, Tharn went on.		
For the first time Dylara noticed the long white scar across his cheek.		
Outside the twin doors leading to the slave quarters they were stopped by two guards on duty there.		
She knew that a tall tree was a sure haven from all three; for Sadu could not climb at all, while Jalok and Tarlok would not venture among the smaller limbs able to bear her weight but not theirs.		
And when he rose to his feet and saw the city of stone and its great circular wall, he was no less electrified than the girl had been.		
That is the worst of all."		
But for her tunic of a slave, the visitor would have taken her for the mate of some Sepharian noble.		
"I will show them how a real man fights!"		
To attempt to force them would be a noisy method at best.		
How confidently this godlike creature threaded his way across the network of bending boughs, where a slip might mean an awful death to them both!		
"You are right, my friend.		
"Give him a huntingknifeand nothing else," he said finally.		
Once more she looked back, and abruptly the stone walls wavered and dimmed as hot tears flooded her eyes.... CHAPTER XIX A Lesson in Archery Dyta, the sun, swung lazily toward the western horizon.		
"I will be back," Tharn promised from the doorway.		
"You must not be afraid," she said softly.		
Whether or not it had caught Tharn's scent did not interest the caveman, now; a retreating danger ceased to be of interest.		
Perhaps one of the several gates would have been left carelessly ajar, although he was not trusting enough to have much faith in that possibility.		
Drawn by an irresistible impulse, Tharn bent his head to meet them.		
"Only one, who is both good and evil.		
On the flattened apex stood a large chair, complete with armrests and towering back.		
They are young and fully trained.		
Then the guards will come, select a few of us, give them arms and send them into the arena."		
Even the hum of insects, the voices of the gailycolored birds, the chattering monkeys, were stilled.		
Be ready to listen."		
After passing through several wellfurnished rooms, they entered a crowded dining hall and took seats at the head of a long table.		
After Tharn had vanished through her window, she had gone back to bedbut not to sleep.		
A second later he had solved the latch and stepped through.		
Urb, deciding too little daylight remained for them to attempt scaling the vertical slope, ordered the Neanderthals back into the forest.		
This was the answerthe only answer!		
Why did death delay?		
She knew they hunted man only when other food was denied themand that was seldom.		
"Where is he, now?"		
"Sit down," he told Fordak, pointing to a stool.		
They eagerly turned it over to the Earthmen in exchange for green certificates with pretty pictures engraved thereon.		
It is these poppies which have colored the planet red.		
Hairoscope: A very sensitive instrument for space      navigation.		
Spacemen: Those who man the space ships.		
There was nothing they would not do for a pinch of sugar.		
They buy their dresses at a place called KressWorth and look like Paris nouveau riche.		
There was to be service by a private airline.		
This proved embarrassing, to say the least, to the procurers.		
With no Harvard bigdomes to tell them gold is a thing of the past, the yellow metal circulates there as freely and easily as we once kicked pennies around before they became extinct here.		
The space ship went into shuttle service.		
Then the money guys came to look over their purchase.		
Why a spaceman wants to stand on the outer hull of a      ship halfway to Mars is not clear.		
Then they went to the chieftains and sold them a bill of goods (with a generous bribe of sugar) to close the borders.		
They were eating it!		
VII ONE UNIVERSE CONFIDENTIAL Mars is presently no problem to Earth, and will not be until we have all its gold and the Martians begin asking us for loans.		
Then the boys from the more dignified end of the business drop in at the home of the victim and offer to bury him cheap.		
However, the Mafia, which is a worldwide blood brotherhood with colonies in every land and clime, has a universal language.		
Instead, we should heavily arm our own satellites, which will make us secure from attack by an alien planet or constellation.		
And he was right.		
A hurried meeting of the Grand Council was called and held in a bungalow on the shores of one of Minneapolis' beautiful lakes.		
Baloney.		
This is serious."		
Martians are strictly vegetarian: they bake, fry and stew these flowers and weeds and eat them raw with a goo made from fungus and called szchmortz which passes for a salad dressing.		
"I beg your pardon, sir.		
These hairs are obtained from the      GlomphFrog, found only in the heart of the dense Venusian      swamps.		
From this random suggestion, there sprang up a major interplanetary project.		
They were too dumb to be thieves.		
They smelled worse than Texas yahoos just off a cow farm.		
It would be so ultraultra that suckers with only a million would be thumbed away and guys with two million would have to come in through the back door.		
Knives and brass knucks are understood everywhere.		
Furthermore, through propaganda and infiltration, there were Communist cells in every quarter of the planet, and many of the top officials of the four Martian governments were either secretly party members or openly in fronts.		
Asteroids: Tiny worlds floating around in space, put there      no doubt to annoy unwary space ships.		
This cell was so active that Commies had taken over almost half the planet before the arrival of the Mafia, with their domain extending from the Deucalionis Region all the way over to Phaethontis and down to Titania.		
The hop back, for various reasons, took a little longer.		
They are known as the East Side, West Side, North Side and Gas House gangs.		
That is how the crime trust found out that there is no sugar on Mars; that this was the first time it had ever been tasted by a Martian; that it acts on them like junk does on an Earthman.		
Communists are in favor of anything that causes civil disorder and unrest; gangsters have no conscience and will do business with anyone who pays.		
Considerable sums of money were invested in this human cargo, and the boys feared dire consequences from their shylocks, should they return emptyhanded.		
All the rest has been taken care of."		
They've been cutting dope with sugar for years on Earth, so they didn't know how to do it any different on Mars.		
Finally, a meeting was held at which one punk asked another, "What the hell kind of town is it with no cops?		
Did you ever see an Alaska klutch (pronounced klootch)?		
The planet became known as "The Red Red Planet."		
The men are put into modernistic diving suits.		
Struck with the novelty of the thing, quite a few Martians remember other Martians they are mad at.		
Instead of airconditioning, it had oxygenconditioning.		
What are bims?"		
Inasmuch as Martians live underground, burying is done in reverse, by tying a rocket to the tail of the deceased and shooting him out into the stratosphere.		
And we defy anyone to call us liarsand prove it!		
One reason may have been the condition of the crew.		
Thereupon, half the female population ran after the berserk Martian.		
The natives were not acquisitive.		
Never having had the great advantages of a New Deal, the Martians are still backward and use gold as a means of exchange.		
"Maybe you got something there.		
The mob plans to retail them for $25 a carat!		
Space Academy: A college where young men are trained to be      spacemen.		
Maybe this is why they stayed close to home.		
But the town had no police station.		
They had been led to believe by the little guy who escorted them that all Martian dames resembled Marilyn Monroe, only more so, and the men were Adonises (and not Joe).		
He escorted them into the cigar, pressed a button here and there, and before you could say "Al Capone" the roof of the shed slid back and they began to move upward at a terrific rate of speed.		
Thereupon the boys from the Syndicate sat down and declared the Martians in for a fiftyfifty partnership, which means they actually gave them one per cent, which is generous at that.		
It went to Mars.		
"You can take graft, can't you?		
When they spoke with a certain expression, the mobsters let go with 45s, which, however, merely have a stunning effect on the gent on the receiving end because of the lesser gravity.		
The outward trip took a week, but it was spent pleasantly.		
Blondes made Martians higher even than sugar, and brought larger and quicker returns.		
The Crime Cartel met in Clevelandin the third floor front of a tenement on Mayfield Road.		
GAMBLING: Until the arrival of the Mafia, gambling on Mars was confined to a simple game played with children's jacks.		
"Oh, I assume you mean girls.		
With such odds, it was not necessary to fake the games more than is customary on Earth.		
Where was it all going?		
The Communist battle cry was: "Men of Mars unite; you have nothing to lose but your wives."		
So it came out a dead heat.		
Though anyway why should they travel?		
On the other hand, the gravity is considerably less than on Earth.		
It was snapped up as fast as it arrived.		
There are four separate nations there, though nation is hardly the word.		
The sighting plate thereon is centered around      two crossed hairs.		
The next step was to corrupt the border guards, which was easy with Annie Oakleys to do the burlesque shows.		
It cured the hangover from sugar.		
When the organization heard about this, an investigation was ordered.		
Chocolate bars are as common on Mars as saloons are on Broadway, and it is not unusual to see "gone" Martians getting heaved out of these bars right into the gutter.		
Martian language is unlike anything ever heard below.		
"What usually happens to enemies of Jaltor?"		
"I tried to learn from your messenger the reason behind your asking me here tonight.		
But other than a distant herd or two of grasseaters, no sign of life appeared.		
But such was his faith and confidence that he did not hesitate to comply with the order.		
Flinging aside his furs, Jotan leaped to his feet and raced among the sleeping warriors, arousing them with a prodding foot and a few urgent words of explanation.		
He bowed low before the giant ruler of Ammad.		
There was the possibility that Ammad itself lay not too deep within the forest to make it worthwhile for the approaching column to continue its march even after darkness fell.		
The only danger, really, was that his unfailing courtesy, thoughtfulness and complete adoration might succeed in winning the cave girl's love.		
From a wide branch he gazed down at the scene below.		
Like a striking snake Tharn uncoiled his bent legs with a sharp upward thrust, at the same instant jerking his locked hands up to chest level.		
In fact I shall give it to you now."		
Come."		
"Let this be your most important lesson: Seek no fight with the great cats.		
Were she a spysomeone who would go to Jaltor with what she had heardVokal was a dead man!		
Finally the officer ordered a halt.		
"I am sure of it."		
Tharn hid his smile by sinking his gleaming teeth into the meat in his hands.		
Sight of that huge sprawling pile of white stone, its roof six levels above the ground, was a constant source of irritation to him.		
"Approach the Throne and present your plea."		
But his faith in the cave lord remained unshaken; if a way to freedom could be found, Tharn would find it!		
And why was the nobleman's fate kept such a secret?		
The quieter the night, the smaller the number of sentries to be posted when the time came for seeking sleeping furs for the night.		
Those still alive and unwounded managed to form a spearbristling phalanx, standing shoulder to shoulder, while the bloodhungry cats moved slowly around them.		
The rain may fall for suns on end but then the wind is not too strong and there is no danger in moving about."		
At sight of that wealth of reddish gold hair and the sweet curve of a tanned cheek, he knew his search was over, that the girl he loved was almost within his reach.		
Jotan stared deep into the faintly mocking graygreen eyes of Urim's daughter.		
"It shall be done, MostHigh."		
Hour after hour, day after day he strove for something approaching Tharn's expertness at the craft, and while he knew he would never succeed in reaching the high standards of his teacher, he was gaining confidence that eventually he would near that mark.		
One of the things, evidently angered at being repulsed, snaked out a long arm and caught her roughly about the waist, dragging her to him.		
Vokal himself had said as much.		
Luckily Trakor was endowed with eyes and ears beyond the normal in keenness, and it was not long until he was able to give an excellent account of himself in woodcraft.		
"Excellent!		
The rumblings of satisfaction from his fellows as they bore their kills into the forest, the screams of dying men, told him there was food aplenty back among the fires.		
Night came while the column was still an hour's march from the last barrier of jungle between it and Ammad.		
If I am caught I shall be thrown in the pits myselfperhaps killed.		
He would have her, he reasoned, and the jungle too.		
Roban scowled unpleasantly.		
Well, Vokal told himself doggedly, he could wait no longer.		
His questing fingers found the knots holding Tharn helpless and very soon both men were free to act.		
When this unknown conspirator learns that Jotan's party has returned from Sephar, apparently without Jotan himself, he is going to be more puzzled than ever.		
By the time she had bent to pick it up for a second try, Trakor was inside and the door closed.		
But commingled with the scent of fire was another smell, and it was the latter that finally sent him slinking ahead.		
But not to sleep.		
Several minutes passed before one of the guards caught sight of the single lion.		
When he pointed out Sadu less than a spear's cast outside the fires, the others readied their weapons for the attack they expected at any moment; while Sadu, seeing the flurry of motion among the hated manthings, lifted his mighty head and gave voice to a thunderous roar.		
Already most of the column had made the turn and was out of sight.		
Except for the clouds of insects that had a way of working down inside a tunic this was not so bad.		
There is a place in the cliffs, a sun's march to the west of my father's caves, where a river tumbles over the edge.		
One of them, a tall, squareshouldered warrior of middleage, caught one of her arms and helped her up.		
He said this last with a crisp decisiveness that left no room for doubt.		
As the boy plowed past, the cave lord reached down with one arm and caught him under the arms, lifting him to the branch beside him before the youngster was fully aware of what was happening.		
The one holding her let her slide from its back and the others moved closer, reaching out to pluck at her tunic with abnormally long nailless fingers, their voices like the rising skirl of an insect swarm.		
She did not know, of course; perhaps she would never know.... Trakor rolled over to face her.		
Life as a guard in Vokal's palace had not been strenuous enough to prepare him for a long journey into the jungle, and as he limped along in the company of his fifty companions he heaped silent curses upon the head of Ekbar, captain of Vokal's guards, who had selected him to take part in this mysterious excursion into the jungles surrounding Ammad.		
Instantly the one that had brought her here leaped upon the intruder, nearly sweeping Dylara from her precarious footing on the branch.		
But his steel thews served their purpose, and a moment or two later he had gained the single heavy section of branch at the very point of the roof.		
Once more he shifted his position until he was close to sitting in the burning branches and the fingers of his right hand were trembling uncontrollably as he groped for his flinttipped spear.		
Trakor was silent for a little while, thinking unhappy thoughts.		
Cautiously he began to inch his way toward the flames, his hindquarters held low, his majestic head extended and flattened until his nose was close to the ground.		
I say the time for that is now!"		
"Can they hear us?"		
Twice, a lion charged that square of flint speartips, only to fall back with roars of rage and bleeding from wounds.		
"Look!"		
He threw his hands wide in a gesture of despair.		
"But you knew there was such an attempt made this afternoon?"		
he asked between stiff lips.		
"... You are sure he was not lying?"		
cried Jotan.		
Still muttering under his breath Posak got shakily to his feet and turned his back on his companion to pick up the heavy pack.		
Unfortunately the matter can not be brought to his attention just now, but I shall see to it that he hears about it at the earliest possible moment."		
The first wave swept the still inexperienced Trakor completely from his branch, and he would have fallen headlong through space toward the ground below had not one of the ambushers caught him by an ankle and jerked him roughly back to a different type of danger.		
He did not appear fully conscious however and they resumed their attempts to ease his pain.		
"Now," he said, "I can tell you the whole story."		
Ekbar shrugged.		
"What are Ammadians?"		
Twice they encountered patrols from other estates along their erratic pathway, but an arrow or two from Tharn's deadly bow drove them off.		
he demanded harshly.		
"This matter of your guards calling you 'MostHigh'.		
But only the voices of disturbed bird life and the distant scream of a panther answered their cries.		
Without slackening his pace he burst full upon a pack of hyenas surrounding the halfdevoured carcass of Sadu, the lion.		
"I think not," Dylara said matteroffactly.		
"Where," Jaltor said coldly, "would apt to be any man who plotted the death of Ammad's king?"		
She had almost arranged the girl's death in Sephar, but Dylara had slain the hired assassin.		
