The psychic areas to be reduced were sex drive, competitiveness and imagination, while the areas of reproductive urge and cooperation were to be intensified.		
Hoyt!"		
"Synthetic tissue, please."		
"Well, back to work," he said, trying to imitate the cheeriness at least.		
Mrs. Kalmar got him to talk about it, which was much easier than getting him to stop, while Dr. Kalmar showed the old man where the liquor stock and fixings were kept.		
Mr. Emery begged.		
"Yes, Dr.		
"It's only that he's so young and inexperienced.		
"I guess we're a sort of record, aren't we?"		
Miss Dupont prepared another sedative quickly, gave Mrs. Emery a celebration drink and moved the family toward the door.		
On a raw planet where crises were everyday routine, a situation had to be catastrophic before it could be called an emergency.		
Maybe he can do the same with Dr.		
Dr. Kalmar felt himself quiver with rage.		
A family is an assetif every member in it is willing to work."		
Grumbling, the young man helped chart the optical nerves that had to be replaced and measure the new curve of the retinas ordered by Social Control.		
I know my way around this poor little wretch of a building.		
"Send him back to Earth.		
"I won't hurt Leo's career," she explained flatly.		
Miss Dupont seemed wryly amused as she watched his consternation.		
But not for some time to come."		
"Until we have enough people and farms and industries, Miss Dupont, we'll just have to get used to altering people to fit the needs of our society.		
You see?"		
Dr. Kalmar, recalling the crowded cubicles of Earth, gave out a proud little dry laugh.		
Your drinks weren't drugged."		
His wife gave a little shriek of admiration.		
"I guess you might say it's because I can't make my mind up," confessed Mrs. Fallon with an uneasy giggle.		
Hoyt."		
"If that's all you've learned working here" "Now, now," said Dr. Lowell soothingly.		
I'm sure you understand that."		
We can't risk even a little of that, so we use prenatal sex control to keep them exactly equal."		
She can't work as hard as we do and still take care of her looks.		
He glanced up, curious.		
Dr. Kalmar's smile became an appreciative grin.		
"I know that, but why so many?"		
It was as simple as thata bit of practical psychology based on knowledge of the patients.		
"Dr. Hoyt is right, of course.		
"Nurse, we have the information on file, don't we?"		
Dr. Lowell wouldn't consider such a thingthe boy didn't ask for it and it wasn't authorized by Social Control."		
You pampered her.		
Reserved for state occasions, such as arrivals of colleagues from our dear old home planet."		
"Why not?"		
"You have no right to let anybody dodder around like this!"		
There are lots and lots of pretty girls on Earth and very few billionaires.		
"You'd have been jailed for spoiling that girl's chances of a good marriage!"		
A spray of highvelocity cells shot through the girl's smooth skin at the neck, shoulders, breasts, hips and legs, forming shapeless lumps that he guided into cords and muscles.		
"That's his decision, isn't it?		
He regulated the individual timers and sent the varying charge through her brain.		
There's such a thing as ethics, you know."		
"Why, he was assigned to me!"		
"Afraid so."		
Five minutes later the two doctors were furiously arguing over a very old man who had been sent by Social Control to have his eyesight strengthened.		
"We'll have them," he assured her.		
Boost social responsibility and adventurousness.		
"Well, in that case" "Good girl.		
"There's a wife for every man," Mr. Fallon put in genially, "and a husband for every woman.		
"Now, let's see if we can't settle this problem before closing time, eh?"		
Impossible, of course.		
Second, we're not under the jurisdiction of Earth's Medical Association.		
"Then I say let's signal the next ship" Dr. Kalmar began.		
Need help?"		
It comes to the same thing, as far as I can see, and causes much less confusion, especially since we need stable relationships."		
Damn it, do you think I want him fired and sent back to Earth before his internship's up?		
Dr. Hoyt shook his head.		
"I'm afraid so.		
"Dr. Hoyt just got in today from Earth and he's tired and he naturally doesn't understand all our ways yet" "Yet?" Dr. Hoyt repeated in disgust.		
Not much like Earth hospitals, is it?"		
*       *       *       *       * Dinner on Deneb was the same as anywhere else in the Galaxy.		
"It's all screwy to me, but it's none of my business.		
"Do something!"		
Will you prepare her, please?"		
he called out jovially, paying off the hackie.		
"Now what?"		
"He wants to put Leo through the Ego Alter."		
Don't worry about me.		
But I'm not a telepathy" "Is there anything I can do?"		
He injected an antidote to the hypnotic and gave her the standard test for emotional response as her expressionless face cleared to placidity.		
He felt the pride of craftsmanship when he found that the clothing supplied for her by Social Control exactly fitted her.		
Farm labor is too valuable for pampering.		
"Not a chance," Dr. Hoyt said.		
"Singing in nightclubs back on Earth, marrying a billionaire, living in a sky yacht!"		
"Well, sure!		
*       *       *       *       * At the end of the day, Dr. Kalmar was emotionally exhausted.		
"Too many of either sex creates tension, hostility, loss of efficiency; look at Earth if you want proof.		
"It is disloyal of me, I know," the xhind murmured, "but I had hoped the mbretersha would not find a human representative before I died.		
When they reached Burdon, he would fire Raines simply on the basis of the forged papers.		
"And she's not veryshe isn't" Mattern got up and put his hand on his brother's shoulder.		
Ethics aside, it's a good deal.		
"For once, your men can take care of the ship," the xhind said, "since there will be no trading stop."		
"It is fitting that we superintend the loading of the ship."		
"It is the same as naming it after her," the kqyres said shortly.		
Under Njeri's tutelage, Mattern cultivated the arts and the amenities.		
And the kqyres indicated the gold.		
"Where?"		
"If she wants a crystal tower, I will have one built for her.		
As if that weren't bad enough, it could also happen that even a stuff previously proven to be stable in both universes could become unstable, if there was even the trace of a potentially unstable element, or if something that, stable in itself, combined with it in unstable fashion.		
And he looked at his outlandish friend with a great affection.		
For the laws of the Federation, I don't give a damnmen made 'em and men can break 'embut to go against the laws of nature, that is a different thing."		
Naturally, Mattern would see Lyddy, who was one of the seven wonders of that system.		
Her voice broke on the truth.		
When you look at the cargo and see what it is, you will want to come back."		
The ship set down on the "safe" port at Ferr.		
The old man's pale green eyes protruded even further from his head.		
Neither of them could, he knew, see the hyperspacers.		
Mattern asked bluntly.		
the old man jeered.		
Finally, Len gave into his own common sense more than to the officer'sand signed up for the voyage.		
No explosion, no sound.		
When I was a kid, she could fool me into believing she had a hold over me.		
"If you are disturbed about my effect upon your people when they catch sight of me," the kqyres assured the young man, "you may ease your mind.		
You're awful greedy, Lennieawful greedy."		
That was the real reason for the schools; any actual training was incidental.		
At the end of the voyage, he was offered a permanent berth on the Perseus.		
"Others go sane also," he said.		
Mattern asked selfmockingly.		
I'm used to playing alone."		
The thought impressed him.		
It had merely been a question of survival.		
The second officer was patient, because he knew Mattern was his only chance of making the crew up to its full complement.		
the kqyres asked.		
The xhindi themselves ceased to be monstrous in his eyes.		
"But all I want is just one night!"		
"Well," Mattern said, "Lyddy's waited so long, she can wait a little longer.		
"I never wanted anybody to do that much for me.		
"I never thought of that," the kqyres confessed.		
"Young Raines.		
"It's not a question of absolute power or divine rightsimply that my people come first, even before myself; my own world is part of me, and I am part of it by nature and instinct.		
*       *       *       *       * "But you've been with me almost a year now," Mattern pointed out, "and done nothing except talk to Lyddy against me.		
Normally the starships did not take on untrained hands.		
Three of Hesperia's four planets were barren rocks.		
And he lunged for Mattern, reaching out the four monstrous arms that were his in hyperspace, the eye in his forehead brilliant with that hideous sanity.		
"This procedure is acceptable in terms of your culture?"		
"I'd better start getting things ready for the trip to Burdon."		
When the government protested, he graciously gave them copies free of all charge.		
"Of course not, dear," he said awkwardly.		
However, he couldn't help being curious.		
All I wanted were nice things and somebody to take care of me and maybe love me.		
Then Mattern remembered the young spaceman he had met coming into the hotel, who seemed to have a look of Lyddy.		
So they took the Valkyrie, the two of themand Balas, of course, but naturally nobody would consult a madmanand headed for hyperspace.		
A technical term.		
Nobody, seeing him, could ever have fancied him once a poor wizened space rat.		
But they all do the same things. But he couldn't keep her out of his mind.		
He decided there was no point bothering with the other planets; he might as well have his teeth and everything else taken care of on Earth, too.		
Being what he was, he could never expose himself to a court battle, no matter how much justice might be on his side in a particular instance.		
But I was only sixteen, Mattern argued with himself; how could I have been held responsible? And then he told himself, You haven't been sixteen for twentyfour years. "I thought one of the women in the village would have adopted you," he said.		
"One of 'em did.		
But that was nonsensical.		
Mattern could not speak; he was so overwhelmed by the tribute.		
They are more than her children."		
"Yeah, I guess so."		
The kqyres evidently did not know, but he made an effort to understand.		
You need have no fear," he added with a sigh.		
But I thought she might not have come up to your expectations.		
Mattern was somewhat taken aback.		
"It just seems that way to you.		
Mattern cried, almost with sincerity.		
He looked at the crewman.		
Maybe you'd like me to sign her over to you entirely."		
He turned to face Balas' onrush, and his laughter no longer sounded insane in his ears; it had the triumphant energy of a primeval war cry.		
Instinct made Mattern seize the axe from its hooks on the wall.		
I was not speaking metaphorically.		
"There is a tiny planet that circles the dim sun you call Van Maanen's star," the alien persisted.		
But in spite of his lack of training, they offered him the job.		
Only the captains were ever permitted to see these charts; they would be far too dangerous in irresponsible hands.		
*       *       *       *       * The night of the Jump, Mattern turned in at the kqyres' suggestion.		
It was wonderful, it was ecstasy, it was everything he had dreamed ofbut it was too short.		
"This is your first time on Erytheia, is it?"		
"Send him up."		
Probably he wasn't; to him, Megan was and had been always a doll.		
But I've felt this way before, he thought; it's because I'm old. "Were you really satisfied with your bargain, Jan?"		
He went back to his mansion and he tried to hang himself.		
Dyall looked down at her, and there was, Emrys thought, an odd perplexity in his gaze.		
"Youth such as you did not know even when you were young."		
Well, the golden sun of Earth would set somewhat sooner than the physicistsor the sociologistshad prognosticated.		
"Thank you," Dyall murmured, "for granting me that I gave her all I had, but it wasn't what she wanted.		
He did what he did out of spite.		
I hadn't imagined there could be a woman like Megan in the world, so sweet and amiable and completely feminine."		
They do live somewhat longer than either the common people or terrestrials; I guess that's why the legend arose, probably why I look so young, too.		
"Are you suggesting that I pushed my father into the Ekkan?"		
And what could he do there?		
But it wasn't the same for me."		
Then he realized it was possible that Hubbard, too, had felt there might be something notquitehuman manifest in his body and had tried to prepare the doctor.		
"As for what I was doing on Morethisthat's my business."		
Clearly, he was impatient to be rid of his tedious caller, and Hubbard struggled with the instinctive good breeding that told him to get up and leave.		
The door slid open.		
*       *       *       *       * Not everyone had plunged into an orgy of joyless pleasure.		
She had been the last mistress remaining to him, and probably, he thought, to any man in the city.		
A surge of almost physical dislike filled the lawyer.		
Each vial of pills consists of the mitogenetic force of ten tons of life."		
"I'm sick of that piping doll's voice of yours!		
"She was just about Megan's age then.		
And he went into another paroxysm of gleefully triumphant laughter.		
"We've come to terms."		
The lips in the shockingly beautiful face parted.		
Because, if that was the case, then Earth's longevity treatment might be nothing more than a primitive form of the Morethan "process."		
Nothing was to be kept hidden from him!		
Nothing can be done.		
"You're Emrys Shortmire."		
"Wait a little longer, then.		
And then the lawyer asked a ridiculous question, "Jan, do you know why Dyall's machines didn't meet popular favor until he changed them?"		
"What need do I have of you?"		
In what form did you give it to them, Jan?"		
"Look, Dyall, I know this is an outrageous thing for a man of my profession to say.		
"Forgive me.		
If Emrys would not surrender his birth certificate, they could get another from Clergal.		
Whenever a part of it broke down, he repaired it himself, glad of the opportunity to have something to do with his hands.		
I don't want to grow old and die, either."		
He did not, he said, want to be dwarfed by his father's reputation.		
"Forgive me for getting so sentimental, but Megan looks as uncannily like her greatgreatgrandmothermy wifeas ... you look like your father.		
Hubbard hesitated.		
Why should he?		
Something seemed lacking.		
This last one had not been even human for the past week; yet he had tended herwhy, he could not say, except that he had nothing better to do.		
And these were more than most men had met, for the longevity treatment was given to very few.		
Emrys' fear exploded into a scarlet rage.		
Unfortunately, he could not doubt that this was Jan Shortmire's progeny.		
Emrys fastened his tunic with fingers that shook from relief.		
*       *       *       *       * Emrys was glad that, since he could not have had Alissa, Dyall had not, either.		
It was an uncomfortable conclusion.		
I bring you greetings from Morethis, Jan Shortmire."		
Nothing happened.		
"Megan!" She turned her bland, smiling doll face toward him.		
Dyall's swarthy hands began playing with the ornaments on his desk.		
And he had known the need was now urgent.		
Who had the young man's mother been?		
"But I shall want to die when my time comes, Megan," Dyall said.		
But all Dr. Jameson said when the examination was finished was, "You have the physique of a man fifteen years your junior, Mr.		
*       *       *       *       * At last he slept, or seemed to, and dreamed he was on Morethis againor Morethis was there with him.		
Then I knew for sure that he was Jan Shortmire himself; and then I knew what Megan's destiny was...." "How could you know heI was Jan Shortmire?"		
Instead of showing shock or anger or even thought, Dyall merely gave him a tolerant smile.		
"Like that fellow in the opera."		
At that, he had stopped laughing, but still he had not accepted their offer, for many reasons ... doubt and fear, perhaps some shreds of honor, and certainly, since he was a man of science, skepticism.		
"I do not wish the fact of myof my birth publicized in any wayuntil after my death," Emrys added placatorily.		
"I have nothing to contribute."		
You     will not, I am sure, know my name.		
Hubbard almost wept with helplessness.		
It wouldn't be hard for him to figure out where he could find me."		
"Perhaps another night then?"		
Hubbard turned toward him, his head and neck moving with the deliberate precision of a piece of clockwork.		
"On the contrary, I'd be delighted.		
"I've heard people say you revolutionized our technology as much as" "As much as your father revolutionized our civilization?		
"Well, son of my spirit," Uvrei would keep asking, "is this what you wanted?"		
Emrys tried to laugh.		
Even if the Morethans could do what they said, how did he know they would?		
"You understand that these must be checked before you receive your father's estate?"		
This man had betrayed the whole of mankind, and so he, Peter Hubbard, reproached him gently for it.		
*       *       *       *       * He sipped a whisky and soda, trying not to feel disappointed at the savor.		
He half expected Uvrei to appear that night, but the old one did not come.		
Accordingly, he went from the museum to a revival of a nineteenthcentury opera.		
Other people were there, consigning their grisly burdens to the automatic firesthin, sickly creatures they were, who would soon be carrion for the firebirds themselves.		
