as	-PRON-	peer	timidly	into	the	shadow	between	the	tree	,	something	sweep	into	the	sunlight	with	a	swift	whirl	of	wing	:	a	great	parrot	which	drop	on	to	a	leafy	branch	and	sway	there	,	a	gleam	image	of	jade	and	crimson	.		
in	general	outline	-PRON-	be	not	unlike	a	man	.		
once	within	,	conan	grunt	in	surprize	,	and	olivia	stifle	a	scream	.		
-PRON-	shift	uneasily	and	wish	to	be	go	,	but	the	image	hold	a	strange	fascination	for	-PRON-	companion	.		
the	stranger	touch	the	limp	body	of	the	youth	,	and	the	chain	fall	away	from	-PRON-	.		
'	-PRON-	have	not	do	with	-PRON-	yet	.		
how	strange	,	to	move	in	fellowship	with	a	barbarian	,	to	be	care	for	and	protect	by	one	of	a	race	,	tale	of	which	have	frighten	-PRON-	as	a	child	!		
now	the	blaze	eye	of	the	barbarian	glare	into	the	bloodshot	eye	of	the	ape	.		
'	death	!	'		
do	-PRON-	follow	-PRON-	?	'		
conan	bend	closer	to	the	sward	,	where	the	grass	be	crush	down	here	and	there	.		
'	-PRON-	be	an	hyrkanian	galley	-PRON-	have	capture	.		
up	on	the	cliff	olivia	catch	at	the	boulder	for	support	.		
-PRON-	head	be	shave	except	for	a	scalplock	,	-PRON-	mustache	drop	over	a	rattrap	mouth	.		
'	suppose	-PRON-	meet	pirate	,	or	a	storm	?	'		
curse	hiss	between	-PRON-	clenched	tooth	as	-PRON-	lustily	swing	and	parried	.		
sergius	be	give	back	;	only	-PRON-	superlative	skill	have	save	-PRON-	thus	far	from	the	blind	speed	of	the	cimmerian	's	onslaught	.		
a	dreamy	quiet	lie	over	the	wood	that	border	the	blue	bay	.		
'	do	-PRON-	not	see	them?the	statue	,	move	,	lift	-PRON-	hand	,	-PRON-	eye	glare	in	the	shadow	?	'		
'	human	word	,	-PRON-	will	swear	,	'	answer	conan	;	'	but	in	what	tongue	-PRON-	can	not	say	.	'		
-PRON-	eye	gleam	like	a	panther	's	in	the	dusk	.		
-PRON-	be	not	negro	.		
do	not	go	back	!		
-PRON-	pursue	-PRON-	,	lest	-PRON-	come	to	harm	.		
at	-PRON-	shriek	conan	shoot	erect	,	tooth	gleam	,	sword	lift	.		
-PRON-	see	a	great	hall	,	whose	lofty	ceiling	be	uphold	by	stone	column	march	in	even	row	along	the	massive	wall	.		
tree	grow	thickly	along	the	rim	of	the	plateau	east	and	west	of	the	cliff	,	and	clung	to	the	precipitous	incline	.		
rise	to	-PRON-	knee	on	the	soft	sward	,	-PRON-	scream	at	what	-PRON-	see	.		
'	-PRON-	be	not	afraid	when	-PRON-	come	to	free	-PRON-	,	either	,	'	-PRON-	answer	.		
conan	stride	over	to	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	word	electrify	-PRON-	.		
'	-PRON-	see	nothing	,	'	answer	the	barbarian	uneasily	.		
-PRON-	take	-PRON-	,	wince	slightly	at	the	bloodstain	upon	-PRON-	,	feel	a	hint	of	the	dynamic	strength	that	lurk	in	the	barbarian	's	thew	.		
'	and	-PRON-	be	-PRON-	that	throw	the	stone	?	'		
-PRON-	look	at	the	ruin	,	star	again	into	the	wood	below	.		
at	-PRON-	,	lad	!	'		
before	sunset	-PRON-	be	out	of	sight	of	the	mainland	.	'		
how	long	-PRON-	lie	there	,	-PRON-	do	not	know	.		
again	and	again	-PRON-	feel	-PRON-	lift	lightly	off	-PRON-	foot	and	over	some	obstacle	that	would	have	tax	-PRON-	strength	to	surmount	,	and	-PRON-	wonder	grow	at	the	sheer	physical	power	of	the	man	.		
these	feature	be	not	cast	in	the	same	mold	.		
'	but	the	reality	be	more	grisly	than	the	dream	.		
olivia	sense	that	-PRON-	be	not	so	much	in	defense	of	conan	that	the	corinthian	take	-PRON-	stand	,	but	in	opposition	to	aratus	.		
-PRON-	reach	the	northern	extremity	of	the	plateau	,	and	stand	gaze	up	the	steep	pitch	of	the	cliff	.		
-PRON-	will	put	-PRON-	to	the	torture	if	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	beside	-PRON-	dead	lord	.	'		
'	-PRON-	be	not	dead	,	'	answer	the	corinthian	,	rise	from	beside	the	prostrate	cimmerian	.		
be	-PRON-	some	trick	of	the	moonlight	that	touch	the	eye	of	the	black	figure	with	fire	,	so	that	-PRON-	glimmer	redly	in	the	shadow	?		
there	conan	halt	in	some	uncertainty	,	at	last	select	a	place	shelter	by	a	broad	ledge	,	nowhere	near	any	tree	.		
'	pirate	!	'		
-PRON-	glance	fleetingly	at	the	figure	along	the	wallswaiting	,	wait	.		
then	the	moonlight	burst	full	upon	-PRON-	face	,	and	-PRON-	be	speed	up	the	slope	of	the	plateau	.		
-PRON-	abode	in	shah	amurath	's	palace	,	until	some	week	agone	-PRON-	ride	out	with	-PRON-	host	to	do	battle	with	a	band	of	invader	who	be	ravage	the	border	of	turan	.		
'	no	law	?		
through	a	broad	crevice	in	the	wall	steal	a	beam	of	moonlight	,	and	the	air	be	instantly	supercharge	with	subtle	tension	.		
conan	star	and	glare	.		
-PRON-	may	stop	for	some	other	reason	,	in	which	case	-PRON-	will	have	to	hide	as	good	-PRON-	can	.		
to	-PRON-	?	'		
-PRON-	ask	hopelessly	.		
if	-PRON-	do	not	succeedwell	,	hide	-PRON-	in	the	rock	until	-PRON-	be	go	,	for	no	devil	on	this	island	be	as	cruel	as	these	seawolf	.	'		
ha	!		
the	black	shrink	back	before	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	eye	slit	of	fire	.		
as	-PRON-	tear	-PRON-	tender	skin	and	bruise	-PRON-	soft	limb	on	the	rugged	boulder	over	which	conan	have	so	lightly	lift	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	realize	again	-PRON-	dependence	on	the	ironthew	barbarian	.		
the	springy	sward	give	no	sign	of	footprint	.		
-PRON-	approach	-PRON-	warily	,	see	that	moss	and	lichen	crawl	over	the	stone	,	and	the	broken	roof	gap	to	the	sky	.		
'	here	be	the	grandfather	of	all	parrot	.		
besides	,	-PRON-	be	softskinn	,	and	use	to	shelter	and	dainty	.		
-PRON-	feel	the	quick	beating	of	-PRON-	heart	against	-PRON-	breast	.		
about	the	ruin	the	other	be	cut	down	tree	and	secure	material	for	a	fire	.		
yet	-PRON-	distinctly	feel	the	glare	of	hidden	eye	,	and	feel	that	something	animate	and	sentient	be	aware	of	-PRON-	presence	and	-PRON-	hidingplace	.		
inside	be	many	more	;	-PRON-	shift	and	mumble	in	-PRON-	besott	dream	,	but	none	awaken	as	-PRON-	glide	among	-PRON-	.		
conan	swear	.		
-PRON-	roar	.		
there	be	only	a	few	about	the	fire	;	most	of	-PRON-	have	go	into	the	ruin	to	sleep	.		
from	time	to	time	-PRON-	glance	rest	inscrutably	upon	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	be	aware	of	-PRON-	.		
grunt	the	cimmerian	.		
'	vilayet	be	an	hyrkanian	pond	.	'		
the	drunkard	beneath	-PRON-	foot	begin	to	stir	and	groan	in	-PRON-	sleep	.		
-PRON-	kinship	to	the	wild	be	apparent	in	-PRON-	every	action	;	-PRON-	burn	in	-PRON-	smolder	eye	.		
'	-PRON-	be	conan	,	of	cimmeria	,	'	-PRON-	grunt	.		
the	cord	fall	from	conan	's	arm	,	and	take	the	dagger	from	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	rip	the	bond	from	-PRON-	leg	with	a	single	quick	slash	.		
the	ratfac	one	yelp	in	triumph	and	run	to	stab	the	prostrate	man	,	but	a	lean	corinthian	thrust	-PRON-	back	.		
lay	-PRON-	head	in	-PRON-	rounded	arm	-PRON-	weep	,	until	distant	shout	of	ribald	revelry	rouse	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	own	danger	.		
olivia	tiptoe	after	-PRON-	.		
but	at	the	other	end	be	only	a	smash	and	shatter	ruin	,	half	submerge	in	the	shallow	water	.		
'	-PRON-	will	anchor	heresearch	the	island	for	-PRON-	!	'		
a	shuddering	gasp	sweep	over	the	village	and	man	crowd	hastily	back	,	jam	one	another	between	the	hut	.		
'	-PRON-	advise	that	,	but	'	'	but	-PRON-	be	hard	for	-PRON-	hyborians	to	learn	the	way	of	the	outland	,	'	say	conan	.		
conan	shake	-PRON-	head	impatiently	.		
-PRON-	answer	come	in	the	twang	of	the	bowstring	,	the	streak	flight	of	the	arrow	that	sink	to	the	feather	in	-PRON-	broad	breast	.		
balthus	mop	-PRON-	brow	with	a	tremble	hand	and	glance	at	conan	.		
'	-PRON-	think	a	friend	be	speak	to	-PRON-	.		
whisper	balthus	.		
one	turn	and	run	back	down	the	road	,	but	the	other	lunge	over	the	breastwork	,	-PRON-	eye	and	tooth	gleam	in	the	dim	light	,	-PRON-	ax	lift	.		
the	deep	twanging	of	the	bowstring	rise	above	the	howling	.		
-PRON-	spring	up	and	glare	wildly	about	for	-PRON-	companion	,	expect	to	see	-PRON-	overwhelm	by	number	.		
both	be	young	,	the	woman	little	more	than	a	girl	.		
turn	,	-PRON-	walk	to	a	casement	and	star	silently	out	over	the	river	,	black	and	shiny	under	the	glint	of	the	star	.		
a	hut	wall	buckle	under	the	ramlike	impact	of	-PRON-	flailing	tail	,	disgorge	howl	people	.		
blind	terror	have	not	submerge	all	ingrain	instinct	.		
no	other	village	within	mile	of	gwawela	.		
the	cimmerian	seem	frozen	in	-PRON-	track	.		
-PRON-	lift	-PRON-	head	and	star	stupidly	about	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	lick	-PRON-	lip	spasmodically	.		
lift	-PRON-	bow	-PRON-	line	the	prancing	figure	,	black	against	the	fire	,	and	loose	.		
as	in	a	dream	balthus	see	a	short	throwingspear	transfix	the	mighty	neck	,	just	below	the	gap	jaw	;	the	shaft	protrude	from	one	side	,	the	steel	head	from	the	other	.		
'	-PRON-	meet	the	picts	,	'	answer	balthus	briefly	,	and	the	woman	sob	in	horror	.		
6	red	axes	of	the	border	conan	do	not	plunge	deeply	into	the	forest	.		
as	that	wild	yell	rise	above	the	clamor	,	there	be	an	instant	's	lull	,	and	then	a	hundred	throat	bay	ferocious	answer	and	warrior	come	leap	to	repel	the	attack	presage	by	the	warning	.		
what	new	horror	would	come	through	that	gate	to	make	carrionmeat	of	-PRON-	body	?		
with	a	scorch	oath	conan	wheel	and	dash	back	the	way	-PRON-	have	come	,	and	the	aquilonian	stumble	bewilderedly	after	-PRON-	.		
to	the	east	drum	mutter	and	somewhere	to	north	and	west	other	drum	answer	.		
three	month	ago	-PRON-	hide	beside	this	road	and	steal	a	string	of	packmule	from	a	packtrain	bind	for	the	fortdrugg	-PRON-	driver	,	somehow	.		
-PRON-	seem	century	since	-PRON-	have	eat	last	.		
again	balthus	recognize	the	monster	from	ancient	legend	.		
there	follow	a	tense	silence	in	which	balthus	feel	that	-PRON-	heart	could	be	hear	pound	for	mile	away	.		
'	-PRON-	try	track	-PRON-	after	-PRON-	kill	soractus	.		
-PRON-	seem	to	the	aquilonian	that	-PRON-	have	be	fight	and	run	for	century	.		
-PRON-	must	make	for	velitrium	.		
then	fresh	horror	choke	balthus	as	the	shape	heave	up	suddenly	with	a	rattle	of	chain	,	lift	long	misshapen	arm	in	the	gloom	.		
'	most	of	-PRON-	fall	at	the	first	volley	that	rake	-PRON-	from	both	side	.		
the	forest	deepen	in	the	twilight	,	become	a	blue	haunt	of	mystery	shelter	unguessed	thing	.		
but	-PRON-	have	not	go	four	when	-PRON-	hear	the	sound	of	a	party	of	man	ahead	of	-PRON-	.		
balthus	smile	and	lay	-PRON-	hand	caressingly	on	the	dog	's	head	.		
'	there	be	nothing	in	the	universe	cold	steel	will	not	cut	,	'	answer	conan	.		
-PRON-	excel	-PRON-	even	in	lithe	economy	of	motion	.		
-PRON-	mimic	a	pict	perfectly	'	'	-PRON-	need	-PRON-	boat	,	'	grunt	conan	,	not	pause	in	-PRON-	exertion	.		
if	-PRON-	would	go	into	ambush	after	-PRON-	leave	the	bank	,	-PRON-	would	have	have	some	hint	of	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	take	-PRON-	to	the	fort	and	dress	-PRON-	wound	,	but	after	-PRON-	recover	-PRON-	take	to	the	wood	and	turn	wildwhat	now	,	slasher	,	be	-PRON-	hunt	the	man	who	kill	-PRON-	master	?	'		
'	how	do	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	be	not	kill	by	the	picts	?	'		
'	tell	-PRON-	to	pull	into	shore	;	say	there	be	a	white	forest	runner	on	the	bank	who	be	try	to	get	a	shot	at	-PRON-	.	'		
'	but	not	one	can	tell	-PRON-	how	zogar	sag	can	call	python	and	tiger	and	leopards	out	of	the	wilderness	and	make	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	bidding	.		
'	emissary	from	zogar	.		
'	-PRON-	know	that	most	of	the	army	which	conquer	conajohara	have	be	withdraw	.		
demand	conan	.		
-PRON-	still	grip	-PRON-	ax	and	balthus	know	that	if	corner	-PRON-	would	fight	with	the	desperate	courage	of	a	shepanther	.		
'	a	man	from	the	tauran	could	not	mistake	the	mark	of	a	panther	's	claws	.		
conan	leap	high	,	catch	,	not	balthus	'	hand	but	-PRON-	arm	near	the	shoulder	,	and	swing	-PRON-	up	.		
when	balthus	have	go	a	few	rod	-PRON-	hear	the	animal	growl	.		
the	swiftfoot	picts	would	run	-PRON-	down	within	a	mile	,	unlesshe	take	-PRON-	position	behind	a	tangle	of	fall	log	beside	the	trail	.		
besides	,	remember	gwawela	be	south	of	the	fort	;	if	the	picts	be	cross	the	river	-PRON-	would	run	right	into	-PRON-	.	'		
the	giant	snake	roll	into	a	fire	,	scatter	spark	and	brand	,	and	the	pain	lash	-PRON-	to	more	frenzied	effort	.		
the	yell	grow	louder	as	-PRON-	advance	,	and	above	the	devilish	scream	-PRON-	could	hear	the	deep	shout	of	the	soldier	.		
howl	,	curse	,	scream	,	frantic	,	-PRON-	scatter	before	-PRON-	,	knock	each	other	down	in	-PRON-	flight	,	trample	the	fallen	,	burst	through	the	hut	.		
conan	laugh	grimly	.		
conan	point	to	a	creek	which	flow	into	black	river	from	the	east	,	a	few	hundred	yard	below	-PRON-	.		
full	on	the	woodsman	's	breast	-PRON-	strike	,	and	the	stake	splinter	and	snap	at	the	base	,	crash	to	the	earth	under	the	impact	.		
balthus	retch	suddenly	.		
come	on	!		
before	-PRON-	could	regain	-PRON-	foot	slasher	tear	-PRON-	throat	out	.		
stone	and	log	whirl	through	the	air	and	splintered	and	sink	half	a	dozen	canoe	,	kill	-PRON-	occupant	,	and	the	other	boat	draw	back	out	of	range	.		
-PRON-	remember	-PRON-	own	people	on	the	tauran	and	a	moment	's	giddy	sickness	swam	over	-PRON-	.		
that	be	why	an	attack	must	come	from	the	west	,	across	black	river	.		
'	then	-PRON-	would	better	leave	the	trail	!	'		
-PRON-	have	never	hear	-PRON-	speak	more	than	three	or	four	time	in	-PRON-	whole	life	.		
wonder	if	-PRON-	have	fall	asleep	,	balthus	reach	out	and	grasp	-PRON-	shoulder	.		
the	boat	's	stern	begin	to	swing	,	slightly	away	from	the	shore	.		
but	more	beast	remember	in	this	country	than	any	-PRON-	have	ever	see	.	'		
screech	of	rage	rise	in	the	night	.		
-PRON-	be	not	go	out	of	-PRON-	way	look	for	devil	;	but	-PRON-	would	not	step	out	of	-PRON-	path	to	let	one	go	by	.	'		
'	-PRON-	never	hear	-PRON-	till	-PRON-	be	on	-PRON-	.		
if	-PRON-	would	hide	the	body	,	-PRON-	would	have	be	return	to	the	fort	as	the	corpse	of	soractus	wasti	up	outside	the	gate	for	the	man	to	find	in	the	morning	.	'		
-PRON-	do	not	know	.		
-PRON-	will	head	in	the	last	direction	-PRON-	will	expect	-PRON-	to	gowest	!	'		
something	be	move	through	the	deep	bush	that	fringe	the	trailsomething	that	neither	walk	nor	fly	,	but	seem	to	glide	like	a	serpent	.		
-PRON-	low	jaw	be	paint	white	,	contrast	vividly	with	-PRON-	dark	face	,	and	the	design	on	-PRON-	muscular	breast	differ	from	any	balthus	have	ever	see	.		
-PRON-	can	make	good	time	on	this	trail	.		
and	now	tiberias	be	dead	.		
-PRON-	be	-PRON-	spear	-PRON-	throw	into	the	snake	,	and	that	be	-PRON-	ax	-PRON-	be	carry	.	'		
-PRON-	stand	silently	face	the	dark	tower	that	loom	through	the	tree	,	-PRON-	eye	slit	of	blue	balefire	.		
-PRON-	see	a	head	and	a	pair	of	gigantic	shoulder	grow	out	of	the	twilight	gloom	.		
-PRON-	grope	-PRON-	way	down	in	the	blackness	,	feel	for	,	but	not	find	,	some	other	opening	in	the	wall	.		
-PRON-	have	not	slay	-PRON-	foe	,	because	-PRON-	wish	to	hold	the	threat	of	-PRON-	losing	over	the	head	of	-PRON-	own	rebellious	subject	.		
something	whir	above	-PRON-	head	and	-PRON-	cower	,	even	though	realize	-PRON-	be	only	a	bat	.		
'	what	do	-PRON-	mean	?	'		
-PRON-	breath	come	pantingly	and	-PRON-	press	close	to	-PRON-	protector	.		
'	there	be	no	life	in	the	abyss	,	save	that	which	be	incorporate	in	-PRON-	,	'	-PRON-	toll	.		
shake	-PRON-	head	in	bewilderment	,	conan	pass	through	the	archway	into	a	wind	corridor	.		
there	be	a	fleeting	concussion	,	a	fierce	writhing	and	intertwine	of	limb	and	body	,	and	then	conan	spring	clear	,	every	thew	quiver	from	the	violence	of	-PRON-	effort	;	blood	start	where	the	grazing	finger	have	tear	the	skin	.		
-PRON-	hand	jerk	back	in	instinctive	repulsion	.		
-PRON-	squarecut	hair	be	black	as	midnight	,	-PRON-	only	garment	a	wisp	of	silk	about	-PRON-	supple	hip	.		
a	broad	span	of	water	lie	between	,	but	-PRON-	do	not	hesitate	.		
-PRON-	stand	for	an	instant	statuelike	;	then	as	nothing	happen	-PRON-	be	move	across	the	rug	toward	an	arched	doorway	when	a	hanging	be	draw	aside	,	reveal	a	cushion	alcove	from	which	a	slender	,	darkhair	girl	regard	-PRON-	with	languid	eye	.		
if	-PRON-	be	-PRON-	pursuer	,	-PRON-	know	of	no	good	course	than	to	hide	on	the	island	.		
the	silence	with	which	-PRON-	frenzied	plea	and	protest	be	receive	add	to	-PRON-	terror	as	-PRON-	feel	-PRON-	be	carry	through	the	darkness	toward	the	distant	drum	which	still	pulse	and	muttered	.		
'	-PRON-	be	more	through	wild	animal	instinct	than	through	intelligence	,	'	answer	ghaznavi	.		
only	the	magic	of	khosatral	khel	have	keep	-PRON-	from	the	wall	'	-PRON-	pause	,	a	puzzled	look	struggle	with	the	sleepiness	of	-PRON-	expression	.		
conan	shut	-PRON-	and	drop	in	place	the	great	bar	with	which	-PRON-	be	furnish	.		
there	be	no	sound	of	footstep	,	but	the	great	dusky	form	grow	more	distinct	until	conan	recognize	the	figure	of	a	man	.		
-PRON-	wheel	back	through	the	jungle	,	down	the	carven	stair	and	across	the	blue	water	to	the	distant	camp	at	the	mouth	of	the	zaporoska	.		
what	human	hand	could	rear	such	a	mammoth	pile	as	now	meet	-PRON-	eye	,	in	the	few	week	which	have	elapse	?		
what	be	-PRON-	name	?	'		
-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	be	approach	a	point	where	-PRON-	could	see	the	mysterious	ruin	which	give	the	island	-PRON-	name	,	and	-PRON-	wonder	if	-PRON-	would	find	the	girl	hide	among	-PRON-	.		
on	khosatral	's	mighty	breast	-PRON-	smash	into	shred	and	splinter	.		
-PRON-	believe	-PRON-	be	the	great	domed	edifice	in	the	center	of	the	city	,	and	-PRON-	be	likely	that	here	dwelt	the	ruler	of	the	town	,	to	whom	a	captive	woman	would	doubtless	be	bring	.		
then	run	for	the	cliff	.		
the	man	in	the	boat	be	a	picturesque	figure	.		
this	be	conan	,	who	have	wander	into	the	armed	camp	of	the	kozak	with	no	other	possession	than	-PRON-	wit	and	-PRON-	sword	,	and	who	have	carve	-PRON-	way	to	leadership	among	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	could	not	see	,	but	-PRON-	know	that	something	be	stand	beside	-PRON-	in	the	darkness	.		
'	perhaps	-PRON-	be	all	a	dream	.		
-PRON-	be	sick	and	dizzy	,	and	blood	ooze	from	-PRON-	nose	.		
so	-PRON-	stand	up	in	the	shape	and	aspect	of	a	man	,	but	-PRON-	flesh	be	not	flesh	,	nor	the	bone	,	bone	,	nor	blood	,	blood	.		
-PRON-	be	a	small	thing	that	tip	the	scalesmerely	a	shred	of	silk	hang	on	a	bush	that	catch	-PRON-	uneasy	glance	.		
'	-PRON-	must	lure	conan	away	from	the	kozak	,	'	say	the	counsellor	abruptly	.		
-PRON-	do	not	know	whether	the	giant	be	plot	new	devilry	or	have	be	summon	away	by	that	mutter	voice	,	but	-PRON-	waste	no	time	in	conjecture	.		
'	-PRON-	be	strong	,	'	-PRON-	repeat	,	-PRON-	voice	wan	.		
crouch	on	a	heap	of	silk	cushion	,	golden	hair	stream	over	-PRON-	naked	shoulder	,	eye	blank	with	terror	,	be	the	woman	for	whom	-PRON-	have	dare	so	much	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	conan	realize	with	a	crawling	of	-PRON-	skin	that	beyond	the	wall	the	belling	voice	have	cease	.		
-PRON-	do	not	even	shake	the	giant	on	-PRON-	brace	leg	.		
-PRON-	come	out	into	a	dim	and	lofty	room	of	enormous	proportion	.		
but	this	time	-PRON-	will	take	with	-PRON-	,	as	if	by	casual	chance	,	-PRON-	beautiful	captive	.	'		
kill	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	sword	before	-PRON-	burst	the	door	!	'		
as	usual	,	-PRON-	will	go	with	a	force	and	encamp	outside	the	castle	.		
then	,	make	one	end	fast	to	a	merlon	,	-PRON-	slide	down	after	-PRON-	.		
with	a	gasp	of	gratification	-PRON-	scoop	-PRON-	up	,	and	do	not	linger	for	further	exploration	.		
with	renew	caution	-PRON-	glide	through	the	tree	.		
-PRON-	can	not	remember	somethingi	have	forgottenthere	be	something	-PRON-	can	not	understand	,	but	-PRON-	grow	so	sleepy	when	-PRON-	try	to	think	.		
like	hunter	invade	the	retreat	of	the	lion	,	-PRON-	steal	forward	under	the	tree	,	arrow	on	string	.		
'	the	magic	yuetshi	blade	!		
octavia	sense	that	grim	peril	lurk	in	those	leafy	fastness	.		
each	scale	stand	out	as	distinctly	as	in	real	life	,	and	the	iridescent	color	be	vividly	reproduce	.		
-PRON-	have	rather	catch	-PRON-	descend	the	stair	,	where	-PRON-	can	feather	-PRON-	with	arrow	from	a	safe	distance	.	'		
if	-PRON-	bring	a	large	force	,	-PRON-	will	beat	a	retreat	and	think	up	another	plot	.		
ahead	of	-PRON-	,	among	the	tree	,	rise	something	that	-PRON-	reason	tell	-PRON-	be	not	possible	.		
'	what	be	-PRON-	?	'		
the	chance	for	action	have	transform	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	eye	blaze	,	-PRON-	voice	crackle	.		
from	that	dome	the	yuetshi	priest	emerge	alone	.		
-PRON-	be	a	human	who	struggle	through	the	thick	reed	,	which	be	tall	than	a	man	's	head	.		
then	-PRON-	go	up	the	worn	step	without	hesitation	.		
fling	down	-PRON-	useless	sword	,	conan	catch	up	a	heavy	bench	and	hurl	-PRON-	with	all	-PRON-	power	.		
as	-PRON-	near	the	island	,	-PRON-	see	that	-PRON-	rise	sheer	from	the	water	in	castlelike	cliff	.		
-PRON-	will	wait	.		
-PRON-	scowl	down	at	-PRON-	.		
jehungir	catch	-PRON-	wrist	and	hiss	an	oath	into	-PRON-	ear	.		
the	gaze	-PRON-	turn	on	-PRON-	fair	companion	be	as	admire	and	intense	as	if	-PRON-	have	a	hundred	year	to	live	.		
-PRON-	be	as	if	the	crumble	line	have	grow	back	into	the	structure	-PRON-	originally	be	.		
-PRON-	sawedg	crescent	cut	down	the	man	of	dagon	like	sheep	,	and	against	that	unearthly	knife	the	magic	of	khosatral	be	impotent	.		
halt	before	the	great	bronzevalv	door	,	conan	catch	octavia	by	-PRON-	shoulder	and	shake	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	intensity	.		
conan	glare	at	-PRON-	tensely	,	expect	-PRON-	momentarily	to	start	scream	.		
-PRON-	vitality	and	substantial	figure	should	appeal	to	-PRON-	more	vividly	than	would	one	of	the	dolllike	beauty	of	-PRON-	seraglio	.	'		
'	-PRON-	be	that	devil	conan	;	-PRON-	be	even	wild	than	the	kozak	,	yet	-PRON-	be	crafty	as	a	mountain	lion	.	'		
khosatral	be	not	on	the	stair	,	but	far	below	-PRON-	hear	the	clang	of	a	metal	door	.		
'	be	-PRON-	look	for	someone	?	'		
'	-PRON-	will	do	what	-PRON-	can	,	'	-PRON-	say	.		
meanwhile	the	unsuspecting	kozak	have	plunge	into	the	forest	.		
and	with	such	blind	speed	do	the	serpent	move	that	-PRON-	whip	about	and	meet	-PRON-	in	full	midair	,	lap	-PRON-	limb	and	body	with	half	a	dozen	coil	.		
be	this	a	dream	?	'		
-PRON-	scanty	silk	tunic	,	gird	at	the	waist	,	display	the	marvelous	contour	of	-PRON-	magnificent	figure	.		
with	a	piteous	cry	-PRON-	tear	away	and	throw	-PRON-	on	-PRON-	knee	before	-PRON-	implacable	master	,	sob	incoherently	for	mercy	.		
-PRON-	be	not	a	clever	copy	,	but	the	skin	of	an	actual	beast	.		
'	-PRON-	must	have	feast	late	last	night	,	-PRON-	be	so	sleepy	now	.		
-PRON-	hand	flutter	along	the	sheer	stone	,	and	suddenly	-PRON-	find	a	depression	.		
