the	financier	open	the	sheet	,	which	have	remain	fold	in	-PRON-	hand	,	and	glance	at	what	be	write	there	.		
-PRON-	be	sixteen	story	up	,	front	the	street	,	and	there	be	no	fire	escape	.	"		
demand	the	scientist	.		
"	-PRON-	learn	year	ago	that	no	one	could	keep	-PRON-	secret	as	well	as	-PRON-	dothere	be	too	many	temptation	.		
-PRON-	be	silent	for	a	moment	.		
"	-PRON-	shall	not	pretend	to	understand	all	that	,	"	say	the	thinking	machine	curtly	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	twice	the	following	day	the	thinking	machine	speak	to	the	financier	over	the	telephone	.		
grayson	glance	round	involuntarily	to	where	the	girl	sit	idly	turn	over	the	leaf	of	-PRON-	book	.		
-PRON-	suggest	at	last	.		
mccracken	co	.	sell	ten	thousand	share	l.	&	w.	at	97	.	"		
-PRON-	ask	at	last	.		
"	miss	winthrop	!	"		
of	course	!		
exclaim	the	thinking	machine	.		
"	if	-PRON-	know	the	arrangement	of	-PRON-	office	,	-PRON-	would	see	how	utterly	impossible	that	would	be	,	because	"	"	nothing	be	impossible	,	mr.	grayson	,	"	snap	the	scientist	abruptly	.		
"	-PRON-	understand	,	miss	winthrop	,	"	-PRON-	say	at	last	.		
-PRON-	plan	become	know	to	other	almost	by	the	time	-PRON-	have	perfect	-PRON-	.		
"	then	miss	winthrop	do	,	"	declare	the	think	machine	finally	,	positively	;	"	unless	-PRON-	credit	the	opposition	,	as	-PRON-	call	-PRON-	,	with	telepathic	gift	hitherto	unheard	of	.		
"	read	the	paper	-PRON-	give	-PRON-	,	mr.	grayson	,	"	direct	the	thinking	machine	coldly	.		
-PRON-	be	heartily	ashamed	of	-PRON-	all	,	because	the	investigation	prove	-PRON-	absolute	loyalty	to	-PRON-	.		
the	thinking	machine	stand	star	at	-PRON-	aggressively	,	as	-PRON-	open	the	envelope	and	draw	out	the	sheet	of	paper	.		
bring	-PRON-	along	and	meet	-PRON-	in	the	room	on	the	top	floor	where	the	telephone	be	at	precisely	fifteen	minute	before	one	o'clock	today	.	"		
demand	the	thinking	machine	.		
"	-PRON-	have	get	-PRON-	,	"	-PRON-	announce	briefly	.		
reply	the	scientist	irritably	.		
-PRON-	broker	do	not	know	of	-PRON-	;	miss	winthrop	never	hear	of	-PRON-	until	twenty	minute	before	the	stock	exchange	open	for	business	.		
"	be	-PRON-	sure	?	"		
"	million	!	"		
the	scientist	turn	suddenly	toward	grayson	,	who	have	witness	the	incident	with	frank	astonishment	in	-PRON-	eye	.		
-PRON-	hang	up	the	receiver	,	pause	for	a	moment	to	admire	an	exquisitely	wrought	silver	boxa	"	vanity	"	boxon	miss	winthrop	's	desk	,	beside	the	telephone	,	then	take	a	seat	beside	grayson	and	begin	to	discourse	almost	pleasantly	upon	the	prevail	meteorological	condition	.		
"	but	here	be	something	-PRON-	must	do	today	.		
-PRON-	do	not	know	how	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	,	of	course	;	but	-PRON-	understand	that	-PRON-	do	do	-PRON-	,	so	"	-PRON-	step	to	the	door	and	open	-PRON-	with	grave	courtesy	.		
the	thinking	machine	fumble	with	some	key	,	then	open	the	way	.		
"	-PRON-	finish	the	letter	,	then	remain	quietly	at	-PRON-	desk	,	read	a	book	.		
-PRON-	be	beyond	all	ordinary	thing	,	professor	.		
the	girl	rise	from	-PRON-	desk	,	and	a	flash	of	some	subtle	emotion	pass	over	-PRON-	face	.		
repeat	grayson	.		
hatch	do	not	know	what	be	happen	,	but	-PRON-	be	interested	.		
instead	of	sit	,	however	,	the	thinking	machine	go	straight	to	miss	winthrop	and	extend	a	seal	envelop	to	-PRON-	.		
miss	winthrop	make	no	pleamerely	bow	and	go	out	.		
"	what	kind	?	"		
-PRON-	go	on	after	a	moment	.		
"	-PRON-	be	all	right	,	"	-PRON-	say	.		
van	dusen	,	distinguished	scientist	,	and	hutchinson	hatch	,	newspaper	reporter	,	be	poke	round	among	the	chimney	pot	and	other	obstruction	on	the	roof	of	a	skyscraper	.		
"	of	course	!		
"	briefly	,	there	be	a	leak	in	-PRON-	office	.		
the	last	one	leave	-PRON-	at	ten	minute	of	ten	.	"		
a	few	minute	later	the	eminent	financier	usher	the	eminent	scientist	into	-PRON-	private	office	on	the	street	.		
at	one	o'clock	,	"	the	scientist	go	on	,	"	-PRON-	must	issue	order	for	a	gigantic	deal	of	some	sort	;	and	-PRON-	must	issue	-PRON-	precisely	as	-PRON-	have	issue	-PRON-	in	the	past	;	there	must	be	no	variation	.		
grayson	ask	a	dozen	question	,	answer	to	which	be	curtly	deny	,	then	go	to	-PRON-	office	.		
-PRON-	pause	at	a	window	,	and	for	minute	after	minute	stand	motionless	there	,	with	eye	narrow	to	mere	slit	.		
"	ah	!	"		
"	but	when	-PRON-	finish	the	letter	,	-PRON-	go	out	?	"		
the	operator	glance	about	in	astonishment	.		
hatch	draw	up	a	chair	and	roll	off	several	line	of	the	immortal	practice	sentence	,	beginning	,	"	now	be	the	time	for	all	good	man	"	the	thinking	machine	sit	beside	-PRON-	,	squint	across	the	room	in	deep	abstraction	,	and	listen	intently	.		
while	grayson	sit	with	deeply	perplexed	line	in	-PRON-	face	,	the	diminutive	scientist	call	upon	hutchinson	hatch	at	-PRON-	office	.		
considerably	later	in	the	day	the	thinking	machine	call	grayson	to	the	telephone	again	.		
"	-PRON-	mean	that	the	deal	must	be	purely	imaginative	?	"		
the	thinking	machine	sit	silent	for	so	long	that	grayson	begin	to	fidget	in	-PRON-	chair	.		
grayson	mention	the	name	of	a	wellknown	jeweler	.		
"	well	,	who	be	in	-PRON-	confidence	?	"		
-PRON-	lip	be	set	sternly	.		
but	-PRON-	plan	become	know	,	and	when	-PRON-	begin	to	unload	everything	be	snap	up	by	the	opposition	,	with	the	result	that	instead	of	gain	control	of	the	road	-PRON-	lose	heavily	.		
"	except	-PRON-	stenographer	,	"	correct	the	scientist	.		
do	the	same	man	,	the	same	clique	,	appear	against	-PRON-	all	the	time	,	or	be	-PRON-	only	one	man	?	"		
-PRON-	demand	.		
above	,	the	infinite	blackness	hang	like	a	veil	,	with	starpoint	break	through	here	and	there	.		
what	could	-PRON-	do	?	"		
the	thinking	machine	turn	to	grayson	.		
"	write	something	on	-PRON-	,	"	-PRON-	direct	hatch	.		
"	who	be	-PRON-	,	please	?	"		
the	thinking	machine	stand	impatiently	look	on	,	watch	in	hand	.		
"	no	,	"	reply	the	financier	grimly	.		
-PRON-	trust	-PRON-	absolutely	.	"		
exclaim	grayson	,	"	-PRON-	can	not	believe	-PRON-	!	"		
"	honest	?	"		
faint	cobwebby	line	begin	to	appear	on	the	domelike	brow	of	the	scientist	,	and	slowly	the	squint	eye	be	narrow	.		
"	-PRON-	would	not	be	safe	,	"	-PRON-	say	at	last	,	"	to	leave	the	wire	expose	as	-PRON-	have	leave	-PRON-	.		
"	certainlyof	course	.	"		
so	-PRON-	come	about	that	grayson	do	not	go	to	-PRON-	office	on	the	following	morning	at	the	usual	time	.		
"	-PRON-	leave	positively	nothing	undo	to	insure	absolute	secrecy	.		
the	room	be	still	unfurnish	,	save	for	the	telephone	box	on	the	wall	.		
from	far	below	come	the	faint	echo	of	a	man	's	footstep	as	the	watchman	pass	through	the	silent	,	deserted	building	.		
but	now	-PRON-	be	different	.		
"	drop	in	behind	here	,	"	mr.	birnes	remark	crisply	to	malone	,	without	look	around	.		
-PRON-	have	to	come	.	"		
-PRON-	be	just	get	a	couple	of	handout	an	'	-PRON-	pass	one	to	-PRON-	,	an	'	-PRON-	git	to	talkin	'	.		
again	-PRON-	face	the	tramp	:	 	"	haney	,	do	-PRON-	know	how	much	the	diamond	-PRON-	have	be	worth	?	"		
.		
mr.	birnes	could	not	say	.		
-PRON-	wave	-PRON-	hand	vaguely	to	the	right	,	in	accordance	with	the	direction	of	red	haney	.		
"	the	very	type	of	man	who	would	scrimp	and	starve	to	put	all	-PRON-	money	in	something	like	diamond	,	"	muse	chief	arkwright	.		
in	another	half	an	hour	the	little	bell	over	-PRON-	desk	should	ring	.		
mechanically	mr.	czenki	place	the	three	sphere	and	the	replica	in	an	orderly	little	row	on	the	table	in	front	of	-PRON-	and	the	uncut	stone	beside	themsix	,	seven	,	eight	million	dollar	'	worth	of	diamond	.		
"	no	.	"		
demand	chief	arkwright	with	cold	finality	.		
-PRON-	have	creep	down	the	stair	noiselessly	,	and	stand	beside	-PRON-	before	-PRON-	be	aware	of	-PRON-	presence	.		
how	long	have	-PRON-	live	there	?		
"	then	what	become	of	-PRON-	?	"		
"	well	,	-PRON-	put	the	proposition	to	-PRON-	,	"	haney	continue	circumstantially	,	"	an	'	-PRON-	fall	for	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	remember	mr.	schultze	say	something	about	.		
-PRON-	be	only	by	a	supreme	effort	that	-PRON-	hold	-PRON-	in	control	;	and	the	lean	,	scar	face	be	work	strangely	.		
absurd	!		
-PRON-	turn	fiercely	upon	mr.	wynne	.		
kellner	?	"		
"	-PRON-	dare	say	the	suite	just	above	be	habitable	,	and	the	maid	be	at	-PRON-	service	.	"		
"	of	course	,	"	the	detective	resume	,	"	the	whole	investigation	center	about	this	man	wynne	.		
every	man	at	the	table	arise	and	crowd	about	mr.	czenki	,	who	hold	a	flamelike	sphere	in	-PRON-	outstretched	palm	for	-PRON-	inspection	.		
haney	return	the	gaze	dully	for	an	instant	,	then	suddenly	-PRON-	nod	-PRON-	head	.		
mr.	wynne	even	nod	in	a	friendly	sort	of	way	as	-PRON-	attach	the	second	strip	of	tissue	to	the	leg	of	another	bird	.		
"	in	the	first	place	,	"	resume	mr.	wynne	,	as	if	there	have	be	no	interruption	,	"	mr.	kellner	here	"	"	do	not	!	"		
-PRON-	have	be	able	to	locate	some	diamond	,	but	-PRON-	be	necessary	to	know	something	of	the	quantity	of	those	-PRON-	mention	.		
"	and	this	!	"		
"	sid	down	und	draw	a	long	breath	,	und	den	dell	mr.	laadham	here	somed	aboud	diamond	.	"		
-PRON-	ask	.		
"	-PRON-	must	know	.		
"	certainly	.		
here	be	a	long	line	of	cab	draw	up	beside	the	curb	,	some	twenty	or	thirty	in	all	.		
red	haney	be	submit	to	the	"	third	degree	.	"		
"	-PRON-	demonstrate	this	much	by	the	close	watch	-PRON-	have	keep	of	mr.	wynne	,	"	the	detective	go	on	,	there	be	no	response	to	-PRON-	questioning	look	at	mr.	schultze	.		
think	of	-PRON-	!	"		
sutton	be	lean	against	an	electriclight	pole	,	half	a	block	away	;	claflin	be	half	a	block	off	in	the	other	direction	,	in	casual	conversation	with	a	policeman	.		
in	a	couple	of	hour	,	now	,	-PRON-	shall	be	get	an	answer	.		
"	and	-PRON-	eye	?	"		
-PRON-	have	reason	,	too	,	to	believe	that	-PRON-	be	not	act	for	-PRON-	alone	.		
-PRON-	will	bind	-PRON-	to	secrecy	,	as	-PRON-	must	;	-PRON-	will	guarantee	that	no	stone	from	the	same	source	be	ever	offer	in	the	market	or	privately	,	while	-PRON-	gentleman	,	"	and	-PRON-	manner	be	emphatically	deliberate	,	"	purchase	from	-PRON-	at	onehalf	the	carat	price	-PRON-	now	pay	one	hundred	million	dollar	'	worth	of	diamond	!	"	-PRON-	pause	.		
"	-PRON-	have	have	two	man	constantly	on	watch	at	-PRON-	office	,	day	and	night	,	and	two	other	constantly	on	watch	at	-PRON-	home	,	day	and	night	.		
"	wait	a	minute	,	-PRON-	dear	girl	just	a	minute	.	"		
"	but	-PRON-	be	preposterous	on	the	face	of	-PRON-	,	be	not	-PRON-	?		
whoever	hear	of	a	diamond	as	big	as	the	kohinoor	,	or	the	regent	,	or	the	orloff	be	make	?		
"	whose	diamond	be	-PRON-	?	"		
"	think	of	the	mind	that	achieve	-PRON-	,	man	!	"		
mr.	birnes	 	readily	understand	this	much	,	yet	there	be	a	chancea	bare	chancethat	-PRON-	may	trace	the	girl	on	the	'	l	,	'	in	which	caseanyway	,	-PRON-	be	worth	try	.		
-PRON-	lean	over	,	pick	up	a	handful	from	the	heap	and	replace	-PRON-	in	the	leather	bag	.		
"	yep	.		
in	the	seclusion	of	-PRON-	home	in	thirtyseventh	street	,	mr.	wynne	read	the	story	with	puckered	brow	,	then	reread	-PRON-	,	after	which	-PRON-	pace	back	and	forth	across	-PRON-	room	in	troubled	thought	for	an	hour	or	more	.		
"	why	have	-PRON-	be	watch	?	"		
"	-PRON-	be	william	johns	?	"		
"	-PRON-	do	not	know	-PRON-	,	boss	.	"		
then	,	unless	-PRON-	can	find	a	way	for	-PRON-	to	go	together	safely	,	-PRON-	will	throw	everything	aside	and	go	anyway	.		
the	workman	watch	the	snowwhite	speck	until	-PRON-	be	lose	against	the	blue	sky	,	then	return	to	-PRON-	labor	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	understand	"	"	-PRON-	understand	-PRON-	all	,	"	-PRON-	break	in	.		
"	-PRON-	don'd	d'ink	-PRON-	vould	yust	blace	-PRON-	hand	on	dem	,	"	mr.	schultze	advise	.		
-PRON-	be	tall	and	rather	slender	,	alert	of	eye	,	graceful	of	person	;	perfectly	selfpossess	and	sure	of	-PRON-	,	yet	without	one	trace	of	egotism	in	manner	or	appearancea	fair	type	of	the	brisk	,	courteous	young	business	man	of	new	york	.		
a	minute	passedtwo	,	four	,	fiveand	mr.	wynne	stand	as	-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	,	then	-PRON-	open	the	front	door	and	step	out	.		
do	-PRON-	own	the	house	?		
mr.	birnes	'	hopeful	finger	fish	-PRON-	out	.		
"	so	-PRON-	should	not	have	come	?	"		
-PRON-	drop	into	a	chair	near	the	door	.		
query	mr.	sutton	triumphantly	.		
"	yes	,	-PRON-	understand	,	"	say	mr.	czenki	impatiently	.		
there	be	a	question	in	-PRON-	face	as	-PRON-	regard	mr.	czenki	.		
-PRON-	stop	,	glare	at	-PRON-	with	scornful	eye	for	an	instant	,	then	run	up	the	stair	again	.		
"	yes	,	"	the	chief	agree	with	a	glance	at	mr.	birnes	.		
-PRON-	follow	-PRON-	with	grim	determination	in	-PRON-	face	.		
the	chief	star	straight	into	the	young	man	's	eye	for	an	instant	,	and	then	:	"	and	mr.	kellner	's	family	?	"		
with	certain	minor	omission	-PRON-	tell	of	the	cab	ride	to	sixtyseventh	street	,	the	trip	across	to	a	downtown	car	,	and	,	as	a	matter	of	convincing	circumstantial	detail	,	add	the	incident	of	the	empty	gripsack	.		
"	why	do	-PRON-	come	here	?	"		
-PRON-	give	-PRON-	a	lot	o	'	booze	for	-PRON-	,	an	'	-PRON-	guess	-PRON-	git	considerable	light	up	,	an	'	-PRON-	also	give	-PRON-	some	money	to	pay	ferry	fare	,	an	'	the	next	thing	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	be	nab	over	in	the	hockshop	.		
"	if	-PRON-	will	give	-PRON-	just	a	little	while	then	perhapsperhap	-PRON-	may	go	with	-PRON-	.		
"	-PRON-	be	worth	half	a	million	dollar	if	-PRON-	be	worth	a	cent	!	"		
mr.	wynne	resume	questioningly	.		
"	well	,	yesblack	.	"		
the	huge	german	nod	-PRON-	head	vigorously	,	with	sparkling	eye	.		
-PRON-	glance	up	,	arise	,	and	go	up	the	three	flight	of	stair	to	the	roof	.		
"	something	like	fifty	thousand	dollar	,	"	mr.	birnes	inform	-PRON-	impressively	;	"	and	if	-PRON-	get	fifty	thousand	dollar	for	-PRON-	share	the	other	man	get	a	million	.	"		
-PRON-	call	back	to	mr.	reid	to	search	for	what	-PRON-	have	lose	.		
dunston	object	because	-PRON-	be	an	egotistical	young	man	and	,	be	young	,	be	foolish	.		
-PRON-	return	after	a	moment	with	the	mirror	.		
one	look	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	would	be	useless	to	try	to	scale	the	wall	,	even	should	-PRON-	decide	to	leave	-PRON-	cell	by	the	window	,	for	-PRON-	purpose	be	to	leave	not	only	the	cell	,	but	the	prison	.		
flesh	tint	be	daringly	lay	on	the	seminude	figure	,	diaphanous	drapery	hide	,	yet	,	reveal	,	the	exquisite	line	of	the	body	.		
just	when	-PRON-	reach	the	luminous	phantom	-PRON-	dispose	of	-PRON-	for	all	time	by	smash	-PRON-	with	a	hammer	.		
-PRON-	merely	glance	at	the	paper	.		
"	do	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	have	get	enough	to	get	to	the	inn	?	"		
the	guard	go	as	direct	,	while	dr.	ransome	and	mr.		
"	suicide	,	"	be	the	reply	.		
here	,	after	a	comprehensive	squint	at	the	landscape	,	the	thinking	machine	enter	and	for	half	an	hour	question	three	waiter	there	.		
-PRON-	would	stand	at	-PRON-	window	for	hour	gaze	out	,	so	the	guard	could	see	,	and	occasionally	-PRON-	speak	to	-PRON-	.		
curtis	shudder	a	little	.		
-PRON-	glare	down	at	jean	fiercely	.		
"	fifteen	thousand	a	year	,	"	say	the	reporter	.		
-PRON-	could	only	conjecture	that	this	have	to	do	with	preston	bell	.		
"	dear	-PRON-	,	dear	-PRON-	,	"	exclaim	the	scientist	.		
-PRON-	have	be	closely	associate	with	-PRON-	for	several	month	,	and	-PRON-	will	not	believe	that	-PRON-	could	have	have	anything	to	do	with	this	affair	,	although	-PRON-	know	positively	that	-PRON-	be	in	need	of	a	large	sum	of	moneyninety	thousand	dollarsbecause	-PRON-	personal	fortune	be	in	danger	.		
"	-PRON-	can	not	let	-PRON-	go	now	without	arraignment	,	"	the	detective	growl	.		
-PRON-	be	logic	.	"		
"	now	,	mr.	mallory	,	"	say	the	scientist	,	"	-PRON-	shall	try	to	make	this	matter	as	clear	to	-PRON-	as	-PRON-	be	to	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	run	,	and	as	-PRON-	run	-PRON-	hear	the	ghost	alaugh	at	-PRON-	.	"		
"	how	far	?	"		
"	what	be	the	matter	?	"		
the	jet	from	which	the	tip	come	be	just	on	a	level	with	-PRON-	shoulder	,	set	between	a	dressing	table	and	a	window	.		
"	-PRON-	would	seem	from	that	,	"	say	ernest	weston	,	at	last	,	"	that	the	jewel	be	hide	before	the	tragedy	,	and	have	never	be	find	.	"		
-PRON-	ask	.		
that	be	all	-PRON-	can	say	now	.	"		
what	sleep	-PRON-	get	be	in	daytime	.		
"	be	-PRON-	in	love	with	-PRON-	?	"		
and	with	a	sudden	sweep	of	-PRON-	hand	-PRON-	upset	a	heavy	chair	.		
-PRON-	believe	-PRON-	be	tailormade	.		
there	be	one	thing	on	earth	-PRON-	be	afraid	ofa	woman	.		
"	thank	youthat	be	all	,	"	say	the	thinking	machine	.		
"	-PRON-	merely	make	a	fool	of	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	,	"	reply	the	actress	,	with	spirit	,	speak	to	curtis	.		
"	-PRON-	be	do	because	henley	have	firmly	bar	-PRON-	,	"	hatch	explain	.		
slowly	the	glimmer	of	amusement	be	pass	out	of	the	squint	eye	of	the	thinking	machine	;	as	hatch	look	-PRON-	see	a	hardening	of	the	line	of	the	mouth	.		
-PRON-	be	twentyseven	.		
for	fifteen	minute	hatch	silently	look	on	as	the	thinking	machine	work	over	the	unconscious	man	.		
-PRON-	occur	to	the	warden	for	the	first	time	that	-PRON-	prisoner	appear	haggard	and	weary	.		
"	to	a	doctor	,	"	reply	hatch	.		
"	becausewell	,	because	"	-PRON-	falter	,	flush	and	stop	.		
miss	stanford	be	in	.		
-PRON-	say	-PRON-	would	.		
"	french	,	be	not	-PRON-	?	"		
"	can	not	-PRON-	go	down	with	-PRON-	tonight	?	"		
west	be	dispose	of	the	last	bundle	when	miss	clarkelouise	clarkeprivate	secretary	to	president	fraser	,	come	out	of	-PRON-	office	with	a	long	envelope	in	-PRON-	hand	.		
-PRON-	star	at	the	two	man	with	unseeing	eye	,	and	in	-PRON-	be	unutterable	terror	.		
-PRON-	be	charming	to	be	scold	by	miss	melrose	,	so	much	so	in	fact	that	-PRON-	be	worth	while	sin	again	.		
fielding	shortly	after	seven	o'clock	.		
-PRON-	smash	one	of	the	window	and	go	through	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	disappear	and	return	shortly	with	the	handkerchief	.		
"	yes	.		
the	subtler	murdersthat	be	,	the	one	which	be	most	attractive	as	problemsare	nearly	always	the	work	of	a	cunning	woman	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	know	,	"	-PRON-	confess	.		
but	-PRON-	look	,	look	,	with	every	sense	alert	.		
"	identical	,	so	far	as	-PRON-	can	see	.	"		
this	telegram	be	sign	'	preston	bell	,	cashier	.	'		
"	no	,	-PRON-	do	not	believe	so	.	"		
"	-PRON-	could	not	do	that	on	fifteen	thousand	dollar	a	year	,	"	muse	the	scientist	.		
"	of	course	-PRON-	would	have	be	impossible	for	"	"	nothing	be	impossible	,	"	say	the	other	,	tartly	.		
-PRON-	have	regain	possession	of	-PRON-	to	a	certain	extent	.		
what	-PRON-	say	in	the	note	be	not	exaggerated	.	"		
"	-PRON-	be	go	to	make	a	request	,	mr.	mallory	,	"	say	the	thinking	machine	.		
van	dusenthe	thinking	machine	.		
for	on	this	fifth	day	-PRON-	fling	down	another	linen	note	to	the	outside	guard	,	bear	the	word	:	"	only	two	day	more	.	"		
-PRON-	enter	the	house	through	the	kitchen	and	the	scientist	squint	this	way	and	that	,	through	the	receptionroom	,	the	library	,	and	finally	the	back	hallway	.		
-PRON-	knewthe	pure	logic	of	-PRON-	tell	mehow	the	ghost	be	make	to	appear	and	disappear	;	one	look	at	the	house	inside	convince	-PRON-	beyond	all	doubt	.		
therefore	-PRON-	would	have	be	impossible	for	anyone	to	peep	through	the	keyhole	.		
-PRON-	smell	of	book	and	damp	wood	.		
"	no	,	"	hatch	have	to	admit	.		
-PRON-	revolver	lie	beside	-PRON-	with	all	the	cartridge	out	.		
-PRON-	run	twenty	step	,	then	stumble	and	fall	.		
"	and	last	,	dunston	,	"	resume	the	thinking	machine	,	and	-PRON-	point	dramatically	at	the	receive	teller	.		
"	why	be	the	door	smash	in	?	"		
"	have	-PRON-	faint	?	"		
"	from	the	beginning	,	every	fact	-PRON-	know	,	"	-PRON-	have	request	.		
"	no	engineer	would	dare	go	to	sleep	.		
"	-PRON-	be	a	lie	!	"		
"	-PRON-	be	anxious	to	get	the	warden	into	the	habit	of	search	-PRON-	cell	,	so	that	finally	,	constantly	find	nothing	,	-PRON-	would	get	disgust	and	quit	.		
"	both	gas	and	electricity	be	include	in	the	rent	of	the	suite	.		
curtis	be	lead	away	and	lock	up	.		
then	come	west	,	dunston	,	miss	clarke	,	miss	willis	and	charles	burton	,	a	clerk	whose	engagement	to	the	pretty	miss	willis	have	be	recently	announce	.		
