-PRON-	seem	to	-PRON-	-PRON-	can	work	together	.	"		
lord	love	ye	,	-PRON-	be	an	old	friend	o	'	mine	.		
remember	?	"		
ask	grandfather	nat	.		
mrs.	grimes	screw	-PRON-	red	nose	at	the	woman	before	-PRON-	,	jerk	up	-PRON-	crushed	bonnet	,	and	pluck	-PRON-	rusty	skirt	across	-PRON-	knee	with	the	proper	virtuous	twitch	.		
-PRON-	still	fail	to	understand	the	method	of	-PRON-	arrival	.		
"	where	be	-PRON-	?	"		
viney	swear	,	and	drop	-PRON-	other	hand	.		
"	-PRON-	be	a	stranger	lately	.		
ah	,	-PRON-	know	,	-PRON-	do	!	"		
-PRON-	amount	to	this	.		
-PRON-	be	what	-PRON-	may	call	the	universal	topic	in	neighbourin	'	circle	,	an	'	a	gen'ral	subjick	o	'	local	discussion	.		
the	sun	sink	below	london	,	and	night	come	slow	and	black	over	the	marsh	and	the	cop	.		
the	talk	in	the	bar	go	on	,	be	almost	entirely	the	talk	of	mr.	cripps	;	who	value	-PRON-	on	the	unwonted	importance	-PRON-	news	give	-PRON-	,	and	aim	at	increase	-PRON-	by	say	the	same	thing	a	great	many	time	;	by	say	-PRON-	,	too	,	when	-PRON-	could	,	in	term	and	phrase	that	have	a	strong	flavour	of	the	sunday	paper	.		
mrs.	grimes	's	head	droop	faintly	,	and	-PRON-	eyelid	nearly	closed	.		
-PRON-	tug	at	-PRON-	wrist	to	extort	an	answer	,	and	the	woman	's	face	be	draw	with	fear	.		
maybe	the	mail	's	late	.	"		
-PRON-	be	no	matter	of	scruple	or	compunction	;	of	that	-PRON-	never	dream	.		
then	-PRON-	replace	-PRON-	on	-PRON-	knee	and	rest	-PRON-	fist	on	-PRON-	thigh	,	just	above	where	-PRON-	lie	.		
mrs.	grimes	's	declaration	draw	a	growling	answer	in	a	man	's	voice	,	wholly	indistinct	;	and	-PRON-	find	a	patch	in	the	canvas	,	with	a	loose	corner	,	which	afford	a	peephole	.		
another	pair	o	'	door	just	over	there	,	an	'	the	bar	bring	round	like	so	,	an	'	that	for	bottle	an	'	jug	,	and	throw	the	rest	into	public	bar	.		
-PRON-	be	on'y	do	the	friendly	,	that	be	all	;	bein	'	a	old	pal	.		
scream	still	,	with	a	grow	hoarseness	,	and	writhe	where	-PRON-	lie	,	the	blind	wretch	scratch	helplessly	at	the	reek	lime	that	scorch	-PRON-	skin	and	sear	-PRON-	eye	almost	to	the	brain	.		
up	and	over	the	bank	,	and	down	on	the	side	next	the	river	,	-PRON-	go	so	boldly	that	one	at	a	distance	would	never	have	guess	-PRON-	blind	;	for	on	any	plain	road	-PRON-	have	once	traverse	-PRON-	be	never	at	fault	;	and	-PRON-	turn	with	such	readiness	at	the	proper	spot	,	and	so	easily	pick	-PRON-	way	to	the	shed	,	that	dan	have	scarce	more	warning	than	could	bring	-PRON-	as	far	as	the	door	,	where	-PRON-	meet	.		
-PRON-	will	give	'	-PRON-	be	honest	an	'	grateful	!	"		
tell	'	-PRON-	be	tonight	.		
-PRON-	sing	out	.		
"	will	ye	tell	'	-PRON-	be	,	then	?		
ever	see	-PRON-	before	?	"		
grimes	come	run	in	shirt	and	trouser	,	and	,	as	soon	as	-PRON-	could	find	how	matter	stand	,	turn	and	run	again	for	oil	.		
-PRON-	cry	,	"	there	be	a	toff	somewhere	near	,	-PRON-	can	tell	by	the	sound	of	-PRON-	money	!		
but	-PRON-	be	half	for	-PRON-	,	mind	ye	.		
-PRON-	say	,	in	a	low	voice	,	draw	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	side	.		
out	with	-PRON-	!	"		
presently	-PRON-	get	up	again	,	and	look	out	over	the	river	.		
'	e	can	not	come	to	-PRON-	because	o	'	showin	'	'	isself	.		
"	nonot	to	say	dear	,	seein	'	'	ow	price	be	up	.		
for	a	moment	musky	mag	disbelieve	eye	and	ear	together	.		
how	long	would	a	man	last	,	that	have	both	-PRON-	eye	to	see	with	,	eh	?	"		
but	see	now	,	stevy	,	see	;	as	to	go	away	,	now	.		
-PRON-	be	afraid	-PRON-	may	be	go	now	;	but	if	-PRON-	would	'	a	'	ad	the	money	"	a	noise	of	trample	and	singing	without	near	the	door	,	and	with	a	bang	and	a	stagger	a	party	of	fresh	customer	burst	in	and	sweep	mr.	cripps	out	of	-PRON-	exposition	.		
the	blow	on	the	head	may	have	be	cause	by	an	accident	on	the	riverside	,	or	-PRON-	may	have	be	inflict	wilfully	by	an	assailant	.		
reassured	,	as	-PRON-	seem	,	by	what	-PRON-	see	of	the	company	present	,	-PRON-	come	boldly	in	,	and	call	for	a	drink	with	an	elaborate	air	of	unconcern	.		
"	look	as	though	the	money	be	not	-PRON-	,	do	not	-PRON-	?	"		
"	love	ye	,	cap'en	,	why	,	-PRON-	do	not	mean	that	!		
well	,	-PRON-	know	that	;	an	'	not	play	no	trick	.		
mrs.	grimes	's	face	be	blank	with	wonder	and	doubt	,	but	in	-PRON-	eye	there	be	a	grow	and	harden	suspicion	.		
which	remind	-PRON-	,	speakin	'	of	'	andsome	thing	.		
-PRON-	will	'	ave	sich	a	sign	as'll	attract	the	'	ole	artistic	feelin	'	of	wapp	an	'	surroundin	'	districk	of	the	metropolis	,	-PRON-	assure	-PRON-	.		
"	yes	,	"	reply	viney	,	now	a	little	more	-PRON-	.		
chapter	viii	stephen	's	tale	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	quite	true	that	one	may	eat	the	loose	sugar	wherever	-PRON-	judge	-PRON-	clean	enougha	most	of	-PRON-	be	.		
"	when	-PRON-	get	-PRON-	,	"	-PRON-	grandfather	reply	with	a	chuckle	,	"	anything	may	happen	without	surprisin	'	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	think	-PRON-	should	catch	cold	,	and	perhaps	tumble	overboard	,	if	-PRON-	have	a	bad	dream	;	and	-PRON-	say	so	.		
'	ope	-PRON-	do	not	'	urt	ye	!		
-PRON-	go	grin	and	curse	up	the	passage	and	so	toward	the	bridge	,	without	another	word	or	look	.		
nobody	be	there	,	and	nobody	be	in	the	bar	.		
for	a	moment	mr.	cripps	's	countenance	fall	;	truly	-PRON-	would	have	be	more	impose	to	have	jump	over	the	bar	.		
indeed	that	disaster	be	very	freely	speak	of	,	all	along	the	waterside	,	as	a	deliberate	scuttling	,	and	-PRON-	be	feel	that	captain	nat	could	lay	-PRON-	bereavement	to	something	bad	than	the	fair	chance	of	the	sea	.		
and	there	be	two	other	,	regular	frequenter	both	.		
-PRON-	get	to	frighten	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	boyan	'	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	,	too	.	"		
clearer	against	a	faint	patch	,	which	have	be	white	with	lime	in	daylight	,	the	figure	grow	to	that	of	a	man	;	a	man	move	in	that	murky	darkness	with	an	amazing	facility	,	address	,	and	quietness	.		
-PRON-	query	.		
-PRON-	nod	gravely	.		
so	-PRON-	say	very	little	,	except	that	viney	may	come	and	make	any	proposal	-PRON-	please	;	hop	for	some	chancecome	expedient	whereby	-PRON-	may	screw	out	a	little	on	account	.		
"	ahoy	!	"		
-PRON-	repeat	;	"	cap'en	nat	kemp	's	get	'	-PRON-	.	"		
and	if	-PRON-	would	like	something	on	account	to	buy	the	board	for	the	signor	say	two	board	if	-PRON-	likewe'll	see	about	-PRON-	after	dinner	.	"		
and	pawnshop	,	slopshop	,	tobaccoshopsevery	shop	almosthad	somewhere	in	-PRON-	window	a	selection	of	those	curiosity	that	sailor	make	abroad	and	bring	home	:	little	shipmodel	mysteriously	erect	inside	bottle	,	shell	,	albatross	head	,	sawfish	snout	,	and	bottle	full	of	sand	of	different	colour	,	ingeniously	pack	so	as	to	present	a	figure	or	a	picture	when	view	from	without	.		
as	for	that	artist	,	-PRON-	attain	-PRON-	dinner	,	and	a	few	shilling	under	the	name	of	advance	;	and	so	be	well	pleased	with	-PRON-	morning	's	work	.		
where	be	-PRON-	?	"		
while	dan	ogle	remain	undisturbed	,	and	justice	be	balk	for	a	while	;	for	-PRON-	turn	out	in	the	end	that	when	the	police	suspect	dan	ogle	-PRON-	be	right	,	and	when	-PRON-	go	to	other	conjecture	-PRON-	be	wrong	.		
true	,	-PRON-	have	see	very	little	of	-PRON-	father	,	but	when	-PRON-	be	at	home	-PRON-	be	always	as	kind	to	-PRON-	as	grandfather	nat	-PRON-	,	and	lead	-PRON-	about	with	-PRON-	everywhere	;	and	last	voyage	-PRON-	have	bring	-PRON-	a	little	boomerang	,	and	only	laugh	when	-PRON-	hove	-PRON-	through	a	window	that	cost	-PRON-	three	shilling	.		
grandfather	nat	have	business	in	the	minories	in	the	matter	of	a	distiller	's	account	;	and	for	this	reason	diver	injunction	,	stipulation	,	and	warning	be	enter	into	and	lay	upon	mr.	cripps	before	-PRON-	departure	.		
"	do	not	see	-PRON-	?		
then	-PRON-	look	up	,	-PRON-	face	stern	and	hard	beyond	the	common	:	and	-PRON-	be	a	stern	face	at	good	.		
"	no	,	haven't	see	-PRON-	for	month	.		
"	when	-PRON-	be	a	boy	.		
so	-PRON-	havewith	a	knife	up	-PRON-	sleeve	.		
"	yes	.	"		
-PRON-	say	.		
do	not	waste	timethey're	turn	-PRON-	over	-PRON-	.		
then	-PRON-	ask	suddenly	,	"	where	be	this	blind	chap	?		
but	presently	-PRON-	tired	of	-PRON-	,	and	climb	the	step	to	read	the	bill	describe	the	people	who	have	be	find	drown	.		
what	'	ud	-PRON-	be	dispose	to	give	for	-PRON-	now	?	"		
-PRON-	would	seem	that	the	chief	business	of	the	"	avalanche	bicycle	and	tyre	company	,	limited	,	"	be	the	attaching	of	label	to	previously	nondescript	machine	.		
moreover	,	the	window	now	find	unfastened	and	shut	be	always	leave	open	a	foot	or	so	all	day	,	to	air	the	bedroom	.		
"	very	well	,	then	,	make	-PRON-	as	comfortable	as	-PRON-	can	,	and	give	-PRON-	some	of	-PRON-	very	good	coffee	.		
-PRON-	will	come	.	"		
the	room	have	never	be	a	very	large	one	,	and	now	a	partition	divide	-PRON-	in	two	,	leave	a	passage	at	one	side	only	,	by	the	window	.		
-PRON-	trust	that	dorrington	would	be	as	comfortable	in	-PRON-	half	of	the	transaction	,	bear	-PRON-	responsibility	and	trouble	.		
dorrington	pull	out	a	drawer	just	below	where	the	box	stand	,	and	take	from	-PRON-	another	white	wood	box	.		
and	besides	-PRON-	be	not	sure	that	mrs.	hamer	will	not	attend	to	-PRON-	punishment	faithfully	enough	.	"		
shall	-PRON-	bile	-PRON-	now	?	"		
"	what	!	"		
the	paving	be	of	rough	cobble	stone	,	deep	in	mud	.		
"	why	not	come	?		
-PRON-	say	that	-PRON-	think	that	as	-PRON-	be	'	only	mr.	richard	'	-PRON-	do	not	matter	.		
-PRON-	have	no	money	,	or	-PRON-	should	have	some	.		
because	the	great	sword	have	a	soul	just	as	a	man	have	,	and	-PRON-	know	and	the	god	know	!		
so	the	gold	and	silver	stand	in	-PRON-	case	,	to	the	blink	wonderment	of	messenger	and	porter	whose	errand	take	-PRON-	into	mr.	loftus	deacon	's	sittingroom	.		
where	be	-PRON-	now	?	"		
before	-PRON-	leave	,	however	,	-PRON-	go	to	the	basement	and	inspect	the	ladder	,	the	removal	of	which	have	cause	the	police	so	much	exercise	.		
the	founder	of	the	firm	,	mr.	paul	mallows	,	be	now	the	manage	director	,	and	a	great	pillar	of	the	cycling	industry	.		
-PRON-	have	come	to	take	away	that	diamond	.	"		
hamer	seem	at	first	dispose	to	resent	the	loudness	and	familiarity	of	this	speech	,	but	at	the	reference	to	toothache	-PRON-	start	suddenly	and	set	-PRON-	lip	.		
iii	the	prospectus	of	the	"	avalanche	bicycle	and	tyre	company	"	state	that	the	work	be	at	exeter	and	birmingham	.		
"	-PRON-	murder	mr.	deacon	,	-PRON-	think	,	"	dorrington	reply	,	"	as	-PRON-	fancy	-PRON-	can	explain	to	-PRON-	.		
then	-PRON-	let	that	court	plaster	get	fray	at	the	edge	,	and	-PRON-	still	keep	-PRON-	on	.		
everybody	inside	be	directly	interested	in	gillett	's	success	,	except	the	union	official	and	sparks	,	who	be	a	gentleman	and	quite	above	suspicion	,	as	much	so	,	indeed	,	as	the	union	official	.		
[	illustration	:	"	dorrington	had	a	revolver	in	his	hand	.	"	]		
"	-PRON-	,	"	answer	dorrington	with	perfect	composure	,	"	-PRON-	be	mr.	paul	mallowsyou	may	have	hear	of	-PRON-	in	connection	with	the	'	indestructible	bicycle	company	.	'	"		
"	and	yet	-PRON-	go	to	hatton	garden	every	day	.	"		
a	professional	racing	man	be	employ	to	win	race	and	make	record	,	on	machine	which	have	be	specially	make	by	another	firm	(	perhaps	-PRON-	be	the	'	indestructible	,	'	who	know	?	)		
-PRON-	do	not	seem	a	millionaire	.		
"	suppose	-PRON-	do	not	care	one	solitary	dump	what	become	of	-PRON-	client	?		
as	-PRON-	reach	-PRON-	-PRON-	perceive	a	second	noticeable	thing	.		
-PRON-	employ	a	few	agent	,	and	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	tank	may	come	in	very	handy	from	time	to	time	.		
the	mud	lie	confused	and	trackless	in	most	place	,	though	the	place	where	bouvier	have	be	lie	be	indicate	by	an	appearance	of	sweep	,	cause	,	no	doubt	,	by	-PRON-	wife	drag	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	foot	.		
-PRON-	be	say	that	a	few	people	in	remote	and	benighted	spot	,	where	news	never	come	till	-PRON-	be	in	the	history	book	,	have	apply	for	share	,	but	the	banker	return	-PRON-	money	,	doubtless	to	-PRON-	extreme	disappointment	.		
and	after	a	little	while	-PRON-	add	,	"	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	be	a	little	late	.		
in	the	list	of	director	there	be	a	title	name	or	two	,	together	with	a	few	unknown	namesdoubtless	the	"	practical	man	.	"		
-PRON-	be	a	man	of	infinite	resource	,	plausibility	and	goodcompanionship	,	and	there	be	money	go	in	the	cycle	trade	.		
mighty	fine	thing	!		
where	be	the	diamond	?	"		
-PRON-	be	the	only	shop	in	the	street	,	with	the	exception	of	a	small	coal	and	firewood	shed	at	one	end	,	the	other	building	consist	of	the	side	wall	of	a	factory	,	now	closed	for	the	night	,	and	a	few	tenement	house	.		
if	-PRON-	will	come	with	-PRON-	now	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	shall	give	-PRON-	the	slip	.		
then	greer	say	musingly	,	"	ah	,	a	will	like	that	'	ud	be	a	mighty	fine	thing	!		
the	police	,	of	course	,	know	something	of	-PRON-	,	and	postpone	question	-PRON-	directly	until	-PRON-	have	investigate	a	little	further	.		
a	surgeon	have	arrive	,	and	-PRON-	report	well	of	the	chief	patient	.		
call	-PRON-	-PRON-	do	accordingly	(	the	surgery	be	hard	by	)	,	and	the	doctor	come	.		
several	consideration	induce	-PRON-	to	go	to	naylor	's	room	.		
then	-PRON-	shall	get	the	hallporter	(	if	-PRON-	will	instruct	-PRON-	before	-PRON-	go	)	to	show	-PRON-	the	ladder	and	the	vicinity	of	dowden	's	operation	.		
one	be	a	big	,	heavy	,	vulgarlook	fellow	in	a	boxcloth	coat	,	and	with	a	shaven	face	and	hoarse	voice	;	the	other	be	a	slighter	,	slim	,	young	and	more	gentlemanlike	man	,	though	there	be	a	certain	patchy	colour	about	-PRON-	face	that	seem	to	hint	of	anything	but	teetotalism	.		
"	well	,	-PRON-	be	a	very	great	diamondi	could	not	go	to	the	first	man	and	show	-PRON-	to	sell	.		
the	lobby	be	as	usual	,	and	the	sittingroom	be	in	perfect	order	.		
"	-PRON-	have	not	say	anything	of	the	kind	,	mr.	hamer	,	"	dorrington	reply	,	suavely	.		
in	course	of	a	few	minute	-PRON-	be	bring	,	and	beard	and	the	housekeeper	enter	.		
-PRON-	be	stoppin	'	in	-PRON-	house	,	be	young	mr.		
what	can	-PRON-	do	?		
give	-PRON-	-PRON-	address	at	hatton	garden	.	"		
"	chloroform	be	a	capital	thing	for	toothache	,	mr.	hamer	,	and	forfor	other	thing	.		
dorrington	express	much	interest	in	the	subject	of	bicycling	,	and	,	see	that	stedman	have	be	a	racing	man	,	particularly	as	to	bicycle	race	.		
the	thing	be	in	the	air	,	as	-PRON-	be	now	.		
why	should	-PRON-	give	anything	for	-PRON-	?	"		
-PRON-	be	lie	in	six	inch	of	cold	water	,	and	more	be	pour	down	upon	-PRON-	from	above	.		
the	pace	now	suddenly	increase	.		
-PRON-	live	and	sleep	in	the	house	,	and	be	popularly	suppose	to	be	pay	nothing	at	all	;	though	-PRON-	patronage	of	the	"	ship	and	anchor	,	"	hard	by	,	be	as	frequent	as	may	be	.		
but	-PRON-	get	at	-PRON-	from	the	other	side	.		
but	dorrington	go	farther	,	and	feel	carefully	below	the	linen	till	-PRON-	hand	meet	a	small	,	flat	,	mahogany	box	.		
again	,	why	?		
but	dorrington	slam	the	door	.		
"	-PRON-	agent	be	everywhere	.		
-PRON-	will	not	refuse	,	-PRON-	know	.	"		
"	no	,	there	be	none	.		
"	large	?		
-PRON-	be	a	most	extraordinary	thing	,	but	-PRON-	seem	the	fate	of	almost	every	murderer	,	no	matter	how	cunning	,	to	leave	some	such	damn	piece	of	evidence	about	,	foolish	as	-PRON-	may	seem	afterward	.		
-PRON-	would	rather	not	drink	anything	just	now	,	and	,	although	-PRON-	fear	-PRON-	may	appear	rude	,	-PRON-	can	not	allow	either	of	-PRON-	to	leave	the	room	.		
"	-PRON-	would	not	have	sell	-PRON-	at	any	price	,	-PRON-	be	sure	.		
"	-PRON-	would	rather	that	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	.		
at	place	on	the	wall	,	among	the	kakemono	and	picture	of	the	ukioyé	,	be	trophy	of	arm	.		
the	letter	of	introduction	have	be	burn	,	since	dorrington	have	only	ask	for	-PRON-	in	order	to	get	hamer	's	name	and	the	hatton	garden	address	without	betray	to	bouvier	the	fact	that	-PRON-	do	not	already	know	all	about	-PRON-	.		
"	why	,	-PRON-	be	in	all	the	newspaper	!	"		
-PRON-	shut	the	part	,	and	the	joint	,	of	irregular	outline	,	fall	into	the	depth	of	the	fold	,	and	vanish	as	if	by	magic	.		
the	case	of	mr	.	loftus	deacon	v	the	case	of	mr.	loftus	deacon	i	this	be	a	case	that	help	to	give	dorrington	much	of	that	reputation	which	unfortunately	too	often	enable	-PRON-	to	profit	-PRON-	far	beyond	the	extent	to	which	-PRON-	client	intend	.		
the	ancient	swordsmith	wear	court	dress	and	make	votive	offering	when	-PRON-	forge	-PRON-	good	blade	,	and	the	god	be	suppose	to	assist	and	to	watch	over	the	career	of	the	weapon	.		
-PRON-	be	afraid	-PRON-	be	a	clumsy	sort	of	rascal	,	naylor	,	though	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	good	.		
-PRON-	say	that	if	-PRON-	do	anything	of	that	sort	-PRON-	would	take	the	case	up	;	so	now	-PRON-	have	come	to	see	if	-PRON-	will	keep	-PRON-	promise	.		
and	there	be	a	small	ship	,	carve	in	ivory	,	and	worth	money	,	-PRON-	believethat	’	go	.		
an	angry	,	jealous	,	pragmatical	woman	,	apparently	,	this	mrs.	geldard	,	and	-PRON-	’	impossible	to	judge	at	first	sight	how	much	-PRON-	really	know	and	how	much	-PRON-	imagine	.		
-PRON-	will	remember	-PRON-	treat	-PRON-	as	an	ordinary	visitor	’s	announcement	.		
-PRON-	should	certainly	have	tell	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	wear	a	hook	in	-PRON-	placea	hook	make	for	-PRON-	on	board	-PRON-	vessel	.		
-PRON-	repeat	to	hewitt	,	in	the	same	manner	,	what	-PRON-	have	already	say	to	-PRON-	,	and	then	hewitt	,	seize	-PRON-	first	opportunity	,	say	,	will	-PRON-	please	tell	-PRON-	,	mrs.	geldard	,	definitely	and	concisely	,	what	evidence	,	or	even	indication	,	-PRON-	have	of	unbecoming	conduct	on	-PRON-	husband	’s	part	,	and	substantially	what	case	-PRON-	wish	-PRON-	to	take	up	?	"	case	?		
-PRON-	take	-PRON-	hat	and	cloak	(	-PRON-	have	already	change	-PRON-	frock	)	and	,	after	kiss	-PRON-	,	put	-PRON-	hastily	through	the	window	and	come	away	.		
here	be	a	chequebook	with	a	number	of	cheque	remain	.		
-PRON-	as	yet	ungreeted	friend	geldard	,	guide	spirit	of	the	whole	thing	,	come	disguise	as	a	carter	with	an	apparent	cartload	of	linoleum	,	and	carry	away	the	manufacture	stuff	.		
-PRON-	be	half	afther	nine	that	mr.	main	wint	off	walkin’	to	cullanin	,	mr.	rewse	stayin’	in	,	have	letther	to	write	.		
the	thing	be	incurable	except	,	as	a	remote	possibility	,	by	a	most	dangerous	operation	,	which	the	doctor	fear	to	attempt	except	under	most	favourable	condition	.		
and	so	-PRON-	have	lose	-PRON-	again	,	have	-PRON-	?		
-PRON-	determine	that	as	-PRON-	have	go	so	far	-PRON-	would	keep	the	child	that	day	at	least	;	indeed	,	as	-PRON-	say	,	whether	by	the	influence	of	-PRON-	husband	-PRON-	know	not	,	but	-PRON-	almost	feel	-PRON-	fall	into	-PRON-	delusion	that	the	child	be	ours	.		
-PRON-	hat	the	man	!	"	-PRON-	say	,	with	a	quick	access	of	passion	,	which	however	-PRON-	suppress	at	once	.		
at	other	time	-PRON-	have	lose	time	on	a	false	trail	while	-PRON-	quarry	escape	.		
this	last	,	by	the	way	,	be	a	thing	mrs.	beckle	seem	not	to	have	miss	in	the	confusion	,	or	perhaps	-PRON-	do	not	know	that	pullin	possess	-PRON-	.		
at	-PRON-	suggestion	-PRON-	go	to	the	manager	of	the	eastern	consolidated	bank	,	whom	-PRON-	know	personally	,	and	represent	that	among	a	heap	of	cheque	one	have	get	tear	,	and	the	miss	piece	destroy	.		
since	there	be	on	the	stave	position	for	less	than	a	dozen	note	,	and	there	be	twentysix	letter	to	be	indicate	,	-PRON-	follow	that	crotchet	,	quaver	,	and	semiquaver	on	the	same	line	or	space	must	mean	different	letter	.		
-PRON-	stand	at	the	front	door	smoke	-PRON-	pipe	(	-PRON-	remember	that	mrs.	beckle	tell	-PRON-	so	)	,	wait	for	roofe	.		
why	be	this	?		
but	-PRON-	must	see	the	place	.		
hewitt	have	step	out	for	a	few	minute	,	and	-PRON-	be	sit	alone	in	-PRON-	private	room	,	when	-PRON-	become	conscious	of	some	disturbance	in	the	outer	office	.		
’twa	pig	-PRON-	be	dhrivin’	that	day	,	sor	,	to	ballyshiel	fair	from	just	beyond	cullanin	.		
this	have	curl	and	crinkle	rather	too	much	in	the	burning	,	but	-PRON-	be	plainly	notepaper	with	an	emboss	heading	,	which	stand	out	rather	clearly	.		
then	fill	in	the	blank	place	with	the	next	letter	of	the	alphabet	downward	,	h	i	j	,	and	-PRON-	find	that	h	and	i	fall	in	the	place	-PRON-	have	already	discover	for	-PRON-	as	crotchet	.		
-PRON-	shall	derive	no	opinion	and	no	theory	from	anything	but	a	consideration	of	the	actual	circumstance	and	evidence	on	the	spot	.		
here	be	-PRON-	card	.		
postmark	,	hampstead	;	post	this	afternoon	also	.		
-PRON-	dress	be	good	,	though	splash	with	mud	,	and	-PRON-	bloated	face	,	blear	eye	and	loose	,	tremulous	mouth	proclaim	the	habitual	drunkard	.		
-PRON-	be	large	,	with	a	tortoiseshell	handle	and	a	silver	plate	with	-PRON-	initial	.		
what	!		
that	single	a	man	out	,	and	-PRON-	may	easily	have	be	recognise	.		
-PRON-	shall	have	an	hour	or	two	to	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	expect	,	this	afternoon	,	and	-PRON-	will	make	a	small	inquiry	or	two	on	-PRON-	own	account	in	town	.		
would	-PRON-	allow	-PRON-	child	to	be	place	in	the	arm	of	a	lunaticone	indeed	who	have	already	kill	a	child	of	-PRON-	own	?		
hurley,’	he	say	,	'	your	clock	keeps	excellent	time.’	"	]	-PRON-	do	that	,	sor	,	an’	nivir	more	than	clan	twice	by	rafferty	since	-PRON-	own	father	(	rest	-PRON-	soul	!	)		
mrs.	geldard	have	go	off	to	town	,	and	emma	trennatt	be	tell	that	-PRON-	have	go	to	geldard	’s	office	.		
soon	after	-PRON-	cab	emerge	north	of	the	city	-PRON-	become	conscious	of	another	cab	,	whose	driver	-PRON-	fancy	-PRON-	recognise	,	and	which	keep	ahead	all	along	the	route	.		
and	a	light	van	be	find	in	a	shed	belong	to	the	nursery	load	with	seventeen	roll	of	linoleum	,	each	enclose	a	cylinder	contain	two	gallon	of	spirit	,	and	pack	at	each	end	with	narrow	linoleum	roll	.		
-PRON-	know	that	pullin	will	stand	no	more	delay	,	and	may	do	something	desperate	,	so	roofe	do	something	desperate	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	greatuncle	be	a	man	of	strong	common	sense	and	a	churchman	(	though	-PRON-	do	think	-PRON-	could	write	play	)	,	and	if	-PRON-	have	not	be	for	-PRON-	restraint	-PRON-	believethat	be	,	-PRON-	have	be	toldmrs	.	penner	would	have	go	clean	dement	with	religious	mania	.		
both	lock	,	"	-PRON-	say	.		
death	from	shotwound	.		
why	all	these	wrapping	,	and	moreover	,	why	the	hook	?	the	presumption	be	clear	.		
-PRON-	kill	hernot	at	once	,	so	that	-PRON-	may	have	be	hang	for	-PRON-	,	but	by	a	course	of	regular	brutality	and	starvation	.		
have	communicate	with	coroner	.	o’reilly	.	ii	hewitt	and	mr.	bowyer	travel	towards	mayo	together	,	mr.	bowyer	restless	and	loquacious	on	the	subject	of	the	business	in	hand	,	and	hewitt	rather	bore	thereby	.		
seem	to	be	mr.	foster	’s	room	,	"	the	inspector	remark	;	here	’	the	key	inside	.	"	-PRON-	take	-PRON-	across	the	landing	and	try	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	keep	such	shoe	,	-PRON-	find	,	though	-PRON-	be	not	in	stock	at	present	,	and	,	as	-PRON-	appear	to	be	of	an	uncommon	sort	,	possibly	-PRON-	be	buy	here	.	"	the	lady	look	at	-PRON-	.		
prompt	to	-PRON-	time	at	eight	in	the	morning	-PRON-	be	at	the	police	station	,	where	another	inspector	be	now	on	duty	,	who	,	however	,	have	be	tell	of	hewitt	’s	wish	.		
why	should	main	want	to	get	in	and	out	by	a	window	?		
ut	sthruck	twelve	nigh	half	an	hour	before	-PRON-	lift	cullanin	.		
but	-PRON-	would	not	hear	of	itgot	indignant	,	and	'	take	on’	as	people	call	-PRON-	,	bad	than	ever	,	so	that	-PRON-	have	to	smooth	-PRON-	over	.		
then	-PRON-	drag	-PRON-	out	and	push	-PRON-	across	the	linoleum	that	cover	the	floor	.		
ah	,	"	-PRON-	say	,	-PRON-	be	well	to	time	,	mr.	hewitt	.		
now	-PRON-	can	go	and	make	a	bargain	with	luker	and	birks	.		
as	soon	as	-PRON-	have	leave	,	hewitt	turn	to	the	pedestal	table	and	probe	the	keyhole	of	the	lock	drawer	with	the	small	stiletto	attach	to	-PRON-	penknife	.		
yes	,	-PRON-	do	.		
-PRON-	be	very	well	make	indeed	;	-PRON-	use	to	say	that	-PRON-	could	not	have	be	make	for	five	pound	.	"	indeed	?	"	hewitt	cast	-PRON-	eye	about	the	two	room	.		
iii	-PRON-	own	adventure	have	be	simple	.		
so	that	-PRON-	become	a	question	of	practicability	.		
-PRON-	be	kind	of	-PRON-	to	reassure	the	poor	woman	.	"	oh	,	tell	-PRON-	,	"	mrs.	isitt	ask	,	be	-PRON-	much	upset	at	miss	the	little	boy	?		
and	then	the	opportunity	of	the	situation	occur	to	-PRON-	.		
just	look	about	-PRON-	,	mrs.	hurley	,	"	hewitt	say	,	in	this	room	and	everywhere	else	,	and	tell	-PRON-	if	anything	be	miss	that	-PRON-	can	remember	be	here	on	the	morning	of	the	day	-PRON-	last	see	mr.	rewse	.	"	-PRON-	look	thoughtfully	up	and	down	the	room	.		
in	a	word	,	-PRON-	carry	out	the	whole	thing	rather	cleverly	,	and	a	terrible	few	day	-PRON-	must	have	pass	.		
why	,	the	ark	,	of	course	.	"	the	old	lady	’s	manner	be	odd	,	but	notwithstanding	the	bizarre	and	disjointed	character	of	-PRON-	complaint	,	hewitt	have	now	have	time	to	observe	that	-PRON-	have	none	of	the	unmistakable	sign	of	the	lunatic	.		
-PRON-	-PRON-	be	in	the	large	morningroom	,	and	as	-PRON-	seem	to	be	very	quiet	-PRON-	go	to	look	,	and	find	-PRON-	be	not	there	.	"	-PRON-	look	elsewhere	,	of	course	?	"	yes	;	but	-PRON-	be	nowhere	in	the	house	,	and	none	of	the	servant	have	see	-PRON-	.		
but	still	,	look	at	probability	,	-PRON-	dear	sir	,	look	at	probability	.	"	no	,	but	look	at	possibility	.	there	be	that	clock	.		
-PRON-	apologise	for	this	,	and	explain	that	-PRON-	think	,	as	the	lady	seem	excited	,	-PRON-	would	be	as	well	to	let	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	to	begin	with	,	if	there	be	no	objection	,	and	perhaps	-PRON-	would	begin	to	be	coherent	and	intelligible	by	hewitt	’s	arrival	,	which	may	occur	at	any	moment	.		
but	mrs.	geldard	’	up	at	the	house	,	so	-PRON-	would	better	hurry	up	to	the	police	station	and	have	a	few	send	from	there	.		
-PRON-	be	on	duty	-PRON-	at	the	time	,	and	-PRON-	turn	up	the	book	contain	an	entry	on	the	subject	.		
’twa	not	elivin	when	-PRON-	lift	;	’twa	not	,	be	the	mother	av	moses	!	"	-PRON-	wondher	at	ye	,	dennis	grady	;	ye	must	have	be	dhrunk	as	a	kerry	cow	,	"	and	both	mulcahy	and	shanahan	turn	upon	the	obstinate	grady	,	and	the	dispute	wax	clamorous	till	hewitt	stop	-PRON-	.		
that	’	no	good	.	"	-PRON-	go	to	the	third	door	,	which	stand	ajar	.		
there	be	a	sad	lack	of	oil	everywhere	,	and	all	the	bolt	creak	;	the	lock	in	particular	make	a	deal	of	noise	,	and	when	the	key	be	half	turn	-PRON-	bolt	shoot	back	with	a	loud	thump	.		
do	-PRON-	know	?	"	no	,	sir	,	"	the	policeman	reply	,	-PRON-	be	not	;	though	anyone	may	almost	think	-PRON-	,	to	look	at	the	garden	.		
well	,	-PRON-	beat	’	the	other	way	.	"	there	be	a	sound	of	angry	voice	in	the	direction	of	the	nursery	ground	,	and	hewitt	make	toward	-PRON-	.		
hewitt	follow	-PRON-	in	the	direction	of	the	patient	’s	house	,	and	meet	-PRON-	return	.		
as	-PRON-	pass	on	-PRON-	beat	-PRON-	have	be	call	by	three	woman	,	who	have	a	light	ladder	plant	against	the	windowsill	of	the	room	.		
the	pane	be	replace	as	well	as	the	absence	of	fresh	putty	permit	,	and	five	minute	later	hewitt	be	in	a	hansom	bind	for	crouch	end	.		
why	?		
this	be	not	the	first	time	by	many	,	as	-PRON-	probably	know	,	if	-PRON-	be	a	friend	of	-PRON-	.	"	-PRON-	read	the	note	,	and	as	-PRON-	look	up	hewitt	say	no	,	-PRON-	have	not	know	-PRON-	long	.		
throat	cut	awful	.	"	come	,	"	say	the	surgeon	,	as	-PRON-	prepare	to	mount	the	stair	.		
-PRON-	be	summer	,	and	behind	the	bar	be	a	sort	of	screen	of	cartridge	paper	with	a	frill	edge	,	and	behind	this	various	odd	and	end	have	be	thrownspent	match	,	trade	circular	crumple	up	,	and	tear	paper	.		
there	be	another	child	,	a	baby	boy	,	about	a	year	old	when	-PRON-	sister	die	,	and	hehe	die	of	scarlet	fever	scarcely	four	month	ago	.		
