His shiny wheels and the pretty yellow wheels of the red wagon creaked so loudly none of the dolls heard the cries of the tiny penny dolls who were too small to climb aboard.		
cuckoo!		
Then they went back to the position each had been in, when Marcella had left them.		
he added.		
as it began to freeze.		
He ran down behind the shed and through the garden, and then back towards the house again.		
"I believe Raggedy Andy must have a candy heart too, like Raggedy Ann!"		
Raggedy Andy and Uncle Clem stood looking out of the door, the rest of the dolls peeping over their shoulders, so when something came jumping through the door, it hit Uncle Clem and Raggedy Andy and sent them flying against the other dolls behind them.		
Then, knowing the folks might soon be astir, the dolls left off their playing, and all took the same positions they had been in when Marcella left them the night before.		
"There!"		
"Just see here!"		
"Perhaps we had best try to wash your face!"		
Raggedy Andy and Raggedy Ann walked over to a corner of the nursery and thought and thought.		
Raggedy Andy intended jumping down the stairs, head over heels, for he knew that neither he, Uncle Clem nor Henny would break anything by jumping down stairs.		
He could neither go down nor come back up.		
"Were you wet most of the time, Raggedy Andy?"		
Then, just as a little boy and a little girl, who looked as though they did not ever have much candy, passed the house, the dolls all gave a push and sent the bag tumbling to the sidewalk.		
"That will be loads of fun!"		
And Raggedy Andy lay upon the floor of the nursery and showed the dollies just how it was done.		
Ha!		
"We take sugar and water and butter and a little vinegar and put it all on the stove to cook.		
"He should not come scratching around our house if he doesn't care to be chased!"		
Two little Chicadees came and sat upon the sled and talked to me in their cute little bird language, and I watched the sky in the west get golden red, then turn into a deep crimson purple and finally a deep blue, as the sun went farther down around the bend of the earth.		
The pretty pond was covered with ice, too, and upon the ice was a soft blanket of the white, white snow.		
Wasn't it lots of fun?"		
"Did I frisk my tail?"		
[Illustration: All sitting together] [Illustration: Fido in a basket] [Illustration: Raggedy Andy and Fido] THE RABBIT CHASE "Well, what shall we play tonight?"		
After it had been dark for some time, I heard someone coming through the snow and could see the yellow light of a lantern.		
It's good to be back home again!"		
the man said to Mama.		
"I was just thinking," Raggedy Ann said, "that it would be very nice to have the taffy pull, but suppose some of the folks smell the candy while it is cooking."		
I was frozen into one solid cake of ice all the way through, and when Marcella tried to limber up my arm before it had thawed out, it went, 'Pop!'		
"Yes, it was full of Easter eggs and colored grasses for the little girl who lives here!"		
cried all the dolls when they saw Raggedy Andy's feat.		
over and over, until they wound up, laughing, at the bottom.		
Uncle Clem went to the waste paper basket and came back with some scraps of yellow and red paper.		
"My mistress had put us both to bed for the night, and if she had discovered us 'way up in the attic, she would have wondered how in the world we got there!		
"She won!"		
Henny always said "Mama" when he was tilted backward or forward, and when the pillow rolled him over and over, he cried, "Mama, Mama, Mama!"		
The wooden horse, a thrill of happiness running through his wooden body, cried, "It is the most fun I have ever had!"		
Raggedy Andy whispered as he patted the two little penny dolls with his soft rag hands.		
cuckoo!		
"Yes," cried Susan, "let's all go get the things out of the machine drawer!		
sighed Raggedy Ann.		
said Uncle Clem, who was very kind and loved everybody and everything.		
There, from the head of the stairs, they watched the cheery little whitewhiskered man take pretty things from a large sack and place them about the chimneyplace.		
But the French doll had a lovely mouth for taking medicine; it was open and showed her teeth in a dimpling smile.		
said Raggedy Andy, as he threw the arm about Raggedy Ann's neck and gave her a hug.		
"Last one up is a Cocoa baby!"		
"I wish you would.		
Uncle Clem said.		
The medicine which was given the dolls had great curing properties.		
[Illustration: Shaking the French doll upside down] [Illustration: Hole in her head] Laughingly they scrambled to their feet and sat the French doll up, so they might look into the hole in the top of her head.		
Henny did not see the pillow coming towards him so he was knocked head over heels.		
asked Henny.		
And to this day, the dollies' little mistress does not know that Raggedy Andy was the doctor who cured the French doll of her only ill. [Illustration: Raggedy Andy dancing with the French doll] [Illustration: Dickie and Raggedy Andy] [Illustration: Where is Raggedy Andy's smile?]		
"The more fun we can give each other, the more fun each one of us will have!"		
Dickie would have been sorry, too, if he had been more than two years old, but when one is only two years old, he has very few sorrows.		
Dickie's only sorrow was that Raggedy Andy was taken from him, and he could not feed Raggedy Andy more orange juice.		
Raggedy Andy again wound up the little music box and, catching the French doll about the waist, started a rollicking dance which lasted until the roosters in the neighborhood began their morning crowing.		
When the children had passed out of sight, the dolls climbed down from the window.		
Raggedy Andy, Uncle Clem and Henny stopped so suddenly they fell over each other and Raggedy Andy, being in the lead and pulling the other two, slid right through the door and stopped at the feet of the man.		
It was a rather tight fit, but Raggedy Andy wiggled and twisted until all the dolls could see of him were his two feet.		
I've spent so much of my time while I was away drying out my soft cotton stuffing it seems as though it has almost become a habit."		
"Perhaps I did!"		
Uncle Clem twisted and wiggled in his sleep until finally he could stand it no longer and awakened.		
"And then I pulled and pulled until finally his feet came out of the wheel and we both tumbled to the floor!"		
"If that is the case, we can have the taffy pull and all the fun that goes with it!"		
cried a cheery voice.		
This amused Henny as much as it did the other dolls, so when he jumped to his feet he laughed and threw the pillow back at Raggedy Andy.		
The dolls all laughed at this, for they knew very well that even had Mama been awake, they would not have asked her for needle and thread, because they did not wish her to know they could act and talk just like real people.		
Uncle Clem said.		
Raggedy Ann said.		
Some of you must have left shavings or something in the eaves, and it has washed down into the pipe, so that the water pours over the gutter in sheets!"		
She was given a "dose" every minute or so.		
Raggedy Andy was just about to climb upon the horse's back again when the French doll leaped there herself and, balancing lightly upon one foot, stood in this position while the wooden horse rolled around the nursery as fast as he could go.		
"Then we ran downstairs as fast as we could and climbed into bed, didn't we!"		
The French doll was sitting quietly in one of the little red chairs, smiling the prettiest of dimpling smiles at Raggedy Andy, and thinking of the romp the dolls would have that night after the house grew quiet, when Marcella discovered that the French doll had the "croup" and put her to bed.		
Leaning out, he could look along the new shiny tin gutter the men had put in place.		
Raggedy Ann said, when Uncle Clem had held the French doll in this position for five minutes.		
They shook her.		
"That was lots of fun!"		
said Raggedy Andy.		
Then straightening his old shoulders and pulling his hat firmly on his head, he stooped and kissed the old lady and walked with a firm tread to the door.		
Everybody called the two cottages the twin houses for another reason: the owners were twins.		
Johnny Cricket said.		
It was such a nice, happyhearted note Sally Migrundy said: "I will answer it!"		
"Willie Woodchuck is whittling because he has nothing else to do!"		
"I have never enjoyed myself so much before, and I will never be grumpy and be called a Grundy again!		
"Yes, but Matilda," her sister said, "you do not know the happiness in being kind and friendly to others!"		
Then they called Mamma Dorn and they all ate some of the ice cream and candy.		
Then she took three long, deep breaths and then she jumped out of bed quickly, right on her toes.		
Have you seen Mrs. Thumbkins?		
And when they do, she catches them by the heels and turns everything topsyturvy all day long; but when you get out of bed toes first, I'll be there to start you on a pleasant day and Witchy Crosspatch will have to return to MakeBelieve Land and hide her head!"		
cried Thumbkins.		
"Finally old Omasko, the elk, came down to the river to feed, and the old chief catfish swam out and pulled on Omasko's whiskers, and all the other catfish cried: 'See how brave and fearless the mighty catfish are!'		
When the gnarled tree was covered with leaves in the summer time, the old, rough Stone said, "Just see how he hides the blue sky from my view!"		
And there, too, was his sister as she had been when a child.		
"I do not know!"		
"In the middle of the great meadow, and it will belong to the one who finds it first!"		
One contained the golden pennies, another the candy and the third was full of ice cream.		
"I will buzz down that way and see him!"		
Caaaaaw!"		
Granny asked, as she smiled through her glasses at him.		
he cried, "I wish the gnarled tree would come back and scatter his leaves about me to protect me from the cold!"		
[Illustration] So Thumbkins thanked Tommy Grasshopper and ran over to Granpa Tobacyworm's house.		
The box is full of candy and ice cream!"		
"Don't the people in the house here wish good luck?"		
As he did so, the figures rose in the air and seemed to grow lighter and larger.		
A few people hesitated as they passed, but only one stopped.		
Granny went to her tiny cupboard and brought out a little bottle of purple fluid.		
"Come in!"		
When the little nut took root and sent its tiny shoots up in the air, the old, rough Stone said, "There!		
So Tommy Grasshopper and Johnny Cricket caught hold of Willy Ladybug's four little hands and helped him to climb up the tall reeds, for Willy was not as old as the other Bug Boys, and might fall in the water if they did not help him.		
"Flat as a pancake!"		
"Oh Mamma and Daddy!"		
As the little old man finished the melody he stood still more upright.		
Then Dickie ran home as fast as he could and told Daddy Dorn.		
"Oh, sister," Katrinka cried, as she tried to kiss Matilda.		
So the people never called Granny a witch after that, for they knew she was very good and kindly.		
And all the other objects scarcely breathed while they watched the children as they took the wishbone from the shelf.		
And because the bottle had been used by Sally Migrundy, the two good people suddenly knew all about Sally Migrundy, the magic little cottage, and the happy children who lived there.		
said Billy Bumblebee, as he made his wings whirr and climbed high in the air.		
A mamma meadowlark, sitting upon her nest, saw Thumbkins running and called to him: "Come here, little man, and get beneath my wing and I will keep you warm and dry!"		
All was quiet within.		
You know he has to raise his head every onceinawhile in order to breathe, so if we should all hang on to him we could pull him under the water.'		
Then, though it was raining ever so hard, he pulled his little hat well down on his head and ran out into the storm.		
"But we must be very careful and not fall, for the fish would soon swallow us, and that would not be very much fun!"		
So they went inside.		
But the room did not fill with candy.		
[Illustration] "Am I to take it, Granny?"		
But when they got inside they were surprised to find that the rooms were very large.		
One night while Matilda sat at her dark window looking across at Katrinka's house, she saw a crowd of people tiptoeing up to the stoop with baskets under their arms and flowers in their hands and when all had crowded upon the porch they stamped their feet and made a great noise.		
There was a tiny tinkle from a bell and, just as Johnny hopped behind the clock, he saw a boot stick out of the fireplace.		
Billy Bumblebee buzzed closer to Old Man Hoppytoad's head and Old Man Hoppytoad blinked his big round eyes and finally said, "She is locked up in the kitchen!"		
"We are going back to see him!"		
Tom Tom cried at the same time, "What ever has happened to your lovely home, Tim Tim?"		
Then, shivering himself, for he was soaking wet, he ran home as fast as he could, took off his dripping clothes, put on his little pajamas, and climbed into his warm little cozy cobweb bed.		
"And aren't you very cross this lovely day?"		
cried Tilly Toad, as she stood her broom in the corner and started down the path.		
When Dickie took a seat upon a tiny sofa he did not know just how to ask Granny for what he wanted, so he twiddled his thumbs.		
And as they were talking, there came a noise at the front stoop.		
The light from the lamp was too dim for him to make out the objects hanging from the mantel above the fireplace.		
he laughed.		
After a great deal of coaxing, Matilda finally agreed that she would change places with Katrinka and try to smile when anyone came to see her.		
Dickie jumped up and ran down the hill to where Granny lived.		
All the children of the little village loved Katrinka, for she always had a cooky or a dainty in her apron pocket to give them, or she would pat them on their curly heads and smile cheerily at them through her glasses.		
"The old road is so dreadfully long and tiresome!"		
Katrinka replied.		
Of course all the Bug Boys knew old Gran'pa Skeeterhawkfor it was heso the three returned to the reed and sat down again to pass the time of day with Gran'pa.		
"There are hundreds of children just like you who make hard work of getting up when they are called in the morning and who remain cross and ugly all day long!"		
Thumbkins cried as he caught Old Man Hoppytoad's hand.		
cried a cheery voice as Thumbkins ran under a bunch of flowers.		
So again he went down the long flights of stairs and down the street until he came to a good corner where traffic was heavy.		
From his hiding place, Johnny Cricket heard one or two chuckles, and something rattle.		
Now Sally Migrundy had always lived in her tiny cottage on the bank of the tinkling stream which ran through the whispering forest.		
Marjorie said.		
Dickie Dorn thought to himself, as he lay upon his back under the big oak tree and watched the three crows.		
As he shuffled down the street, he clutched his coat tightly about his throat, for the air was chill and he felt the cold.		
It was a new tin can house.		
she scolded, as Katrinka walked into the living room.		
You may be sure it was a very happy place to live and the children made Sally Migrundy very happy.		
said the others.		
In the morning Mamma Cricket had a hard time getting Johnny Cricket out of bed.		
never!"		
[Illustration] [Illustration] CROW TALK "Caw, Caw, Caw," one old crow cried as he faced the other two crows.		
She just hurried home and took off all of Raggedy Ann's wet clothes and placed her on a little red chair in front of the oven door, and then brought all of the other dolls in and read a fairy tale to them while Raggedy Ann steamed and dried.		
So, Raggedy Ann sat quietly, just as Marcella told her, but she smiled at the chickens for she had fallen time and again and it had never hurt her in the least.		
Dinah's big eyes rolled out in a troubled manner, for Marcella had snatched Raggedy Ann from Dinah's hand as she cried, "Why, Dinah!		
Raggedy Ann lay quietly in bed where Thomas and Annabel had tucked her.		
"I should not have offered the boys dear old Raggedy Ann to tie on the tail of the kite!		
Raggedy Ann hopped from her bed and ran across the floor, trailing the bed clothes behind her.		
That night when all the house was asleep, Raggedy Ann raised up in bed and said to the dolls who were still awake, "I am so happy I do not feel a bit sleepy.		
She lifted the box away and gave a little squeal of surprise and happiness.		
said the old hens.		
"Go get them, Fido, and bring them up so we can see them!"		
So when Raggedy Ann had been returned to the nursery the dolls could hardly wait until Marcella had put on their nighties and left them for the night.		
"I hope it isn't a mouse!"		
"The Dog Catcher!" cried Raggedy Ann.		
"It needs more tail on it!"		
And of course it happened!		
exclaimed Mamma Cat.		
Cheer up!		
The kite, released from the weight of Raggedy Ann began darting and swooping to the ground.		
"And yarn hair!"		
"What have you there, Fido?"		
Cheery!		
There the dolls hung all day, swinging and twisting about as the breeze swayed the clothesline.		
said the tin soldier, who could be very fierce at times, although he was seldom cross.		
Suddenly the rag parted and Raggedy Ann went sailing away as the wind caught in her skirts.		
said Raggedy.		
"How lovely!"		
said Annabel.		
And Marcella looking up into the tree above the house to see the robins, discovered Raggedy Ann peeping over the limb at her.		
"How do you feel?"		
As Raggedy Ann hit the ground the new puppy dog caught her dress and ran with her across the bridge, Fido barking close behind him.		
It was a strange procession.		
And this is how she did it.		
They ran, and they ran, and they ran, and at last they found the kite upon the ground with one of the sticks broken, but they could not find Raggedy Ann anywhere.		
When Daddy fished Raggedy Ann from the water, Marcella hugged her so tightly to her breast the water ran from Raggedy Ann and dripped all over Marcella's apron.		
The dolls drew to one side, where Raggedy Ann and Uncle Clem whispered together.		
"Here is Raggedy Ann," she shouted.		
After a lovely tea party with ginger cookies and milk, of course the dolls were very sleepy, at least Marcella thought so, so she took all except Raggedy Ann into the house and put them to bed for the afternoon nap.		
Marcella did not like to leave Raggedy Ann with the boys, so she sat down upon the ground to wait until they pulled down the kite.		
[Illustration] Just as Raggedy Ann started to pick up one of the kittens there was a lot of howling and yelping and Fido came bounding through the hole with Mamma Cat behind him.		
"Secret nothing," replied Fido, "It's kittens!"		
Raggedy Ann smiled happily to herself, for Boots had curled up on top of Raggedy Ann and was purring herself to sleep.		
The catch was too high for Raggedy Ann to reach, but Peterkins held Raggedy Ann in his mouth and stood up on his hind legs so that she could raise the catch.		
"Come, see!"		
And our lesson was that we must never take without asking what we could always have for the asking!		
cried all the dolls, as they pressed closer to Raggedy.		
They ran over to where Boots sat growling with the tiny mouse in her mouth.		
said the new puppy dog as he bounced up to Raggedy Ann.		
The chances are that she likes that old rag doll better than any of the others!"		
"If your folks hear of it they will take the eggs!"		
"Tell us what you have been thinking, dear Raggedy," said the tin soldier.		
said Raggedy Ann.		
"Why, Dinah!		
It was a soft mellow light, just the sort of light you would expect to accompany Fairy Folk.		
"She didn't look like our dear old Raggedy Ann at all!"		
Raggedy Ann took two of the kittens and carried them to the house while Mamma Cat carried the other.		
"This Raggedy Ann seems to be a favorite with the mistress and with all the dolls!"		
replied Raggedy Ann, "It made me very happy.		
"Let her ride up there!"		
While the dolls were talking, Marcella ran downstairs with Jeanette and told Daddy and Mamma, who came upstairs with Marcella and hunted around until they discovered the mouse's doorway.		
So Raggedy was wrapped in a newspaper that evening and carried away.		
"I know poor Mistress is very sad on account of Fido," said the Dutch doll, "because I was in the diningroom at suppertime and I heard her daddy tell her to eat her supper and he would go out and find Fido; but I had forgotten all about it until now."		
said the Indian doll.		
Presently the Fairies returned without the bundle and disappeared through the nursery window.		
As Fido neared the brook, another puppy dog came running across the footbridge to meet him.		
"Tell us how to start about it."		
And as she slept Marcella dreamed that the fairies came and took Raggedy Ann with them to fairyland for a visit, and then sent Raggedy Ann home to her.		
His little heart was broken to think that he had caused Raggedy Ann to be drowned.		
"We will plug up the hole with something, so he will not come out again!"		
My!		
"I think it would be a good plan for us to show our love for Mistress and try and find Fido!"		
asked Uncle Clem of the French doll.		
Thomas said.		
"It was a great relief, although it felt queer at first and my thoughts seemed scattered.		
"Just let me hang Miss Raggedy on the line in the bright sunshine for half an hour," said Dinah, "and you won't know her when she comes off!"		
"I thought I heard nibbling last night," one of the penny dolls said.		
a boy said to Marcella, "for the kite was directly over here when the doll fell!"		
So the dolls sat and talked until daylight, when the painters came to work.		
one old hen explained.		
Raggedy Ann smiled at them.		
Marcella was heartbroken.		
squeaked the little mouse, "This is the first time I have ever been here!"		
Late that night when Boots was the only one awake, out popped a tiny mouse from the hole.		
All the dolls could feel Raggedy Ann's beautiful new candy heart and they were very happy for her.		
