When did Joseph visit Jackson county the second time?		
Brigham Young and the Twelve took an active part in getting volunteers.		
Another boy by the name of Charles Merrick was discovered.		
He advised the Saints to be like other people and not organize themselves with bishops, presidents, etc.		
They were not in rebellion, and if the president had simply sent some one to investigate, he would have found out that truth; but he had acted on the spur of the moment, and the troops were already far on the way.		
Topics.1.		
What is the state militia?		
What does He say is good?		
On that date Joseph ordained Sidney Rigdon to be his first counselor, and Frederick G. Williams to be his second counselor, and these three now became the First Presidency, which is the highest authority in the Church.		
4.		
What led Joseph and Oliver to ask the Lord about baptism?		
A great many brethren agreed to this, and that winter and spring the move eastward to Illinois continued.		
Note how eager the governor was to restore these few presumably abused people to their landsbut it was all right that twelve hundred "Mormons" should be driven from their property!		
10. Who returned to Winter Quarters?		
What is meant by the gathering?		
5.		
On the morning of July 22nd, Joseph arose from his bed and commenced administering to the sick.		
One of the most important revelations given at this time was regarding the law of tithing.		
Meanwhile, Nauvoo grew into a large city.		
"We will rid Jackson county of the "Mormons"," they said, "peaceably if we can, forcibly if we must.		
12.		
July 20th, they held another meeting which was more successful.		
It would not be easy to understand the many causes that led to these troubles, but a few may be noted.		
Calling of the Seventy.		
8.		
Priesthood.		
3.		
The brethren were then marched into the camp of the mobmilitia where they were received with great shouts, curses, and yells.		
Wishing to know more about this new revelation of God, he had sought out Joseph.		
Questions and Review.1.		
Again, the Saints could not buy out all the mobbers' land in Jackson, much as they would have liked so to do, as there was so much of it, and they had no money to pay for it in thirty days.		
For five years he continued to tell of the truth of the work of God in the meetings of the Saints in Utah.		
However, the Saints engaged four lawyers to protect them in the courts.		
6.		
The Lord then told Nephi to take all who would listen to him and leave the other brothers and those who upheld them in their evil deeds.		
ye fiends of the infernal pit!		
Parley P. Pratt and a small company were sent ahead to find another location for a settlement.		
Joseph and his wife, Emma, stayed at Brother Whitney's house for some time.		
Elder Taylor now tried to jump from the window.		
Some of the brethren carried away a few hundred dollars' worth when they went to Salt Lake Valley the next summer.		
There were now about five thousand people in the valley, and prospects were not very encouraging, owing to the small crop raised.		
Name some of the books he wrote.		
But it was not to be.		
16.		
3.		
Where was the second settlement in Utah made?		
3.		
How was Bishop Partridge abused?		
Some of the mob painted and dressed themselves up as Indians.		
Nearly all the leading brethren were in hiding; and, as they could not speak to the people in their meetings, they wrote epistles which were read to the Saints at their conferences.		
8. Who were the United Brethren?		
Joseph was busy setting the Church in order and in receiving the word of the Lord for the guidance of the Saints.		
On these carts were loaded baggage and provisions, and the men and boys pulled them across the plains.		
While teaching the people the need of repenting of their evil doings and being baptized for the remission of their sins, Brother Kimball felt someone pulling at his coat: "Please sir, will you baptize me?"		
The sheriff kept after the mob to prevent them from burning houses, etc., and this made the mobbers very angry.		
How long did it take them?		
President John Taylor.		
What prevented a band of pioneers from going to the mountains that summer?		
He had at that time four sons, Laman, Lemuel, Sam, and Nephi.		
Where was the army camped?		
As the elders were walking out of the village, the young folks of the place ran to meet them, the older people stood in their doors to greet and bless them, while the children ran ahead, hand in hand, singing their songs of gladness.		
7.		
"Stuboy, stuboy, take him Watch, lay hold of him!		
Mobbers' meetings in Independence.		
This officer mistreated Joseph shamefully.		
How did the Saints know that Joseph was not a fallen prophet?		
2.		
Governor Dunklin talked very pleasantly about the rights of the Saints, but in the end he did nothing to protect the people or help them to gain possession of their property.		
7.		
4.		
Here Elder Cannon translated the Book of Mormon into the native language, and sometime after he had it printed.		
9.		
What did Jesus say about persecution?		
The rain fell in torrents, the lightning flashed, the thunder shook the earth.		
10.		
How many Seventies' quorums are there in the Church?		
They had withdrawn from the Church of England, and were now praying that the Lord would send them more light.		
The total number of souls in the Church was reported to be about two thousand; and all this was done in the short space of eight months.		
This was the 26th of June.		
I will not live another minute and hear such language.		
The enemy was soon put to flight across the river.		
They preached to some Indians near the city of Buffalo, presented them with the Book of Mormon, and proceeded on their journey into the state of Ohio.		
5.		
It has been revealed to and tried by men in various periods of the earth's history, but never has it had such a chance to redeem the world as it is having now.		
The righteous, who had been looking wistfully for some manifestation of the coming of the Lord, whispered to each other, 'The Lord is dying for the sins of the world!'		
They walked slowly along the paths as they talked.		
Will you all come with me into the reading room?		
Signe arose to go, but her father caught her forcibly by the arm.		
"Then Jesus stood in their midst, and they beheld the glorious presence of their Lord.		
Bogstad before he went to the saeter."		
I did not know she was in town."		
"Thank you," and he bowed as he gave the signal to begin again.		
Existence is eternal, and its various stages grade naturally into one another, like the different departments of a school."		
They were already within the outskirts of the city.		
"Yes, you are right.		
Had he been an American, he would, no doubt, have kissed her then and there; but being a Norwegian, he only looked his wonder and pleasure.		
Henrik was in Christiania, and was to be one of a party to spend the night on the hills above the city.		
Your words seemed to bring to me a glimpse of something better, but I never had the courage to speak to you until now."		
They knew that Henrik was a person of some importance back in Norway, and they wanted to show him that they also were "somebody."		
They   shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain for the earth shall   be full of the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the   sea."		
Once every four or five years, Henrik and Marie visited the Saints in the West, and spent some time in the temple.		
They readily consented.		
I, Rupert, have obeyed Peter's word, and have received the promise.		
* * * When the morning   stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy?"		
asked Remand of the guide.		
Rupert had been telling them some of his history, and when the conversation lagged, he asked the two cousins to sing that song about "O my Father."		
Rupert sympathized with his friend, and then told him of his errand.		
Mrs. Ames rubbed the cold hands, Nina became nervous, and Rupert looked down into the pale, beautiful face.		
"Yes, a man must do something; but there's nothing going on nownothing in our line."		
Then she also broke down, and at sight of her tears the son gained control of his own feelings, and tried to comfort his mother.		
They walked hand in hand for the last time in this, their first estate.		
From another rise, the rider saw the girl who was making all this wild music.		
After all, the world was not so dark with such a girl as Virginia Wilton waiting to become his wife.		
All that must be attended to before the resurrection, which for all of usluckilyis yet in the future.		
"Come, Hr.		
I just seemed to be waiting" "Yes?"		
How could such serious schemes brood behind such laughing lips and sparkling eyes?		
I may not call you king of Polandthere is but one King on this earthbut I will call you servants of the King, as we all are.		
"Two of the faces are familiar," remarked Remand, "but the third is strange.		
"Even a child is known by his doings."Prov.		
He could do the work for the male members of his family, but a woman must officiate for the female members.		
"They shall be gathered together as prisoners are gathered in the pit,   and shall be shut up in prison, and after many days shall they be   visited."		
From the hallway they entered a smaller room, decorated with beautiful pictures and adorned with statuary.		
Hr.		
But Rupert was a farmer, and they were not in demand within the city limits.		
Here he spent his last cent for a loaf of bread.		
His wife and her cousin were from Norway, the former having been in the country long enough to become Americanized; it was two years only since the latter had emigrated from her native land, so she spoke English with a foreign accent.		
She looked him steadily in the face, her swimming eyes not wavering.		
"Why, why," replied Remand, "He could save it, put it in the bank, invest it."		
No; the thought makes reason stare.		
The animal saw them coming, and extending himself at full length on the ground, seemed to enjoy the children's tumbling over his shaggy sides.		
School teaching had not, as yet, driven the roses from her cheeks, nor the smiles from her lips.		
"We have been taught that we shall get that position to which our preparation here entitles us.		
The foreigners did not fail to note the wonderful advances made in the arts and sciences and their practical application to everyday affairs.		
He was nearing home, anyway.		
My thoughts go out 'Over the high mountains,' as Bjornson says, and I want to be away to hear and see what the world is and has to tell me.		
"I used to know Henrik Bogstad of Nordal, Norway."		
The second class was forward.		
"Yes; Mother has informed me and I have been preparing for some time.		
Yet you two are husband and wife, are you not?"		
The Spirit of our Lord moved upon you to take this journey to his capital, and you chose to come as you did.		
"Where, then, can they hear it?"		
"Oh, yes, part of the time."		
It was midsummer.		
That is one of our most popular writers, and in many people's opinion, our best.		
He had said that he could call again in the evening.		
I sit up there and gaze and think, as Hansine says, nearly all night.		
It was a dull, cloudy day, and not a breath moved the odorous chokecherry bushes which lined the dusty road.		
He derived a peculiar satisfaction in this work, and he extended his researches until he had a large list of names on his mother's side as well as on his father's.		
His wife must be a pure, perfect creature.		
We must get her in the sittingroom on the sofa.		
The attainment of worldly wealth was at one time the standard of success.		
Rachel finished her little speech with a smilethe simple sweet smile, fixed into her nature for all time.		
I now owe more than we are worth in this world.		
I can never get her interested in my cows.		
And the passages to which they pointed read:   "My son, despise not the chastening of the Lord, nor faint   when thou art rebuked of him; for whom the Lord loveth he   chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.		
Mr. Janson listened with wonder at Rupert's description of Drybench reservoir, and how simple it would be to construct canals by which to water Chamogo valley.		
"That's all right," said his cousin Jack who voiced the universal opinion, "we live in a free country, you know, where one's religion isn't called into question."		
He described and explained the many deeply interesting scenes, and answered the numerous questions directed to him.		
Would you like to meet him?"		
At the end of the first year, Miss Wilton had so far shown that she was but common flesh and blood that Rupert had been in her company to a number of socials, and they had walked from church a few times together.		
She returned to the sixth chapter, sixtysecond verse, and he read:   "What and if ye see the Son of man ascend up to where He was before."		
Next morning Signe was very busy.		
III.		
Quantity is not always the test, for the gardener who supplies us with the choicest vegetables is counted just as successful as he who digs from the mountain his thousands in gold.... Who, in your country, is counted the greatest success in history?"		
"Well, I hardly know," replied the man.		
In a short time they drove up to Carlia's gate, and she and Dorian alighted.		
"The wheat is fine.		
"I'm glad.		
You cannot love poor me for my sake, but you are doing this for fear of not doing your duty.		
The driver looked with concern at the storm which was coming again down the mountain like a great white wave.		
I can't get mother to stay over night.		
I heard the preachers and read the philosophers to obtain, if possible, a clue to the mystery of life.		
What if sheshould die!		
The presentation could hardly be said to teach respect for old age, but the audience laughed uproariously at it.		
"What do you mean!"		
When the merriment had ceased, uncle Zed continued: "There is some truth in these definitions.		
Apply it again either to an individual or to the race, in time, some would attain to what we conceive of as perfection, and the term by which such beings are known to us is God.		
Now I must clear away my table and get ready for meeting.		
He meets her in the city sometimes.		
Yes, I have always, even as a child, looked up to you as someone big and strong and goodYes, I have always worshiped you, loved you!		
yet he could not appeal to her.		
"I should like to see her again," continued Dorian.		
"Not going home?		
It was a place to work.		
I'm not afraid."		
Man must be born from above.		
He now seated himself on the bank beside her.		
"In not seeing how much Mildred thinks of you."		
Uncle Zed had left with the Bishop a written statement, not in the form of a will, wherein he told what disposition was to be made of his simple belongings.		
The father and mother went to bed early, leaving the two young people by the diningroom fire.		
"Yes; haven't you met him?		
"No; not exactly.		
Carlia laughed scornfully.		
A soul who cannot function in the celestial glory, may do so in the terrestrial glory; one who cannot function in the terrestrial, may in the telestial; and one who cannot 'abide the law' or function in the telestial must find a place of no glory.		
exclaimed Dorian at sight of her.		
"I'll come back for you.		
When she had entirely disappeared, Dorian went back, gathered up his bundles, locked the door, and went wonderingly and meditatingly home.		
Now, let us take one of these Intelligences away back in the far distance past and place him in the path of progress so that the eternal law of growth and advancement will operate on him.		
Speak to Him there, for He hears, and spirit with spirit can meet,   Closer is He than breathing, and nearer than hands and feet.'		
The earth and all things on it known by the term nature is what I came here to know.		
Darwin's book was rather heavy, but by close application, the young student thought he learned what the scientist was "driving at."		
"Where shall we hang Dorian's picture?"		
Yes, ever since we were children playing in the fields and by the creek and the ditches.		
"Then you'll ride with us.		
He read: "'The acquisition of wealth brings with it the obligation of helping the poor; the acquisition of knowledge brings with it the obligation of teaching others; the acquisition of strength and power brings with it the obligation of helping the weak.		
Carlia introduced her escort, Mr. Lamont.		
The girl reached for a chair, then seated herself.		
Think of our all being bathed in a substance so delicate as to be itself unperceived, yet so dense as to be the carriage to our senses of messages from the world about us!		
When she saw Dorian, she smiled and reached out her hand, letting it lie in the big strong one.		
he asked as quietly as his trembling voice would allow.		
"What, Uncle Zed?"		
"I think perhaps we'll have to stop at the Hickson's tonight," he said.		
He had hardly realized that of his father's and he was not present when Mildred had passed away; but here he was again with death, and alone.		
With a sob she broke and sank down by the table, hiding her face in her arms.		
Dorian is a good boy, and I want all of you to know it."		
There was a winter scene where the houses were so sunk into the earth that only the roofs were visible.		
Immutable law decrees it, and not simply the ruling of an all wise power.		
"Oh, no; he's just uncle to everybody and no one in particular.		
Let us see: The sun rises, we say.		
Uncle Zed held out his hand and smiled.		
"That wasn't the whole truth.		
abruptly asked Uncle Zed.		
He had not expected her that afternoon as he thought the picture which she had been working on was finished; but after adjusting the flow of water, he joined her, relieving her of stool and easel.		
Now, don't be too long with your hoeing or with your chores, for supper will be early this evening."		
"I sometimes have thought that you cared for mebut I'm through with that now.		
Just hand me the book.		
"I've come to give you an invitation."		
"Well, that might help some.		
As Dorian approached, he saw a young man working with the machinery under the lifted hood.		
"Done?		
"What's the matter with you, Carlia?"		
"A very simple matter.		
Then, as she still gazed at him, her countenance changed and with concern in her voice, she asked, "Where's Carlia?"		
Darkness came on.		
Who are these people, and what are you doing here?"		
When Mildred had packed up to go home on the occasion of her former visit she had invited Mrs. Trent to take her pick of her drawings for her own.		
"Well, you look all right, but looks are deceivin'."		
The Christmas holidays that season were nearly spoiled for him.		
Open the door, it's terribly stuffy in here."		
They stood silently for a few moments side by side, looking at the glory of the setting sun through banks of clouds and then down behind the purple mountain.		
"We can't do that now, of course; but after a while when we get more time.		
"No; I guess not; but that's understood."		
He wanted to visit again the house where Carlia had been.		
"Not now," added the mother in a tone which indicated that she did not wish the implied occasion to be too severe.		
I have reached that point now, and so I am ready at any time, thank the Lord."		
He walked back to the fireplace and seated himself on the arm of Carlia's chair.		
She saw him, so there was no escape, and they spoke to each other.		
he asked.		
