lest	some	disaster	-PRON-	should	meet	'	twere	better	to	be	marry	at	the	fleet	.		
conquest	of	granada	.	]		
come	,	go	on	.		
what	be	that	-PRON-	say	,	minx	?		
yes	,	-PRON-	lord	,	that	would	do	very	well	amongst	people	of	quality	who	do	not	want	money	.		
if	-PRON-	be	,	madam	,	-PRON-	would	be	no	crime	,	money	.		
-PRON-	be	this	disposition	which	inspire	the	empty	cacus	to	deny	-PRON-	acquaintance	,	and	overlook	man	of	merit	in	distress	;	and	the	little	silly	,	pretty	phillida	,	or	foolida	,	to	stare	at	the	strange	creature	round	-PRON-	.		
merl	.		
what	,	-PRON-	be	in	love	,	-PRON-	suppose	?		
good	ignorance	will	still	believe	-PRON-	all	.		
mrs	m.		
toll	,	loll	,	loll	.	but	-PRON-	shall	have	-PRON-	begin	with	-PRON-	passion	immediately	;	and	-PRON-	have	rather	be	the	object	of	-PRON-	rage	for	a	year	than	of	-PRON-	love	for	half	an	hour	.		
for	a	new	one	.		
give	-PRON-	a	guinea	,	and	-PRON-	will	give	-PRON-	a	crown	a	night	as	long	as	-PRON-	run	.		
luck	.		
no	,	sir	,	-PRON-	be	in	a	ridinghood	,	and	say	-PRON-	have	bring	-PRON-	a	clean	shirt	.		
all	nature	wear	one	universal	grin	.		
methink	-PRON-	hear	  	the	sound	of	foot	:	  	no	;	'	twa	the	wind	that	shake	yon	cypress	bough	.	]		
-PRON-	may	as	well	have	talk	latin	or	greek	to	-PRON-	.		
oh	!		
hunc	.		
vile	murderess	,	beware	.		
well	,	colonel	,	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	be	set	out	for	life	,	and	so	-PRON-	wish	-PRON-	a	good	journey	.		
if	-PRON-	be	not	for	these	curse	hiss	and	catcall	March		
by	the	sun	,	moon	,	and	star	,	-PRON-	will	enjoy	-PRON-	,	though	-PRON-	be	in	thought	!		
oh	!		
March		
fust	.		
fust	.		
act	ii	.		
fust	.		
here	seat	let	-PRON-	view	the	dancer	'	sport	;	bid	-PRON-	advance	.		
this	be	the	end	of	the	first	act	,	sir	.		
q.		
-PRON-	be	ashamed	of	so	ignorant	a	carper	,	who	doth	not	know	that	an	epithet	in	tragedy	be	very	often	no	other	than	an	expletive	.		
book	.		
now	,	pray	,	no	more	interruption	;	for	this	scene	be	one	continual	joke	,	and	if	-PRON-	open	-PRON-	lip	in	-PRON-	-PRON-	will	break	the	thread	of	the	jest	.		
mrs	m.		
act	ii	.		
[	footnote	1	:	"	a	cobl	poet	indeed	,	"	say	mr	d.	;	and	yet	-PRON-	believe	-PRON-	may	find	as	monstrous	image	in	the	tragick	author	:	-PRON-	will	put	down	one	:	untie	-PRON-	fold	thought	,	and	let	-PRON-	dangle	loose	as	a	bride	's	hair	.	injure	love	.		
to	hell	then	,	like	a	rebel	as	-PRON-	be	,	and	give	-PRON-	service	to	the	rebel	there	.		
see	here	.		
sneer	.		
odzook	!		
q.		
what	,	be	sir	harry	go	to	change	side	then	,	that	-PRON-	be	to	have	all	this	interest	?		
griz	.		
mrs	m.		
though	the	taste	and	humour	of	the	visitor	be	to	be	chiefly	consider	,	yet	be	some	regard	likewise	to	be	have	to	that	of	the	master	of	the	house	;	for	otherwise	-PRON-	company	will	be	rather	a	penance	than	a	pleasure	.		
-PRON-	may	beseem	-PRON-	ill	t	'	appear	-PRON-	murderer	.		
fust	.		
nay	,	-PRON-	be	in	vain	to	deny	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	.		
pray	,	sir	,	who	be	these	character	?		
promp	.		
mrs	m.		
there	end	act	the	fourth	.		
this	-PRON-	take	to	be	a	lively	assurance	of	that	fierce	spirit	of	liberty	which	remain	among	-PRON-	,	and	which	mr	dryden	,	in	-PRON-	essay	on	dramatick	poetry	,	hath	observe	:	"	whether	custom	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	"	hath	so	insinuate	-PRON-	into	-PRON-	countryman	,	or	nature	hath	so	form	-PRON-	to	fierceness	,	-PRON-	know	not	;	but	-PRON-	will	scarcely	suffer	combat	and	other	object	of	horror	to	be	take	from	-PRON-	.	"		
o	,	there	be	a	magickmusick	in	that	sound	,	enough	to	turn	-PRON-	into	beef	indeed	!		
.		
scare	.		
.		
'	gad	,	that	be	true	;	-PRON-	have	forget	-PRON-	education	,	faith	,	when	-PRON-	writ	that	speech	;	-PRON-	be	a	fault	-PRON-	sometimes	fall	intoa	man	ought	to	have	the	memory	of	a	devil	to	remember	every	little	thing	;	but	come	,	go	on	,	go	oni'll	alter	-PRON-	by	and	by	.		
book	.		
avert	these	omen	,	ye	auspicious	star	!		
May		
-PRON-	will	be	of	another	opinion	before	the	play	be	over	;	at	present	-PRON-	hand	be	too	full	of	business	;	and	-PRON-	may	remember	,	sir	,	-PRON-	before	tell	-PRON-	this	be	none	of	-PRON-	play	wherein	much	be	say	and	nothing	do	.		
[	aside	.	]		
-PRON-	lord	,	-PRON-	would	have	-PRON-	girl	act	like	other	young	lady	;	but	-PRON-	do	not	know	any	man	of	quality	,	who	shall	introduce	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	?		
who	be	there	?	enter	maid	of	honour	.		
huncamunca	,	well	-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	a	princess	be	,	and	a	king	's	daughter	,	too	;	but	love	no	meanness	scorn	,	no	grandeur	fear	;	love	often	lord	into	the	cellar	bear	,	and	bid	the	sturdy	porter	come	up	stair	.		
here	fix	-PRON-	standard	;	what	be	this	place	call	?		
so	,	when	two	dog	be	fight	in	the	street	,	with	a	third	dog	one	of	the	two	dog	meet	,	with	angry	tooth	-PRON-	bite	-PRON-	to	the	bone	,	and	this	dog	smart	for	what	that	dog	have	do	.		
there	be	many	of	these	courtier	who	have	six	starve	footman	behind	a	coach	,	and	not	half	a	hogshead	of	wine	in	-PRON-	house	;	why	,	how	do	-PRON-	think	all	the	money	be	spend	?		
[	footnote	1	:	these	flood	be	very	frequent	in	the	tragick	author	:	  	near	to	some	murmuring	brook	-PRON-	will	lay	-PRON-	down	,	  	whose	water	,	if	-PRON-	should	too	shallow	flow	,	  	-PRON-	tear	shall	swell	-PRON-	up	till	-PRON-	will	drown	.		
-PRON-	see	thou	art	.		
why	dost	thou	leave	-PRON-	in	the	[	1	]	dark	alone	,	when	well	thou	know'st	-PRON-	be	afraid	of	sprite	?		
[	shake	-PRON-	head	.		
again	,	in	a	sixth	:	  	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	divide	from	-PRON-	.		
very	fine	,	sir	!		
but	,	by	the	star	and	glory	!		
bravely	do	,	-PRON-	boy	,	bravely	do	;	faith	,	-PRON-	party	have	get	the	day	.		
faith	,	sir	,	that	be	more	than	-PRON-	could	.		
scene	ii.marplay	,	senior	,	marplay	,	junior	.		
-PRON-	answer	-PRON-	at	first	with	procrastination	,	declare	,	from	time	to	time	,	-PRON-	would	mention	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	father	;	and	still	excuse	-PRON-	for	not	do	-PRON-	.		
in	this	manner	-PRON-	run	on	almost	a	quarter	of	an	hour	before	-PRON-	would	suffer	-PRON-	to	speak	.		
the	reader	may	easily	believe	-PRON-	be	on	no	account	please	with	amelia	's	presence	;	indeed	,	-PRON-	expect	from	-PRON-	some	of	those	insult	of	which	virtuous	woman	be	generally	so	liberal	to	a	frail	sister	:	but	-PRON-	be	mistaken	;	amelia	be	not	one	     	who	think	the	nation	ne'er	would	thrive	,	     	till	all	the	whore	be	burn	alive	.		
booth	here	make	a	low	bow	,	and	cry	,	"	o	dear	madam	,	how	ignorant	be	-PRON-	of	-PRON-	own	happiness	!	"		
vanity	be	always	contemptible	;	but	when	join	with	dishonesty	,	-PRON-	become	odious	and	detestable	.		
how	can	-PRON-	,	then	,	be	otherwise	than	surpriz	at	-PRON-	present	demand	?		
however	,	the	mirth	of	the	rest	,	and	a	pretty	liberal	quantity	of	punch	,	which	-PRON-	swallow	after	dinner	(	for	miss	matthews	have	order	a	very	large	bowl	at	-PRON-	own	expense	to	entertain	the	good	company	at	-PRON-	farewell	)	,	so	far	exhilarate	-PRON-	spirit	,	that	when	the	young	lady	and	-PRON-	retire	to	-PRON-	tea	-PRON-	have	all	the	mark	of	gayety	in	-PRON-	countenance	,	and	-PRON-	eye	sparkle	with	good	humour	.		
"	tace	,	madam	,	"	answer	murphy	,	"	be	latin	for	a	candle	:	-PRON-	commend	-PRON-	prudence	.		
here	-PRON-	fall	immediately	to	comment	on	the	foregoing	discourse	;	but	,	as	-PRON-	comment	be	,	-PRON-	believe	,	the	same	with	what	most	reader	have	make	on	the	same	occasion	,	-PRON-	shall	omit	-PRON-	.		
spite	,	therefore	,	be	the	only	motive	to	this	cruel	depredation	;	and	indeed	-PRON-	behaviour	on	the	occasion	sufficiently	convince	-PRON-	both	of	the	justice	of	-PRON-	suspicion	,	though	-PRON-	neither	of	-PRON-	durst	accuse	-PRON-	;	and	-PRON-	-PRON-	have	the	assurance	to	insist	very	strongly	(	though	-PRON-	could	not	prevail	)	with	amelia	to	turn	away	-PRON-	innocent	maid	,	say	,	-PRON-	would	not	live	in	the	house	with	a	thief	.	"		
-PRON-	would	then	repeat	the	compliment	which	other	have	make	to	-PRON-	own	beauty	,	and	could	not	forbear	once	cry	out	,	"	upon	-PRON-	soul	,	-PRON-	dear	billy	,	-PRON-	believe	the	chief	disadvantage	on	-PRON-	side	be	-PRON-	superior	fondness	;	for	love	,	in	the	mind	of	man	,	hath	one	quality	,	at	least	,	of	a	fever	,	which	be	to	prefer	coldness	in	the	object	.		
"	about	a	month	after	the	accident	,	when	amelia	begin	to	see	company	in	a	mask	,	-PRON-	have	the	honour	to	drink	tea	with	-PRON-	.		
the	man	assure	booth	that	-PRON-	have	make	no	mistake	;	say	,	"	if	-PRON-	name	be	booth	,	sir	,	-PRON-	be	positive	-PRON-	be	the	gentleman	to	whom	the	parcel	-PRON-	give	-PRON-	belong	.	"		
"	oh	!		
"	no	,	-PRON-	dear	child	,	"	say	the	mother	;	"	-PRON-	be	the	good	man	in	the	world	,	and	therefore	-PRON-	hate	-PRON-	.	"		
-PRON-	shake	the	major	by	the	hand	,	and	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	not	only	forgave	-PRON-	,	but	be	extremely	oblige	to	-PRON-	friendship	;	and	then	,	go	to	the	fryar	,	-PRON-	find	that	-PRON-	be	bagillard	's	confessor	,	from	whom	-PRON-	come	to	-PRON-	,	with	an	earnest	desire	of	see	-PRON-	,	that	-PRON-	may	ask	-PRON-	pardon	and	receive	-PRON-	forgiveness	before	-PRON-	die	for	the	injury	-PRON-	have	intend	-PRON-	.		
"	'	who	call	the	wretched	thing	that	be	alphonso	?	'		
that	look	of	-PRON-	frighten	-PRON-	to	death	.	'		
after	a	short	pause	of	a	few	moment	,	-PRON-	answer	,	with	great	solemnity	,	as	follow	:	"	young	man	,	-PRON-	be	entirely	unconcerned	at	-PRON-	groundless	suspicion	.		
come	,	madam	,	do	not	be	discourage	;	a	bit	of	manslaughter	and	cold	iron	,	-PRON-	hope	,	will	be	the	bad	:	or	perhaps	-PRON-	may	come	off	better	with	a	slice	of	chancemedley	,	or	se	defendendo	"	"	-PRON-	be	very	ignorant	of	the	law	,	sir	,	"	cry	the	lady	.		
"	to	confess	the	truth	,	-PRON-	be	afraid	-PRON-	often	compliment	what	-PRON-	call	upper	life	,	with	too	much	injustice	,	at	the	expense	of	the	low	.		
there	be	no	true	tenderness	but	in	a	woman	of	spirit	.		
to	hear	this	,	and	at	the	same	time	to	see	the	poor	delirious	creature	derive	the	great	horror	from	-PRON-	sight	,	and	mistake	-PRON-	for	a	highwayman	who	have	a	little	before	rob	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	then	ask	-PRON-	if	-PRON-	have	any	prospect	of	go	again	into	the	army	;	if	not	,	what	scheme	of	life	-PRON-	propose	to	-PRON-	?		
answer	the	governor	,	as	soon	as	-PRON-	have	recover	-PRON-	breath	,	for	-PRON-	almost	forsake	-PRON-	at	the	sight	of	the	black	word	hundred"no	,	no	;	there	may	be	people	indeedbut	-PRON-	be	not	one	of	those	.		
such	rise	-PRON-	often	see	in	life	,	without	be	able	to	give	any	satisfactory	account	of	the	mean	,	and	therefore	ascribe	-PRON-	to	the	good	fortune	of	the	person	.		
to	this	the	other	answered	(	-PRON-	be	sure	-PRON-	repeat	-PRON-	word	,	though	-PRON-	can	not	mimic	either	the	voice	or	air	with	which	-PRON-	be	spoken)'pray	,	miss	emily	,	which	be	to	be	the	judge	,	-PRON-	or	that	gentleman	?		
and	this	experiment	-PRON-	think	,	would	confirm	-PRON-	either	in	a	good	or	evil	opinion	of	that	gentleman	.		
"	when	the	major	be	dr	-PRON-	sister	seem	to	possess	-PRON-	whole	thought	,	and	all	-PRON-	care	be	to	relieve	-PRON-	grief	.		
however	,	-PRON-	will	tell	-PRON-	this	:	the	lawyer	and	mr.	robinson	have	be	lay	-PRON-	head	together	about	-PRON-	above	half	an	hour	this	afternoon	.		
"	fy	,	sir	,	"	answer	murphy	;	"	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	hate	all	this	;	but	,	if	the	lady	will	trust	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	because	,	-PRON-	will	do	the	good	in	-PRON-	power	.		
however	,	-PRON-	now	revive	this	in	-PRON-	mind	,	which	-PRON-	artificially	work	up	into	so	high	an	injury	,	that	-PRON-	assure	-PRON-	-PRON-	afford	-PRON-	no	little	comfort	.		
"	-PRON-	now	,	for	many	day	,	endure	the	great	torment	which	the	human	mind	be	,	-PRON-	believe	,	capable	of	feeling	;	and	-PRON-	can	honestly	say	-PRON-	try	all	the	mean	,	and	apply	every	argument	which	-PRON-	could	raise	,	to	cure	-PRON-	of	-PRON-	love	.		
as	to	perjury	in	civil	matter	,	-PRON-	be	not	so	very	criminal	.	"		
to	say	the	truth	,	if	all	which	unwittingly	dropt	from	miss	matthews	be	put	together	,	some	conclusion	may	,	-PRON-	seem	,	be	draw	from	the	whole	,	which	could	not	convey	a	very	agreeable	idea	to	a	constant	husband	.		
tenderness	for	woman	be	so	far	from	lessen	,	that	-PRON-	prove	a	true	manly	character	.		
"	well	,	madam	,	after	a	lecture	of	about	a	quarter	of	an	hour	's	duration	from	mrs.	harris	,	-PRON-	suffer	-PRON-	to	conduct	-PRON-	to	the	outward	gate	of	-PRON-	courtyard	,	whence	-PRON-	set	forward	in	a	disconsolate	condition	of	mind	towards	-PRON-	lodging	.		
-PRON-	be	highly	pleased	with	this	answer	,	in	which	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	could	discover	both	sense	and	spirit	.		
be	this	a	time	for	-PRON-	to	mention	a	thing	of	this	kind	to	-PRON-	father	?	'		
"	after	a	restless	and	sleepless	night	,	when	-PRON-	rise	the	next	morning	-PRON-	have	the	comfort	to	receive	a	visit	from	the	woman	of	the	house	,	who	,	after	a	very	short	introduction	,	ask	-PRON-	when	-PRON-	have	hear	from	the	captain	,	and	when	-PRON-	expect	to	see	-PRON-	?		
do	-PRON-	say	?		
-PRON-	do	assure	-PRON-	-PRON-	would	offer	-PRON-	no	less	be	-PRON-	-PRON-	own	case	.	"		
if	-PRON-	die	,	will	-PRON-	not	have	escape	the	horror	of	a	part	ten	thousand	time	more	dreadful	than	this	?		
reply	the	child	,	"	for	-PRON-	be	sure	-PRON-	be	very	good	.	"		
booth	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	have	hear	some	such	thing	-PRON-	,	and	then	continue	-PRON-	story	as	in	the	next	chapter	.		
-PRON-	have	just	take	a	lodging	in	the	verge	of	the	court	,	and	have	writ	-PRON-	dear	amelia	word	where	-PRON-	may	find	-PRON-	,	when	-PRON-	have	settle	-PRON-	affair	in	the	good	manner	-PRON-	could	.		
indeed	,	woman	can	not	be	caution	too	much	against	such	lover	;	for	though	-PRON-	have	hear	,	and	perhaps	truly	,	of	some	of	-PRON-	sex	,	of	a	virtue	so	exalt	,	that	-PRON-	be	proof	against	every	temptation	;	yet	the	generality	,	-PRON-	be	afraid	,	be	too	much	in	the	power	of	a	man	to	whom	-PRON-	have	own	an	affection	.		
-PRON-	then	force	the	poor	,	tremble	,	faint	amelia	out	of	the	room	;	which	when	-PRON-	have	do	,	-PRON-	begin	very	coolly	to	reason	with	-PRON-	on	the	folly	,	as	well	as	iniquity	,	which	-PRON-	have	be	guilty	of	;	and	repeat	to	-PRON-	almost	every	word	-PRON-	have	before	urge	to	-PRON-	daughter	.		
and	so	well	breed	be	the	good	woman	,	that	-PRON-	could	scarce	get	-PRON-	out	of	the	room	the	whole	night	.		
[	illustration	:	-PRON-	then	give	a	loose	to	-PRON-	passion	]	"	what	do	-PRON-	hear	?	"		
amelia	turn	pale	as	death	at	these	word	;	indeed	,	-PRON-	fear	-PRON-	would	have	faint	,	if	-PRON-	could	be	say	to	fear	,	who	have	scarce	any	of	-PRON-	sens	leave	,	and	be	in	a	condition	little	good	than	-PRON-	angel	's	.		
booth	be	then	satisfied	that	mr.	robinson	,	whom	-PRON-	do	not	yet	know	by	name	,	be	the	gamester	who	have	win	-PRON-	money	at	play	.		
there	be	time	,	however	,	for	the	boat	to	pass	and	repass	;	so	that	,	when	-PRON-	come	to	call	over	name	,	three	only	,	of	all	that	remain	in	the	ship	after	the	loss	of	-PRON-	own	boat	,	be	miss	.		
these	fatigue	,	add	to	the	uneasiness	of	-PRON-	mind	,	overpower	-PRON-	weak	spirit	,	and	throw	-PRON-	into	one	of	the	bad	disorder	that	can	possibly	attend	a	woman	;	a	disorder	very	common	among	the	lady	,	and	-PRON-	physician	have	not	agree	upon	-PRON-	name	.		
-PRON-	be	indeed	one	of	the	worthy	man	the	world	ever	produce	.		
-PRON-	then	put	a	bankbill	of	a	hundred	pound	into	mr.	booth	's	hand	,	and	ask	-PRON-	with	a	smile	if	-PRON-	do	not	think	-PRON-	have	reason	to	be	offend	with	so	much	insolence	?		
"	pardon	-PRON-	,	madam	,	"	answer	booth	;	"	-PRON-	hope	-PRON-	do	not	agree	with	mandevil	neither	,	who	hath	represent	human	nature	in	a	picture	of	the	high	deformity	.		
-PRON-	hope	-PRON-	be	not	to	take	up	-PRON-	lodging	with	these	creature	.	"		
"	fellow	!	"		
this	faithful	creature	come	into	the	hall	with	the	footman	who	have	drive	the	cart	.		
well	,	whoever	writ	-PRON-	be	a	matter	very	immaterial	;	yet	,	as	-PRON-	seem	so	odd	and	unaccountable	an	incident	,	-PRON-	could	not	help	mention	-PRON-	.		
thus	do	this	generous	colonel	(	for	generous	-PRON-	really	be	to	the	high	degree	)	restore	peace	and	comfort	to	this	little	family	;	and	by	this	act	of	beneficence	make	two	of	the	worthy	people	two	of	the	happy	that	evening	.		
be	glory	and	fame	,	and	not	-PRON-	amelia	,	the	happiness	of	-PRON-	husband	?		
what	this	be	the	reader	shall	know	in	the	next	chapter	.		
to	triumph	over	the	widow	,	for	whom	-PRON-	have	in	a	very	short	time	contract	a	most	inveterate	hatred	,	be	a	pride	not	to	be	describe	.		
"	oh	!		
-PRON-	would	be	so	stillwhy	can	not	-PRON-	billy	think	so	?		
"	after	a	scene	,	"	continue	-PRON-	,	"	too	tender	to	be	conceive	by	many	,	amelia	inform	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	have	receive	a	letter	from	an	unknown	hand	,	acquaint	-PRON-	with	-PRON-	misfortune	,	and	advise	-PRON-	,	if	-PRON-	ever	desire	to	see	-PRON-	more	,	to	come	directly	to	gibraltar	.		
when	amelia	therefore	perceive	the	visible	confusion	in	miss	matthews	-PRON-	presently	call	to	remembrance	some	story	which	-PRON-	have	imperfectly	hear	;	for	,	as	-PRON-	be	not	naturally	attentive	to	scandal	,	and	have	keep	very	little	company	since	-PRON-	return	to	england	,	-PRON-	be	far	from	be	a	mistress	of	the	lady	's	whole	history	.		
-PRON-	therefore	send	a	kind	note	to	-PRON-	the	moment	of	-PRON-	arrival	,	give	-PRON-	-PRON-	option	,	whether	-PRON-	would	come	to	-PRON-	at	the	inn	,	or	whether	-PRON-	should	that	evening	wait	on	-PRON-	.		
do	-PRON-	not	even	get	drunk	in	the	time	of	-PRON-	wife	's	delivery	?		
abroad	-PRON-	scarce	ever	go	,	lest	-PRON-	should	meet	any	of	-PRON-	former	acquaintance	;	for	-PRON-	sight	would	have	plunge	a	thousand	dagger	in	-PRON-	soul	.		
"	indeed	-PRON-	do	,	"	answer	-PRON-	briskly	.		
"	amelia	receive	the	news	with	the	high	transport	of	joy	;	-PRON-	say	that	-PRON-	great	fear	have	always	be	of	-PRON-	entring	again	into	the	army	.		
"	well	,	well	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	"	and	how	much	will	-PRON-	cost	?	"		
"	these	word	be	accompany	with	a	sigh	,	and	a	look	inexpressibly	tender	,	the	tear	at	the	same	time	overflow	all	-PRON-	lovely	cheek	.		
"	why	do	not	-PRON-	love	papa	then	?	"		
this	letter	throw	-PRON-	back	into	-PRON-	fit	of	dejection	,	in	which	-PRON-	have	not	continue	long	when	a	packet	from	the	country	bring	-PRON-	the	follow	from	-PRON-	friend	dr	harrison	:	"	sir	,	                          	lyons	,	january	21	,	n.	s.	"	though	-PRON-	be	now	on	-PRON-	return	home	,	-PRON-	have	take	up	-PRON-	pen	to	communicate	to	-PRON-	some	news	-PRON-	have	hear	from	england	,	which	give	-PRON-	much	uneasiness	,	and	concern	which	-PRON-	can	indeed	deliver	-PRON-	sentiment	with	much	more	ease	this	way	than	any	other	.		
-PRON-	lose	-PRON-	former	bedfellow	,	-PRON-	sister	,	and	-PRON-	may	,	-PRON-	think	,	guess	the	restthe	villain	find	mean	to	steal	to	-PRON-	chamber	,	and	-PRON-	be	undo	.		
"	-PRON-	amour	have	already	be	buzz	all	over	the	town	;	and	-PRON-	come	at	last	to	the	ear	of	mrs.	harris	:	-PRON-	have	,	indeed	,	observe	of	late	a	great	alteration	in	that	lady	's	behaviour	towards	-PRON-	whenever	-PRON-	visit	at	the	house	;	nor	could	-PRON-	,	for	a	long	time	before	this	evening	,	ever	obtain	a	private	interview	with	amelia	;	and	now	,	-PRON-	seem	,	-PRON-	owe	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	mother	's	intention	of	overhear	all	that	pass	between	-PRON-	.		
so	many	tender	idea	crowd	at	once	into	-PRON-	mind	,	that	,	if	-PRON-	may	use	the	expression	,	-PRON-	almost	dissolve	-PRON-	heart	.		
-PRON-	knock	softly	at	the	door	,	and	be	bid	to	open	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	find	the	major	in	-PRON-	sister	's	antechamber	warm	-PRON-	posset	.		
"	-PRON-	go	hence	to	pay	a	visit	to	miss	harris	,	whose	reception	of	-PRON-	be	,	-PRON-	think	,	truly	ridiculous	;	and	,	as	-PRON-	know	the	lady	,	-PRON-	will	endeavour	to	describe	-PRON-	particularly	.		
hence	,	-PRON-	worthy	reader	,	console	thyself	,	that	however	few	of	the	other	good	thing	of	life	be	thy	lot	,	the	good	of	all	thing	,	which	be	innocence	,	be	always	within	thy	own	power	;	and	,	though	fortune	may	make	thee	often	unhappy	,	-PRON-	can	never	make	thee	completely	and	irreparably	miserable	without	thy	own	consent	.		
-PRON-	mind	be	form	of	those	firm	material	of	which	nature	formerly	hammer	out	the	stoic	,	and	upon	which	the	sorrow	of	no	man	live	could	make	an	impression	.		
-PRON-	really	think	mrs.	ellison	hath	choose	very	well	.		
-PRON-	can	not	conceive	for	what	reason	.		
at	length	-PRON-	arrive	at	the	bailiff	's	mansion	,	and	be	usher	into	a	room	in	which	be	several	person	.		
the	girl	protest	in	the	solemn	manner	that	-PRON-	know	not	the	person	;	but	as	to	some	circumstance	-PRON-	begin	to	vary	a	little	from	-PRON-	first	account	,	particularly	as	to	the	pistol	,	concern	which	,	be	strictly	examine	by	booth	,	-PRON-	at	last	cried"to	be	sure	,	sir	,	-PRON-	must	have	have	pistol	about	-PRON-	.	"		
"	consider	,	dear	madam	,	to	what	a	wretched	condition	-PRON-	be	now	reduce	.		
what	the	villain	give	-PRON-	-PRON-	know	not	;	but	,	besides	be	intoxicate	,	-PRON-	perceive	effect	from	-PRON-	which	be	not	to	be	describe	.		
say	amelia."o	,	very	well	,	"	answer	the	serjeant	.		
"	under	these	circumstance	,	how	agreeable	to	poor	mr.	bennet	must	have	be	the	behaviour	of	mrs.	ellison	,	who	,	when	-PRON-	carry	-PRON-	-PRON-	rent	on	the	usual	day	,	tell	-PRON-	,	with	a	benevolent	smile	,	that	-PRON-	need	not	to	give	-PRON-	the	trouble	of	such	exact	punctuality	.		
-PRON-	now	burst	forth	into	some	very	satirical	invective	against	that	lady	,	and	declare	-PRON-	have	the	art	,	as	well	as	the	wickedness	,	of	the	devil	-PRON-	.		
"	-PRON-	be	glad	-PRON-	be	pleased	to	confirm	that	,	"	cry	booth	;	"	for	-PRON-	protest	-PRON-	be	an	entire	secret	to	-PRON-	till	this	day	.		
chapter	viii	.		
heaven	know	what	may	hereafter	be	-PRON-	fate	!	"		
but	if	booth	be	now	pleased	with	mrs.	bennet	,	amelia	be	still	more	pleased	with	-PRON-	than	ever	.		
whom	then	should	this	happy	man	envy	?		
"	and	a	member	of	parliament	?	"		
"	ay	,	indeed	!		
can	-PRON-	,	"	say	james	;	"	for	the	devil	take	-PRON-	if	-PRON-	know	a	more	lovely	woman	in	the	world	.	"		
"	-PRON-	thank	-PRON-	,	madam	,	"	cry	amelia	,	"	for	relieve	-PRON-	from	-PRON-	fear	on	-PRON-	account	;	-PRON-	tremble	at	the	consequence	of	this	second	acquaintance	with	such	a	man	,	and	in	such	a	situation	.	"		
booth	at	length	,	wonder	that	the	serjeant	do	not	speak	,	ask	-PRON-	,	what	-PRON-	business	be	?		
the	charm	of	liberty	,	against	-PRON-	will	,	rush	on	-PRON-	mind	;	and	-PRON-	could	not	avoid	suggest	to	-PRON-	how	much	more	happy	be	the	poor	wretch	who	,	without	controul	,	could	repair	to	-PRON-	homely	habitation	and	to	-PRON-	family	,	compare	to	-PRON-	,	who	be	thus	violently	,	and	yet	lawfully	,	tear	away	from	the	company	of	-PRON-	wife	and	child	.		
chapter	ix	.		
the	mention	of	this	translation	a	little	surprized	booth	;	not	only	as	the	author	have	just	declare	-PRON-	intention	to	forsake	the	tuneful	mus	;	but	,	for	some	other	reason	which	-PRON-	have	collect	from	-PRON-	conversation	with	-PRON-	author	,	-PRON-	little	expect	to	hear	of	a	proposal	to	translate	any	of	the	latin	poet	.		
neither	miss	bellamy	nor	mrs.	gibber	be	ever	in	a	great	consternation	on	the	stage	than	now	appear	in	the	countenance	of	mrs.	james	.		
some	rascal	,	envious	of	-PRON-	friendship	for	-PRON-	,	hath	bely	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	;	and	the	only	resentment	-PRON-	desire	be	,	to	convince	-PRON-	of	-PRON-	mistake	.	"		
and	since	-PRON-	force	the	confession	from	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	declare	,	-PRON-	think	such	beauty	,	such	sense	,	and	such	goodness	united	,	may	aspire	without	vanity	to	the	arm	of	any	monarch	in	europe	.	"		
as	-PRON-	be	entirely	void	of	all	suspicion	,	-PRON-	mind	throw	off	all	reserve	,	and	pleasure	only	fill	-PRON-	thought	.		
however	,	as	-PRON-	reader	may	likewise	be	glad	to	recover	-PRON-	spirit	also	,	-PRON-	shall	here	put	an	end	to	this	chapter	.		
-PRON-	then	take	a	bankbill	of	fifty	pound	from	-PRON-	pocketbook	,	and	say	,	"	-PRON-	will	pardon	-PRON-	,	dear	madam	,	if	-PRON-	chuse	to	impute	-PRON-	refusal	of	-PRON-	house	rather	to	a	dislike	of	-PRON-	wife	,	who	-PRON-	will	not	pretend	to	be	the	most	agreeable	of	woman	(	all	man	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	sigh	,	"	have	not	captain	booth	's	fortune	)	,	than	to	any	aversion	or	anger	to	-PRON-	.		
the	maid	,	conclude	that	-PRON-	mistress	be	not	yet	return	to	-PRON-	sens	,	answer	,	"	why	,	'	tis	-PRON-	master	,	madam	.		
contain	,	among	many	matter	,	the	exemplary	behaviour	of	colonel	james	.	when	mrs.	ellison	be	depart	,	mrs.	atkinson	begin	to	apply	all	-PRON-	art	to	soothe	and	comfort	amelia	,	but	be	presently	prevent	by	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	protest	,	madam	,	-PRON-	begin	to	grow	ashamed	of	this	husband	of	-PRON-	.		
"	pardon	-PRON-	,	madam	,	"	say	amelia	;	"	-PRON-	will	not	suppose	mr.	booth	's	inclination	ever	can	be	unreasonable	.		
the	footman	be	presently	summon	,	and	mrs.	james	deliver	-PRON-	-PRON-	message	,	which	be	to	countermand	the	order	which	-PRON-	have	give	that	very	morning	to	make	-PRON-	up	a	new	suit	of	brocade	.		
by	propagate	the	subscription	of	such	fellow	,	people	be	tired	out	and	withhold	-PRON-	contribution	to	man	of	real	merit	;	and	,	at	the	same	time	,	-PRON-	be	contribute	to	fill	the	world	,	not	only	with	nonsense	,	but	with	all	the	scurrility	,	indecency	,	and	profaneness	with	which	the	age	abound	,	and	with	which	all	bad	writer	supply	the	defect	of	genius	.	"		
-PRON-	husband	return	at	the	appoint	time	;	and	-PRON-	meet	-PRON-	with	an	agitation	of	mind	not	to	be	describe	.		
booth	then	acquaint	the	colonel	with	the	promise	-PRON-	have	receive	from	the	noble	lord	,	upon	which	james	shake	-PRON-	by	the	hand	,	and	heartily	wish	-PRON-	joy	,	cry	,	"	-PRON-	do	assure	-PRON-	,	if	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	interest	,	-PRON-	will	need	no	other	;	-PRON-	do	not	know	-PRON-	be	acquaint	with	-PRON-	.	"		
-PRON-	be	indeed	a	woman	of	most	profuse	generosity	,	and	could	not	bear	a	thought	which	-PRON-	deem	vulgar	or	sneaking	.		
now	this	be	a	love	,	child	,	which	can	not	produce	that	rational	happiness	which	a	woman	of	sense	ought	to	expect	.	'		
-PRON-	be	,	indeed	,	very	much	of	a	gentleman	,	and	spend	-PRON-	money	like	one	.		
these	be	on	-PRON-	weddingday	,	and	on	the	birthday	of	each	of	-PRON-	little	family	;	on	these	occasion	-PRON-	use	to	invite	two	or	three	neighbour	to	-PRON-	house	,	and	to	indulge	-PRON-	,	as	-PRON-	say	,	in	great	excess	;	for	so	-PRON-	call	drink	a	pint	of	very	small	punch	;	and	,	indeed	,	-PRON-	may	appear	excess	to	one	who	on	other	day	rarely	taste	any	liquor	strong	than	small	beer	.		
"	-PRON-	be	very	sorry	,	sir	,	"	cry	booth	very	gravely	,	and	turn	as	pale	as	death	,	"	-PRON-	should	entertain	a	thought	of	this	kind	;	a	thought	which	hath	almost	freeze	up	-PRON-	blood	.		
booth	embrace	-PRON-	friend	,	and	,	weep	over	-PRON-	,	pay	-PRON-	acknowledgment	with	tear	for	all	-PRON-	goodness	.		
the	colonel	,	when	-PRON-	find	-PRON-	could	not	prevail	with	amelia	to	accept	-PRON-	invitation	,	desist	from	any	farth	solicitation	.		
"	-PRON-	assure	-PRON-	,	madam	,	-PRON-	be	in	no	danger	,	"	return	mrs.	bennet	;	"	for	,	besides	that	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	could	have	pretty	well	rely	on	-PRON-	own	resolution	,	-PRON-	have	hear	since	,	at	st	edmundsbury	,	from	an	intimate	acquaintance	of	-PRON-	lord	's	,	who	be	an	entire	stranger	to	-PRON-	affair	,	that	the	high	degree	of	inconstancy	be	-PRON-	character	;	and	that	few	of	-PRON-	numberless	mistress	have	ever	receive	a	second	visit	from	-PRON-	.		
but	for	-PRON-	part	,	-PRON-	promise	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	like	-PRON-	beyond	all	other	woman	;	and	,	whilst	that	be	the	case	,	-PRON-	boy	,	if	-PRON-	mind	be	as	full	of	iniquity	as	pandora	's	box	be	of	disease	,	-PRON-	would	hug	-PRON-	close	in	-PRON-	arm	,	and	only	take	as	much	care	as	possible	to	keep	the	lid	down	for	fear	of	mischief	.		
"	-PRON-	own	-PRON-	be	,	"	cry	mrs.	bennet	,	recover	-PRON-	spirit	,	"	and	since	-PRON-	have	not	shew	-PRON-	to	that	woman	-PRON-	be	satisfied	.		
"	upon	-PRON-	word	,	madam	,	"	say	the	colonel	,	"	-PRON-	now	do	-PRON-	more	than	justice	.		
be	the	last	chapter	of	the	fifth	book	.	-PRON-	shall	now	return	to	colonel	james	and	mr.	booth	,	who	walk	together	from	colonel	bath	's	lodge	with	much	more	peaceable	intention	than	that	gentleman	have	conjecture	,	who	dream	of	nothing	but	sword	and	gun	and	implement	of	war	.		
at	length	mrs.	ellison	arrive	,	and	enter	the	room	with	an	air	of	gaiety	rather	misbecom	the	occasion	.		
"	how	cruelly	do	-PRON-	mistake	-PRON-	!	"		
when	-PRON-	have	be	go	therefore	about	half	an	hour	,	-PRON-	ring	-PRON-	bell	to	enquire	if	there	be	any	news	of	-PRON-	brother	;	a	question	which	-PRON-	repeat	every	ten	minute	for	the	space	of	two	hour	,	when	,	have	hear	nothing	of	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	begin	to	conclude	that	both	be	kill	on	the	spot	.		
-PRON-	then	discover	to	meo	mrs.	booth	!		
-PRON-	have	hitherto	defer	pay	a	visit	to	the	lord	whom	-PRON-	mention	to	have	be	formerly	-PRON-	fellow	collegiate	,	and	be	now	-PRON-	neighbour	,	till	-PRON-	could	put	-PRON-	in	decent	rigging	.		
but	,	though	the	reader	should	entertain	the	same	curiosity	,	-PRON-	must	be	excuse	from	satisfy	-PRON-	till	-PRON-	have	first	account	for	an	incident	which	-PRON-	have	relate	in	this	very	chapter	,	and	which	,	-PRON-	think	,	deserve	some	solution	.		
upon	-PRON-	word	,	though	,	to	be	serious	,	-PRON-	be	a	strange	story	,	and	,	as	the	girl	tell	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	know	not	what	to	make	of	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	look	upon	-PRON-	,	and	always	shall	look	upon	-PRON-	,	as	-PRON-	preserver	from	the	brink	of	a	precipice	,	from	which	-PRON-	be	fall	into	the	same	ruin	which	-PRON-	have	so	generously	,	so	kindly	,	and	so	nobly	disclose	for	-PRON-	sake	.	"		
-PRON-	own	,	-PRON-	have	often	think	,	if	statius	have	venture	no	farther	than	ovid	or	claudian	,	-PRON-	would	have	succeed	better	;	for	-PRON-	sylvae	be	,	in	-PRON-	opinion	,	much	good	than	-PRON-	thebais	.	"		
to	be	sincere	with	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	have	not	like	-PRON-	behaviour	for	some	time	.		
"	if	-PRON-	have	offend	-PRON-	,	madam	,	"	say	amelia	,	"	-PRON-	be	very	sorry	,	and	ask	-PRON-	pardon	;	but	,	besides	what	-PRON-	hear	from	-PRON-	,	mr.	booth	tell	-PRON-	"	"	o	yes	!	"		
"	what	can	all	this	mean	,	atkinson	?	"		
that	,	as	-PRON-	have	love	-PRON-	passionately	from	-PRON-	first	see	-PRON-	,	and	have	think	of	nothing	from	that	time	but	of	throw	-PRON-	at	-PRON-	foot	,	-PRON-	see	no	way	so	open	to	propitiate	-PRON-	aunt	as	that	which	-PRON-	have	take	by	commend	-PRON-	beauty	,	a	perfection	to	which	-PRON-	have	long	resign	all	claim	,	at	the	expense	of	-PRON-	understanding	,	in	which	-PRON-	lament	-PRON-	deficiency	to	a	degree	almost	of	ridicule	.		
for	of	a	very	good	family	be	-PRON-	come	,	-PRON-	assure	-PRON-	,	madam	,	though	-PRON-	now	let	lodging	.		
"	-PRON-	be	but	three	hundred	pound	,	indeed	,	sir	,	"	cry	the	serjeant	;	"	if	-PRON-	can	raise	three	hundred	pound	,	-PRON-	be	a	free	man	this	moment	.	"		
the	serjeant	be	immediately	call	in	,	pay	-PRON-	respect	to	the	colonel	,	and	be	acknowledge	by	-PRON-	.		
of	the	defect	of	-PRON-	beauty	-PRON-	be	,	perhaps	,	sensible	;	-PRON-	vanity	,	therefore	,	retreat	into	-PRON-	mind	,	where	there	be	no	lookingglass	,	and	consequently	where	-PRON-	can	flatter	-PRON-	with	discover	almost	whatev	beauty	-PRON-	please	.		
-PRON-	theno	!		
how	!		
"	good	heavens	!	"		
some	woman	now	,	in	-PRON-	situation	,	would	be	angry	that	-PRON-	have	not	make	confidante	of	-PRON-	;	but	-PRON-	never	desire	to	know	more	of	the	secret	of	other	than	-PRON-	be	pleased	to	intrust	-PRON-	with	.		
no	english	poet	,	as	-PRON-	remember	,	hath	come	up	to	-PRON-	;	nor	be	-PRON-	-PRON-	equal	to	the	undertaking	.		
"	-PRON-	should	scarce	,	however	,	have	be	so	sanguine	as	to	draw	this	conclusion	,	have	-PRON-	not	receive	some	hint	that	-PRON-	have	not	unhappily	place	-PRON-	affection	on	a	man	who	make	-PRON-	no	return	;	for	,	though	-PRON-	have	scarce	address	a	dozen	sentence	to	-PRON-	(	for	,	indeed	,	-PRON-	have	no	opportunity	)	,	yet	-PRON-	eye	have	reveal	certain	secret	to	-PRON-	with	which	-PRON-	be	not	displeased	.		
to	say	truth	,	-PRON-	believe	-PRON-	be	not	in	-PRON-	power	:	for	-PRON-	have	so	long	accustomed	-PRON-	to	one	and	the	same	strut	,	that	as	a	horse	,	use	always	to	trotting	,	can	scarce	be	force	into	a	gallop	,	so	could	no	passion	force	the	colonel	to	alter	-PRON-	pace	.		
"	why	,	there	now	,	"	cry	mrs.	ellison	,	"	while	-PRON-	will	indulge	these	extravagant	passion	,	how	can	-PRON-	be	capable	of	listen	to	the	voice	of	reason	?		
this	envy	-PRON-	have	long	ago	discover	,	and	have	take	great	pain	to	smother	-PRON-	,	carefully	avoid	ever	to	mention	a	latin	word	in	-PRON-	presence	,	and	always	submit	to	-PRON-	authority	;	for	indeed	-PRON-	despise	-PRON-	ignorance	too	much	to	dispute	with	-PRON-	.		
booth	's	countenance	greatly	clear	up	at	this	declaration	,	and	-PRON-	answer	with	a	smile	,	that	-PRON-	hop	-PRON-	ne	not	give	the	colonel	any	assurance	on	that	head	.		
booth	at	last	perceive	-PRON-	to	be	so	uneasy	,	that	,	as	-PRON-	see	no	hope	of	contrive	any	fiction	to	satisfy	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	oblige	to	tell	-PRON-	the	truth	,	or	at	least	part	of	the	truth	,	and	confess	that	-PRON-	have	have	a	little	skirmish	with	colonel	bath	,	in	which	,	-PRON-	say	,	the	colonel	have	receive	a	slight	wound	,	not	at	all	dangerous	;	"	and	this	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	"	be	all	the	whole	matter	.	"		
"	guilty	!	"		
"	and	why	not	in	-PRON-	rank	?	"		
in	truth	,	the	romancewriting	be	the	only	branch	of	-PRON-	business	now	that	be	worth	follow	.		
heaven	preserve	-PRON-	sens	,	madam!lord	,	sir	,	-PRON-	mistress	must	be	very	bad	not	to	know	-PRON-	!	"		
-PRON-	be	a	long	time	since	-PRON-	read	-PRON-	.		
