-PRON-	shall	follow	the	footpath	that	cross	 	over	the	hill	by	the	peartree	,	and	thence	descend	through	-PRON-	vineyard	,	 	take	a	short	way	home	.		
but	henceforth	in	the	heat	of	the	day	when	the	draught	shall	refresh	-PRON-	,	 	when	in	the	shade	ye	enjoy	-PRON-	rest	beside	a	clear	fountain	,	 	think	of	-PRON-	then	sometimes	and	of	all	-PRON-	affectionate	service	,	 	prompt	more	by	-PRON-	love	than	the	duty	-PRON-	owe	-PRON-	as	kindr	.		
then	the	pastor	reply	,	and	press	the	money	upon	-PRON-	:	 	"	none	should	be	backward	in	give	in	day	like	the	present	,	and	no	one	 	ought	to	refuse	to	accept	those	gift	which	in	kindness	be	offer	.		
"	let	-PRON-	make	haste	,	"	say	the	thoughtful	man	:	"	the	youth	's	wait	in	torture	;	 	come	-PRON-	let	-PRON-	hear	,	as	soon	as	-PRON-	may	,	the	jubilant	tiding	.	"		
-PRON-	will	reopen	tomorrow	,	when	plane	and	see	will	be	start	,	 	and	will	keep	on	through	the	hour	of	labor	from	morning	till	evening	.		
thus	-PRON-	speak	,	and	the	broad	stone	step	meanwhile	have	descend	 	with	-PRON-	companion	beside	-PRON-	,	and	on	the	low	wall	of	the	fountain	 	both	sit	-PRON-	down	.		
hermann	resolve	that	here	-PRON-	would	halt	,	with	-PRON-	horse	and	carriage	,	 	under	the	shade	of	the	tree	.		
yes	,	-PRON-	hermann	,	thy	father	's	old	age	thou	greatly	canst	gladden	,	 	if	thou	a	daughterinlaw	will	speedily	bring	to	-PRON-	dwelling	,	 	out	of	the	neighborhood	here	,	from	the	house	over	yonder	,	the	green	one	.		
thereupon	fiercely	arise	in	-PRON-	man	the	stern	resolution	 	what	have	be	lose	to	avenge	,	and	defend	whate'er	be	remain	,	 	every	man	spring	to	-PRON-	arm	,	by	the	flight	of	the	foeman	encourage	,	 	and	by	-PRON-	blanching	cheek	,	and	-PRON-	timorous	,	waver	glance	.		
straightway	the	son	break	in	,	and	with	wing'ed	word	make	-PRON-	answer	:	 	"	do	so	,	neighbor	,	and	go	and	make	thine	inquiry	;	but	with	thee	 	-PRON-	should	be	glad	if	-PRON-	minister	here	be	join	in	the	errand	:	 	two	such	excellent	man	would	be	irreproachable	judge	.		
thus	-PRON-	speak	;	and	scarce	have	-PRON-	end	when	enter	the	mother	,	 	hold	-PRON-	son	by	the	hand	,	and	so	lead	-PRON-	up	to	-PRON-	husband	.		
some	think	only	of	pleasure	and	perishable	apparel	;	 	others	will	cower	at	home	,	and	behind	the	stove	will	sit	brooding	.		
"	not	for	-PRON-	be	the	suit	,	and	'	tis	delicate	wooing	for	other	.	"		
-PRON-	say	:	"	-PRON-	carry	-PRON-	better	so	balanced	.		
-PRON-	that	have	once	beheld	city	so	cleanly	and	large	,	never	after	 	cease	-PRON-	own	native	city	,	though	small	-PRON-	may	be	,	to	embellish	.		
all	now	must	be	other	and	tasteful	,	 	so	-PRON-	call	-PRON-	;	and	white	be	the	lath	and	bench	of	woodwork	;	 	everything	simple	and	smooth	;	no	carving	longer	or	gilding	 	can	be	endure	,	and	the	wood	from	abroad	be	of	all	the	most	costly	.		
modestly	then	do	the	son	to	the	urgent	father	answer	;	 	"	truly	'	twa	-PRON-	wish	too	,	as	well	as	thine	own	,	to	have	choose	 	one	of	-PRON-	neighbor	's	daughter	,	for	-PRON-	have	be	bring	up	together	;	 	played	,	in	the	early	day	,	about	the	marketplace	fountain	;	 	and	,	from	the	other	boy	'	rudeness	,	-PRON-	often	have	be	-PRON-	defender	.		
but	when	-PRON-	look	at	the	dwelling	behind	,	where	up	in	the	gable	 	-PRON-	can	distinguish	the	window	that	mark	-PRON-	room	in	the	attic	;	 	when	-PRON-	look	back	,	and	remember	how	many	a	night	from	that	window	 	-PRON-	for	the	moon	have	watch	;	for	the	sun	,	how	many	a	morning	!		
suffer	-PRON-	,	then	,	to	go	hence	wherever	despair	shall	impel	-PRON-	:	 	since	by	-PRON-	father	-PRON-	the	decisive	word	have	be	speak	;	 	since	-PRON-	house	can	no	longer	be	mine	if	-PRON-	shut	out	the	maiden	,	 	-PRON-	whom	alone	as	-PRON-	bride	-PRON-	desire	to	bring	to	-PRON-	dwelling	.	"		
and	-PRON-	be	vexed	when	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	wound	-PRON-	pride	;	but	more	deeply	 	felt	-PRON-	aggrieve	that	-PRON-	the	goodwill	should	so	far	misinterpret	 	that	in	-PRON-	heart	-PRON-	bear	-PRON-	,	especially	minna	the	young	.		
long	since	-PRON-	house	be	smile	upon	-PRON-	in	modish	apparel	!		
go	back	!		
-PRON-	a	maiden	have	here	descry	in	the	neighboring	garden	,	 	under	an	appletree	sitting	,	and	make	up	garment	for	child	 	"	out	of	secondhand	stuff	that	somebody	doubtless	have	give	;	 	and	-PRON-	be	pleased	with	-PRON-	aspect	:	-PRON-	seem	like	a	girl	to	be	trust	.		
greatly	be	courtesy	value	among	-PRON-	neighbor	the	frenchmen	,	 	during	-PRON-	early	day	;	-PRON-	be	common	to	noble	and	burgher	,	 	as	to	the	peasant	,	and	every	one	make	-PRON-	the	rule	of	-PRON-	household	.		
tell	-PRON-	whatev	thou	knowest	:	-PRON-	ask	-PRON-	with	honest	intention	.	"		
as	by	the	house	-PRON-	straightway	can	tell	the	mind	of	the	master	,	 	so	,	when	-PRON-	walk	through	a	city	,	-PRON-	judge	of	the	person	who	rule	-PRON-	.		
hasten	and	show	-PRON-	in	this	a	proof	of	the	wisdom	-PRON-	honor	.	"		
these	have	be	lose	,	hitherto	,	from	the	sight	of	-PRON-	sorrowing	mother	;	 	but	in	the	midst	of	the	crowd	the	old	man	now	have	descry	-PRON-	.		
would	not	comfort	-PRON-	sorrow	.		
yea	,	-PRON-	could	even	believe	-PRON-	be	speak	with	joshua	or	moses	.	"		
out	from	the	veil	,	now	here	and	now	there	,	with	fiery	flash	,	 	gleaming	over	the	field	shoot	forth	the	ominous	lightning	.		
gentle	,	-PRON-	be	;	-PRON-	be	sure	now	-PRON-	little	excitement	be	over	,	 	and	-PRON-	can	feel	how	unjust	-PRON-	passion	have	make	-PRON-	to	other	.		
all	such	affair	be	then	conduct	in	regular	fashion	.		
thou	have	pity	-PRON-	often	thyself	;	for	much	do	-PRON-	suffer	,	 	ever	remember	with	cordial	respect	the	kindness	of	parent	,	 	solely	intent	on	increase	for	-PRON-	-PRON-	good	and	possession	,	 	much	deny	-PRON-	in	order	to	save	for	-PRON-	child	.		
"	tell	-PRON-	,	"	the	pastor	return	,	"	what	legerdemain	-PRON-	make	use	of	.	"		
thereupon	smile	the	father	reply	:	"	thus	love	-PRON-	to	hear	thee	!		
but	-PRON-	now	be	come	hither	to	tell	thee	 	what	be	-PRON-	wish	as	-PRON-	.	forgive	-PRON-	-PRON-	stammer	language	.	"		
besides	-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	wrath	after	dinner	,	 	when	-PRON-	most	hastily	speak	,	and	question	all	other	'	opinion	,	 	signifies	naught	;	the	full	force	of	-PRON-	violent	will	be	excited	 	then	by	the	wine	,	which	let	-PRON-	not	heed	the	language	of	other	;	 	none	but	-PRON-	do	-PRON-	see	and	feel	.		
and	to	-PRON-	question	make	answer	the	good	and	intelligent	hermann	:	 	"	ah	,	what	wisdom	thou	show	,	thou	good	,	thou	excellent	maiden	,	 	ask	thus	first	of	all	concern	the	taste	of	-PRON-	parent	!		
eager	and	voluble	then	the	woman	embrace	dorothea	;	 	hermann	draw	-PRON-	away	;	but	other	adieus	must	be	speak	:	 	lastly	the	child	with	cry	fall	upon	-PRON-	and	terrible	weeping	,	 	clung	to	-PRON-	garment	,	and	would	not	-PRON-	dear	second	mother	should	leave	-PRON-	.		
but	that	thou	straightway	the	reason	mayst	know	for	which	-PRON-	be	hither	 	come	to	draw	,	where	pure	and	unfail	the	water	be	flow	,	 	this	-PRON-	must	tell	thee	,	that	all	the	water	-PRON-	have	in	the	village	 	have	by	improvident	people	be	trouble	with	horse	and	oxen	 	wading	direct	through	the	source	which	bring	the	inhabitant	water	.		
but	-PRON-	be	ever	aware	,	and	now	-PRON-	heart	give	-PRON-	assurance	,	 	that	till	the	hour	appoint	be	come	,	and	the	maiden	appoint	 	shall	with	the	hour	appear	,	the	choice	will	be	leave	for	the	future	,	 	while	more	strong	than	all	else	will	be	fear	of	grasp	the	wrong	one	.		
but	who	would	look	at	-PRON-	now	!		
clio	the	age	 	now	when	the	foreign	judge	have	be	by	the	minister	question	 	as	to	-PRON-	people	's	distress	,	and	how	long	-PRON-	exile	have	last	,	 	thus	make	answer	the	man	:	"	of	no	recent	date	be	-PRON-	sorrow	;	 	since	of	the	gathering	bitter	of	year	-PRON-	people	have	drunken	,	 	bitterness	all	the	more	dreadful	because	such	fair	hope	have	be	blight	.		
quietly	then	,	and	with	serious	word	,	the	son	make	-PRON-	answer	:	 	"	if	-PRON-	have	act	as	ye	will	commend	,	-PRON-	know	not	;	but	-PRON-	follow	 	that	which	-PRON-	heart	bid	-PRON-	do	,	as	-PRON-	shall	exactly	relate	-PRON-	.		
and	at	the	end	of	the	city	the	flame	begin	,	and	go	course	 	quickly	along	the	street	,	create	a	draught	in	-PRON-	passage	.		
the	father	,	however	;	in	passion	 	after	-PRON-	call	,	"	yes	,	go	,	thou	obstinate	fellow	!		
rather	than	ever	today	would	-PRON-	make	up	-PRON-	mind	to	be	marry	:	 	many	a	worthy	maiden	be	need	a	husband	's	protection	,	 	and	the	man	need	an	inspiriting	wife	when	ill	be	impending	.	"		
yet	thou	appearest	ill	fit	for	this	,	since	already	so	deeply	 	stung	by	the	father	's	jest	:	whereas	there	be	nothing	more	common	 	than	for	a	girl	to	be	tease	on	account	of	a	youth	-PRON-	may	fancy	.	"		
great	be	the	pane	in	the	window	;	and	how	the	glass	sparkle	and	glitter	,	 	cast	quite	into	the	shade	the	rest	of	the	marketplace	house	!		
then	with	serious	look	the	magistrate	answer	-PRON-	,	say	:	 	"	truly	-PRON-	time	may	well	be	compare	with	all	other	in	strangeness	,	 	which	be	in	history	mention	,	profane	or	sacred	tradition	;	 	for	who	have	yesterday	live	and	today	in	time	like	the	present	,	 	-PRON-	have	already	live	year	,	event	be	so	crowded	together	.		
how	cam	thou	hither	?	"		
both	of	the	waterjar	then	in	silence	-PRON-	take	by	the	handle	,	 	carry	-PRON-	up	the	step	,	while	behind	-PRON-	follow	-PRON-	lover	.		
nay	,	-PRON-	assure	thee	that	never	before	have	word	such	as	these	be	 	freely	drop	from	-PRON-	tongue	,	which	be	not	accustomed	to	prattle	;	 	but	from	out	of	-PRON-	bosom	thou	lurest	-PRON-	every	secret	.		
death	can	not	frighten	the	crowd	:	one	multitude	follow	another	.		
thus	-PRON-	speak	and	listen	;	for	now	be	hear	in	the	distance	 	clattering	of	horse	'	hoof	draw	near	,	and	the	roll	of	the	wagon	,	 	which	,	with	furious	haste	,	come	thunder	under	the	gateway	.		
arm	and	foot	,	besides	,	have	be	mightily	strengthen	by	labor	.		
"	that	will	-PRON-	gladly	relate	,	for	all	may	draw	from	-PRON-	a	lesson	;	"	 	so	make	the	neighbor	reply	.		
no	:	man	have	need	of	patience	,	and	needful	to	-PRON-	be	also	 	calmness	and	clearness	of	mind	,	and	a	pure	and	right	understanding	.		
cheerfully	say	in	reply	the	excellent	pastor	,	and	kindly	:	 	"	keep	thyself	firm	in	the	faith	,	and	firm	abide	in	this	temper	;	 	for	-PRON-	make	steadfast	and	wise	when	fortune	be	fair	,	and	when	evil	,	 	furnishes	sweet	consolation	and	animate	hop	the	sublime	.	"		
many	the	thing	-PRON-	have	do	;	but	then	the	cost	of	such	change	 	who	do	not	fear	,	especially	now	in	this	season	of	danger	?		
hark	to	-PRON-	,	mother	:	for	-PRON-	in	the	depth	of	-PRON-	heart	be	determine	 	quickly	to	do	,	and	at	once	,	what	appear	to	-PRON-	right	and	in	reason	;	 	for	-PRON-	choose	not	always	the	good	who	long	consider	.		
genuine	love	mature	in	a	moment	the	youth	into	manhood	;	 	-PRON-	be	not	easily	move	;	and	-PRON-	fear	that	if	this	be	refuse	-PRON-	,	 	sadly	-PRON-	year	will	go	by	,	those	year	that	should	be	the	fair	,	"	 	straightway	then	in	a	thoughtful	tone	the	doctor	make	answer	,	 	on	whose	tongue	for	a	long	time	past	the	word	have	be	tremble	:	 	"	pray	let	-PRON-	here	as	before	pursue	the	safe	middle	course	only	.		
and	in	an	instant	-PRON-	heart	have	decide	,	and	quietly	drive	 	after	the	maiden	,	-PRON-	soon	overtake	-PRON-	,	and	say	to	-PRON-	quickly	:	 	'	hearken	,	good	maiden;my	mother	pack	up	not	linenstuff	only	 	into	the	carriage	,	that	-PRON-	should	have	clothe	to	furnish	the	naked	;	 	wine	and	beer	-PRON-	add	besides	,	and	supply	of	provision	:	 	plenty	of	all	these	thing	-PRON-	have	in	the	box	of	the	carriage	.		
little	enough	,	-PRON-	be	true	;	but	even	that	little	be	precious	.		
strange	-PRON-	be	for	-PRON-	to	seek	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	never	have	go	to	a	distance	 	that	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	not	first	,	to	spare	-PRON-	affectionate	mother	 	every	anxious	thought	,	and	fear	that	aught	ill	have	befall	.		
thou	,	too	,	excellent	man	!	"		
man	will	always	be	hasty	,	-PRON-	thought	to	extreme	ever	run	:	 	easily	out	of	-PRON-	course	the	hasty	be	turn	by	a	hindrance	.		
then	-PRON-	rise	hastily	up	,	with	a	yearning	the	place	to	revisit	 	whereon	-PRON-	dwelling	have	stand	,	and	to	see	if	the	hen	have	be	rescue	,	 	which	-PRON-	especially	love	,	for	-PRON-	still	be	a	child	in	-PRON-	feeling	.		
always	majestic	-PRON-	seem	,	and	-PRON-	mind	and	spirit	exalt	.		
for	who	acknowledge	not	,	that	since	-PRON-	dread	conflagration	,	 	when	-PRON-	so	hardly	chastise	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	now	be	continually	bless	,	 	constantly	shield	,	as	man	the	apple	of	-PRON-	eye	watch	over	,	 	hold	-PRON-	precious	and	dear	above	all	the	rest	of	-PRON-	member	?		
every	one	use	-PRON-	own	;	in	-PRON-	own	individual	fashion	,	 	each	must	be	happy	and	good	.		
so	-PRON-	arise	from	-PRON-	seat	,	and	over	the	cornfield	descend	,	 	through	the	luxuriant	grain	,	enjoy	the	brightness	of	evening	,	 	until	-PRON-	come	to	the	vineyard	,	and	so	enter	into	-PRON-	shadow	.		
with	delight	-PRON-	perceive	that	-PRON-	hermann	 	have	the	good	taste	of	-PRON-	father	,	who	often	show	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	young	day	,	 	lead	out	always	the	fair	to	dance	,	and	bring	the	fair	 	finally	home	as	-PRON-	wife	;	-PRON-	dear	little	mother	here	that	be	.		
thereupon	follow	the	war	,	and	armed	body	of	frenchmen	 	press	to	-PRON-	nearer	;	yet	nothing	but	friendship	-PRON-	seem	to	be	bring	;	 	ay	,	and	-PRON-	bring	-PRON-	too	;	for	exalt	the	spirit	within	-PRON-	:	 	-PRON-	with	rejoice	the	festive	tree	of	liberty	plant	,	 	promising	every	man	what	be	-PRON-	own	,	and	to	each	-PRON-	own	ruling	.		
e'en	as	far	off	as	-PRON-	then	be	,	the	doctor	begin	to	address	-PRON-	;	 	but	-PRON-	be	presently	near	come	and	then	the	good	pastor	 	grasp	-PRON-	hand	and	exclaim	,	interrupt	the	word	of	-PRON-	comrade	:	 	"	hail	to	thee	,	o	young	man	!		
on	-PRON-	without	delay	the	shin	bit	-PRON-	adjust	,	 	hastily	draw	the	strap	through	the	buckle	of	beautiful	plating	,	 	firmly	fasten	then	the	long	broad	rein	,	and	the	horse	 	lead	without	to	the	courtyard	,	whither	the	willing	assistant	 	have	with	ease	,	by	the	pole	,	already	draw	forward	the	carriage	.		
for	who	among	-PRON-	have	mean	for	pay	the	workpeople	's	wage	 	lately	-PRON-	have	an	idea	of	give	the	archangel	michael	,	 	make	the	sign	of	-PRON-	shop	,	another	fresh	coating	of	gilding	,	 	and	to	the	terrible	dragon	about	-PRON-	foot	that	be	wind	;	 	but	-PRON-	e'en	let	-PRON-	stay	browned	as	-PRON-	be	:	-PRON-	dread	the	charge	.	"		
denser	soon	grow	the	press	.		
rich	be	the	man	,	-PRON-	can	tell	thee	.		
let	not	man	prattle	of	freedom	,	as	if	-PRON-	-PRON-	could	govern	!		
know	that	'	tis	not	as	a	lover	that	-PRON-	have	bring	hither	the	maiden	;	 	but	-PRON-	believe	that	as	servant	-PRON-	come	to	the	house	,	and	-PRON-	tremble	 	lest	in	displeasure	-PRON-	fly	as	soon	as	there	be	mention	of	marriage	.		
but	who	can	do	as	the	merchant	do	,	who	,	with	-PRON-	resource	,	 	know	the	method	as	well	by	which	the	good	be	arrive	at	?		
a	great	part	of	the	company	have	be	delight	with	this	address	,	and	the	manner	in	which	-PRON-	deliver	-PRON-	,	and	seem	to	approve	of	the	notion	;	yet	some	couple	look	at	each	other	as	if	-PRON-	think	that	-PRON-	would	not	answer	-PRON-	purpose	:	-PRON-	therefore	cry	with	humorous	vehemence	,	"	truly	!		
-PRON-	indulge	-PRON-	in	a	distorted	aversion	from	-PRON-	countryman	,	and	describe	with	ludicrous	touch	even	what	-PRON-	be	able	to	undertake	.		
as	that	of	which	-PRON-	already	know	the	content	have	now	to	be	stutter	in	a	strange	gibberish	,	in	which	a	certain	snuffle	and	gargle	be	not	a	little	commend	as	something	unattainable	,	-PRON-	in	a	certain	degree	deviate	from	the	matter	,	and	divert	-PRON-	,	in	a	childish	way	,	with	the	singular	name	of	these	accumulate	sign	.		
the	many	affair	which	be	settle	before	the	tribunal	of	the	royal	lieutenant	have	quite	a	peculiar	charm	,	from	-PRON-	make	-PRON-	a	point	to	accompany	-PRON-	decision	with	some	witty	,	ingenious	,	or	lively	turn	.		
two	river	out	of	four	,	the	euphrates	and	tigris	,	still	flow	in	-PRON-	bed	.		
-PRON-	picture	to	-PRON-	so	often	and	so	circumstantially	-PRON-	condition	and	-PRON-	own	,	and	,	as	a	contrast	,	the	contented	state	of	another	couple	in	-PRON-	company	,	that	at	last	-PRON-	could	not	forbear	treat	this	situation	dramatically	,	as	a	painful	and	instructive	penance	.		
"	but	-PRON-	do	not	hit	-PRON-	weak	side	yet	,	interpreter	.		
in	pursuance	of	these	principle	,	-PRON-	employ	for	many	year	the	whole	of	the	frankfort	artist	,	the	painter	hirt	,	who	excel	in	animate	oak	and	beech	wood	,	and	other	socalled	rural	scene	,	with	cattle	;	trautmann	,	who	have	adopt	rembrandt	as	-PRON-	model	,	and	have	attain	great	perfection	in	enclose	light	and	reflection	,	as	well	as	in	effective	conflagration	,	so	that	-PRON-	be	once	order	to	paint	a	companion	piece	to	a	rembrandt	;	schutz	,	who	diligently	elaborate	landscape	of	the	rhine	country	,	in	the	manner	of	sachtlebens	;	and	junker	,	who	execute	with	great	purity	flower	and	fruit	piece	,	still	life	,	and	figure	quietly	employ	,	after	the	model	of	the	dutch	.		
the	harm	which	be	do	when	young	people	at	school	be	advance	too	far	in	many	thing	be	afterwards	manifest	still	more	when	time	and	attention	be	divert	from	exercise	in	the	language	,	and	a	foundation	in	what	be	,	properly	speak	,	preparatory	study	,	in	order	to	be	apply	to	what	be	call	"	realities	,	"	which	dissipate	more	than	-PRON-	cultivate	,	if	-PRON-	be	not	methodically	and	thoroughly	teach	.		
this	threat	-PRON-	take	in	very	ill	part	.		
but	now	all	at	once	appear	a	new	army	of	little	character	and	sign	,	of	point	and	stroke	of	all	sort	,	which	be	in	fact	to	represent	vowel	.		
the	erection	,	in	so	short	a	time	,	of	so	many	booth	,	create	a	new	town	within	the	old	one	;	the	roll	and	crush	,	the	unloading	and	unpacking	of	ware	,	excite	from	the	very	first	dawn	of	consciousness	an	insatiable	active	curiosity	,	and	a	boundless	desire	for	childish	property	,	which	the	boy	with	increase	year	endeavor	to	gratify	,	in	one	way	or	another	,	as	far	as	-PRON-	little	purse	permit	.		
-PRON-	do	-PRON-	with	everincreas	facility	,	because	-PRON-	come	by	instinct	,	and	no	criticism	have	lead	-PRON-	astray	;	and	,	if	-PRON-	do	not	feel	full	confidence	in	-PRON-	production	,	-PRON-	could	certainly	regard	-PRON-	as	defective	,	but	not	such	as	to	be	utterly	reject	.		
the	battle	begin	:	-PRON-	ascend	to	the	garret	,	where	indeed	-PRON-	be	prevent	see	the	country	round	,	but	could	very	well	hear	the	thunder	of	cannon	and	the	general	discharge	of	musketry	.		
a	boy	's	legend	.		
in	the	consciousness	of	-PRON-	good	intention	,	and	accord	to	-PRON-	way	of	thinking	and	the	conception	-PRON-	have	of	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	believe	that	-PRON-	deserve	such	a	distinction	,	which	,	indeed	,	be	not	conformable	to	law	or	precedent	.		
-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	that	a	person	connect	with	the	magistracy	have	wait	below	with	-PRON-	father	for	the	return	of	the	family	friend	,	and	that	,	after	-PRON-	have	be	closet	together	for	some	time	,	both	the	gentleman	have	depart	,	have	talk	to	each	other	with	apparent	satisfaction	,	and	have	even	laugh	.		
at	home	-PRON-	have	to	write	and	copy	;	every	thing	have	to	be	see	:	and	so	end	the	month	of	march	,	the	second	half	of	which	have	be	so	rich	in	festival	for	-PRON-	.		
with	both	hand	-PRON-	clasp	-PRON-	fold	arm	,	and	rest	-PRON-	on	the	edge	of	the	table	.		
-PRON-	house	stand	in	the	friedberg	street	,	and	appear	to	have	be	formerly	a	fortress	;	for	,	on	approach	-PRON-	,	nothing	be	see	but	a	large	gate	with	battlement	,	which	be	join	on	either	side	to	the	two	neighbor	house	.		
in	rhetoric	,	composition	,	and	such	matter	,	no	one	excel	-PRON-	;	although	-PRON-	be	often	put	back	for	fault	of	grammar	.		
ground	as	-PRON-	be	in	the	bible	,	all	that	be	want	be	merely	the	faith	to	explain	as	divine	that	which	-PRON-	have	hitherto	esteem	in	human	fashion	,	a	belief	the	easy	for	-PRON-	,	since	-PRON-	have	make	-PRON-	first	acquaintance	with	that	book	as	a	divine	one	.		
-PRON-	see	one	of	the	palatine	domestic	official	,	whom	-PRON-	ask	whether	-PRON-	could	not	take	-PRON-	in	with	-PRON-	.		
therefore	-PRON-	jump	up	;	and	as	-PRON-	see	the	little	host	with	-PRON-	leader	achilles	scatter	around	-PRON-	,	have	be	drive	over	with	-PRON-	by	the	rise	of	the	rail	,	-PRON-	seize	the	hero	first	,	and	throw	-PRON-	against	a	tree	.		
thus	,	what	von	loen	have	try	to	do	in	respect	to	courtlife	,	-PRON-	would	have	do	for	businesslife	;	introduce	into	-PRON-	a	more	conscientious	mode	of	proceed	.		
-PRON-	grandfather	have	give	-PRON-	a	free	ticket	,	which	-PRON-	use	daily	,	in	spite	of	-PRON-	father	's	reluctance	,	by	dint	of	-PRON-	mother	's	support	.		
such	humorous	act	of	dare	,	bring	on	the	theatre	with	wit	and	sense	,	be	of	the	great	effect	.		
for	-PRON-	who	feel	any	thing	productive	in	-PRON-	-PRON-	be	a	desperate	condition	.		
all	who	discharge	the	customary	office	on	such	occasion	rise	against	the	innovation	.		
-PRON-	eye	be	not	the	fine	-PRON-	have	ever	see	,	but	the	deep	,	behind	which	-PRON-	expect	the	most	;	and	when	-PRON-	express	any	affection	,	any	love	,	-PRON-	brilliancy	be	unequalled	.		
on	this	point	,	too	,	-PRON-	have	notion	which	refer	,	not	only	to	the	bible	,	but	also	to	"	gottfried	's	chronicle	;	"	and	when	-PRON-	be	agree	that	-PRON-	be	to	stay	,	-PRON-	give	-PRON-	purse	,	such	as	-PRON-	be	,	into	the	charge	of	-PRON-	hostess	,	and	request	-PRON-	to	furnish	-PRON-	from	-PRON-	,	if	any	thing	should	be	necessary	.		
-PRON-	drive	out	with	-PRON-	,	entertain	-PRON-	at	-PRON-	country	house	,	and	-PRON-	seem	soon	to	recover	.		
this	be	the	epoch	when	that	appear	which	-PRON-	know	as	light	,	and	when	that	begin	which	-PRON-	be	accustomed	to	designate	by	the	word	creation	.		
this	seem	to	-PRON-	to	be	well	attain	by	great	attention	to	the	peculiarity	of	time	and	manner	and	of	distinguished	individual	.		
-PRON-	,	on	-PRON-	side	,	be	likewise	not	particularly	skilful	in	adapt	-PRON-	to	people	.		
-PRON-	wear	blue	mantle	trim	with	gold	,	have	the	note	make	fast	to	-PRON-	sleeve	,	and	-PRON-	head	cover	.		
these	delightful	experience	,	prepare	both	mind	and	sense	for	true	art	,	be	nevertheless	interrupt	and	damp	by	one	of	the	most	melancholy	sight	,	by	the	destroy	and	desolate	condition	of	so	many	of	the	street	of	dresden	through	which	-PRON-	take	-PRON-	way	.		
-PRON-	mother	,	whose	mediation	always	come	in	well	for	-PRON-	,	have	endeavor	to	palliate	-PRON-	absence	in	the	morning	at	breakfast	,	by	the	supposition	that	-PRON-	have	go	out	early	;	and	-PRON-	experience	no	disagreeable	effect	from	this	innocent	night	.		
but	-PRON-	career	be	short	;	for	-PRON-	soon	die	,	and	be	gradually	forget	as	a	restless	,	irregular	youth	.		
"	what	would	-PRON-	say	,	then	?	"		
one	saturday	evening	in	winter	,	-PRON-	father	always	have	-PRON-	shave	over	night	,	that	on	sunday	morning	-PRON-	may	dress	for	church	at	-PRON-	ease	,	-PRON-	sit	on	a	footstool	behind	the	stove	,	and	mutter	-PRON-	customary	imprecation	in	a	tolerably	low	voice	,	while	the	barber	be	put	on	the	lather	.		
gate	and	tower	,	which	define	the	bound	of	the	old	city	,	then	,	farther	on	again	,	gate	,	tower	,	wall	,	bridge	,	rampart	,	moat	,	with	which	the	new	city	be	encompass	,	all	show	,	but	too	plainly	,	that	a	necessity	for	guard	the	common	weal	in	disastrous	time	have	induce	these	arrangement	,	that	all	the	square	and	street	,	even	the	new	,	broad	,	and	best	lay	out	,	owe	-PRON-	origin	to	chance	and	caprice	,	and	not	to	any	regulate	mind	.		
between	the	two	arise	a	sad	conflict	,	in	which	young	mind	be	drag	hither	and	thither	,	and	which	can	scarcely	be	set	right	by	the	middle	aged	professor	,	who	,	though	possess	of	sufficient	learning	and	culture	,	always	feel	within	-PRON-	an	active	desire	for	knowledge	and	reflection	.		
do	-PRON-	see	these	three	apple	?	"		
"	out	with	you!no	one	but	st.	jean	have	a	right	to	enter	here	.	"		
to	excite	and	strengthen	-PRON-	faith	in	the	possibility	of	such	an	universal	remedy	,	the	physician	,	wherever	-PRON-	find	any	susceptibility	,	have	recommend	certain	chemicoalchemical	book	to	-PRON-	patient	,	and	give	-PRON-	to	understand	,	that	,	by	one	's	own	study	of	-PRON-	,	one	could	well	attain	this	treasure	for	one	's	self	,	which	be	the	more	necessary	,	as	the	mode	of	-PRON-	preparation	,	both	for	physical	,	and	especially	for	moral	,	reason	,	could	not	be	well	communicate	;	nay	,	that	in	order	to	comprehend	,	produce	,	and	use	this	great	work	,	one	must	know	the	secret	of	nature	in	connection	,	since	-PRON-	be	not	a	particular	,	but	an	universal	remedy	,	and	could	indeed	be	produce	under	different	form	and	shape	.		
after	a	short	,	insignificant	conversation	,	-PRON-	young	comrade	,	who	be	but	too	well	disposed	towards	-PRON-	,	could	not	suffer	the	matter	to	drop	,	without	say	to	the	other	,	with	some	resentment	,	"	here	be	-PRON-	friend	who	make	those	pretty	verse	,	for	which	-PRON-	will	not	give	-PRON-	credit	!	"		
this	singular	man	-PRON-	find	to	be	mild	and	oblige	when	-PRON-	begin	to	take	lesson	of	-PRON-	.		
unfortunately	-PRON-	do	not	stand	on	the	good	footing	with	those	who	cultivate	-PRON-	;	and	gellert	in	particular	,	in	whom	-PRON-	have	,	awkwardly	enough	,	express	much	confidence	,	-PRON-	could	not	even	endure	.		
at	that	time	,	there	be	a	schöff	von	uffenbach	,	who	be	generally	respect	.		
-PRON-	manner	of	life	upon	the	ocean	of	desert	and	pasture	give	breadth	and	freedom	to	-PRON-	mind	;	the	vault	of	heaven	,	under	which	-PRON-	dwelt	,	with	all	-PRON-	nightly	star	,	elevate	-PRON-	feeling	;	and	-PRON-	,	more	than	the	active	,	skilful	huntsman	,	or	the	secure	,	careful	,	household	husbandman	,	have	need	of	the	immovable	faith	that	a	god	walk	beside	-PRON-	,	visit	-PRON-	,	care	for	-PRON-	,	guide	and	save	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	take	the	volume	,	-PRON-	let	-PRON-	read	,	turn	over	-PRON-	lucian	;	and	,	when	-PRON-	make	any	remark	on	the	book	,	-PRON-	ordinary	laugh	be	the	only	answer	to	-PRON-	sagacity	.		
many	vexation	arise	also	from	this	,	that	the	city	be	gradually	overrun	with	people	,	both	useful	and	needless	.		
-PRON-	father	be	altogether	of	a	didactic	turn	,	and	in	-PRON-	retirement	from	business	like	to	communicate	to	other	what	-PRON-	know	or	be	able	to	do	.		
-PRON-	will	relate	one	incident	in	place	of	many	.		
to	a	sufferer	,	to	one	who	feel	-PRON-	delicate	,	nay	,	weak	,	the	gospel	be	therefore	welcome	;	and	even	though	langer	,	with	all	-PRON-	faith	,	be	at	the	same	time	a	very	sensible	man	,	and	firmly	maintain	that	one	should	not	let	the	feeling	prevail	,	should	not	let	one	's	self	be	lead	astray	into	mysticism	,	-PRON-	could	not	have	manage	to	occupy	-PRON-	with	the	new	testament	without	feeling	and	enthusiasm	.		
-PRON-	be	now	resolve	,	contrary	to	-PRON-	view	and	wish	,	to	choose	a	line	of	study	and	of	life	for	-PRON-	,	by	way	of	selfdefense	.		
now	an	opportunity	be	offer	-PRON-	to	show	-PRON-	,	and	especially	to	see	-PRON-	in	print	.		
the	historical	portion	of	this	book	-PRON-	diligently	read	in	-PRON-	youth	.		
both	the	abovementioned	piece	be	,	however	,	write	from	a	more	elevated	point	of	view	,	without	-PRON-	have	be	aware	of	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	like	to	employ	-PRON-	in	write	better	than	in	any	thing	else	,	and	be	pleased	when	something	be	give	-PRON-	to	copy	;	but	still	more	when	-PRON-	be	dictate	to	,	because	-PRON-	then	feel	carry	back	to	-PRON-	happy	academical	year	.		
sometimes	-PRON-	tear	-PRON-	up	again	,	from	the	fear	of	learn	-PRON-	unhappiness	quite	distinctly	,	and	of	lose	the	principal	consolation	with	which	hitherto	-PRON-	have	alternately	torment	and	support	-PRON-	.		
however	,	when	-PRON-	return	to	the	company	,	and	the	wine	be	not	spar	,	the	poem	begin	to	halt	;	and	-PRON-	could	not	deliver	-PRON-	that	evening	.		
one	would	have	like	to	be	there	too	;	as	indeed	,	on	this	day	,	-PRON-	would	hare	be	altogether	desirable	to	multiply	one	's	self	.		
to	the	physician	this	because	be	plausible	,	and	very	soon	certain	on	-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	etching	and	biting	,	and	that	so	much	the	more	readily	as	the	attempt	have	by	no	mean	turn	out	well	,	and	-PRON-	have	more	reason	to	conceal	than	to	exhibit	-PRON-	labor	;	for	which	-PRON-	console	-PRON-	the	more	easily	,	as	-PRON-	very	soon	see	-PRON-	free	from	the	troublesome	disease	.		
now	-PRON-	be	the	turn	of	the	hereditary	cup	bearer	,	who	ride	to	the	fountain	and	fetched	wine	.		
since	-PRON-	design	-PRON-	composition	less	with	regard	to	form	than	to	light	,	shade	,	and	mass	,	the	general	effect	be	good	;	as	indeed	all	that	-PRON-	do	and	produce	be	attend	by	a	peculiar	grace	.		
but	the	form	spoil	almost	every	thing	.		
the	old	have	-PRON-	still	childish	notion	,	and	find	-PRON-	convenient	to	impart	-PRON-	own	education	to	-PRON-	successor	.		
the	ridingmaster	,	the	lead	horse	,	the	equipage	,	the	shabrack	and	caparison	,	attract	every	eye	;	and	the	sixteen	sixhorse	galawagon	of	the	imperial	chamberlain	,	privy	councillor	,	high	chamberlain	,	high	steward	,	and	high	equerry	,	close	,	with	great	pomp	,	this	division	of	the	procession	,	which	,	in	spite	of	-PRON-	magnificence	and	extent	,	be	still	only	to	be	the	vanguard	.		
-PRON-	consequently	read	much	in	this	language	,	with	great	ease	,	and	be	bold	enough	to	believe	-PRON-	understand	the	author	,	because	-PRON-	miss	nothing	of	the	literal	sense	.		
-PRON-	give	to	the	eternal	be	the	faculty	of	expansion	,	of	move	towards	-PRON-	:	the	peculiar	pulse	of	life	be	again	restore	,	and	lucifer	-PRON-	could	not	avoid	-PRON-	effect	.		
-PRON-	little	housekeeping	be	soon	provide	for	.		
yet	all	would	have	be	well	enough	,	if	by	sign	that	poetical	loveletter	,	in	which	-PRON-	have	confess	a	formal	attachment	to	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	have	not	give	-PRON-	a	right	to	regard	-PRON-	as	a	sly	and	selfish	coquette	.		
-PRON-	may	be	imagine	how	often	-PRON-	get	into	dispute	on	this	subject	with	-PRON-	friend	,	which	,	however	,	always	terminate	in	the	friendly	way	,	and	often	,	like	-PRON-	conversation	with	the	old	rector	,	with	the	remark	,	"	that	-PRON-	be	a	foolish	fellow	,	for	whom	many	allowance	must	be	make	.	"		
-PRON-	hair	have	be	frizzle	and	powder	,	and	-PRON-	curl	stick	out	from	-PRON-	head	like	little	wing	;	but	-PRON-	could	not	finish	dress	-PRON-	,	because	-PRON-	keep	confuse	the	different	article	,	the	first	always	fall	off	as	soon	as	-PRON-	be	about	to	put	on	the	next	.		
-PRON-	have	drive	out	through	the	allerheiligen	(	/all	saints/	)	gate	,	and	have	soon	leave	hanau	behind	-PRON-	,	after	which	-PRON-	reach	scene	which	arouse	-PRON-	attention	by	-PRON-	novelty	,	if	,	at	this	season	of	the	year	,	-PRON-	offer	little	that	be	pleasing	.		
soon	-PRON-	take	a	side	,	as	-PRON-	character	or	external	circumstance	may	determine	.		
in	a	large	,	rich	city	,	there	be	many	mode	of	gain	a	livelihood	.		
consider	this	impulse	more	closely	,	-PRON-	may	see	in	-PRON-	that	presumption	with	which	the	poet	authoritatively	utter	the	great	improbability	,	and	require	every	one	to	recognize	as	real	whatev	may	in	any	way	seem	to	-PRON-	,	the	inventor	,	as	true	.		
the	sacrament	be	the	high	part	of	religion	,	the	symbol	to	-PRON-	sens	of	an	extraordinary	divine	favor	and	grace	.		
-PRON-	exclaim	.		
von	loen	rejoin	;	the	contest	grow	violent	and	personal	,	and	the	unpleasantness	which	arise	from	-PRON-	cause	-PRON-	to	accept	the	office	of	president	at	lingen	,	which	frederick	ii	.		
-PRON-	be	hold	a	rye	loaf	in	-PRON-	hand	,	and	be	cut	slice	for	the	little	one	all	around	,	in	proportion	to	-PRON-	age	and	appetite	.		
-PRON-	abhor	the	drunken	man	,	and	det	the	extravagant	;	-PRON-	pass	by	,	like	the	levite	,	and	thank	god	,	like	the	pharisee	,	that	-PRON-	be	not	like	one	of	-PRON-	.		
(	-PRON-	feel	oblige	to	suppress	the	passage	in	the	letter	,	to	prevent	any	one	from	feel	aggrieved	;	although	no	author	ne	pay	much	attention	to	the	opinion	of	a	mere	girl	,	or	that	of	an	unsteady	young	man	.	)		
-PRON-	know	-PRON-	could	make	no	pretension	to	-PRON-	,	nor	do	-PRON-	offer	any	,	that	is	,	as	far	as	-PRON-	be	possible	,	in	the	presence	of	so	much	loveliness	,	not	to	pant	for	-PRON-	enjoyment	.		
october	27	:	evening	.		
as	-PRON-	be	walk	up	and	down	-PRON-	room	,	-PRON-	eye	fall	upon	-PRON-	pistol	.		
in	the	meantime	,	charlotte	be	in	a	pitiable	state	of	mind	.		
-PRON-	dear	friend	,	the	bare	recollection	of	those	hour	still	console	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	allude	to	-PRON-	unfortunate	attachment	,	and	wish	-PRON-	be	possible	to	discontinue	-PRON-	acquaintance	.		
"	but	-PRON-	eat	out	of	-PRON-	mouth	,	"	-PRON-	continue	,	and	extend	-PRON-	lip	to	-PRON-	contain	seed	;	and	-PRON-	smile	with	all	the	charm	of	a	being	who	have	allow	an	innocent	participation	of	-PRON-	love	.		
but	-PRON-	do	not	produce	the	same	effect	upon	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	daura	who	calleth	thee	.		
charlotte	and	-PRON-	partner	begin	an	english	country	dance	,	and	-PRON-	must	imagine	-PRON-	delight	when	-PRON-	be	-PRON-	turn	to	dance	the	figure	with	-PRON-	.		
think	,	whilst	-PRON-	peruse	this	plain	narration	,	what	an	impression	the	circumstance	have	make	upon	-PRON-	!		
as	-PRON-	anticipate	,	the	ambassador	occasion	-PRON-	infinite	annoyance	.		
the	stream	and	the	wind	roar	aloud	.		
theft	be	a	crime	;	but	the	man	who	commit	-PRON-	from	extreme	poverty	,	with	no	design	but	to	save	-PRON-	family	from	perish	,	be	-PRON-	an	object	of	pity	,	or	of	punishment	?		
how	-PRON-	feel	the	word	!		
-PRON-	be	a	matter	of	extreme	regret	that	-PRON-	want	original	evidence	of	the	last	remarkable	day	of	-PRON-	friend	;	and	-PRON-	be	,	therefore	,	oblige	to	interrupt	the	progress	of	-PRON-	correspondence	,	and	to	supply	the	deficiency	by	a	connected	narration	.		
thy	voice	be	as	a	stream	after	rain	,	like	thunder	on	distant	hill	.		
what	a	torment	-PRON-	be	to	see	so	much	loveliness	passing	and	repass	before	-PRON-	,	and	yet	not	dare	to	lay	hold	of	-PRON-	!		
"	what	be	the	use	of	-PRON-	continually	repeat	that	-PRON-	be	a	good	and	estimable	man	?		
-PRON-	have	be	absent	for	some	day	.		
sometimes	,	when	-PRON-	be	ready	to	commit	suicide	,	-PRON-	sing	that	air	;	and	instantly	the	gloom	and	madness	which	hang	over	-PRON-	be	disperse	,	and	-PRON-	breathe	freely	again	.		
father	,	whom	-PRON-	know	not	,	who	wert	once	will	not	to	fill	-PRON-	soul	,	but	who	now	hidest	thy	face	from	-PRON-	,	call	-PRON-	back	to	thee	;	be	silent	no	longer	;	thy	silence	shall	not	delay	a	soul	which	thirst	after	thee	.		
when	-PRON-	tear	-PRON-	from	-PRON-	yesterday	,	-PRON-	sens	be	in	tumult	and	disorder	;	-PRON-	heart	be	oppress	,	hope	and	pleasure	have	flee	from	-PRON-	for	ever	,	and	a	petrify	cold	have	seize	-PRON-	wretched	being	.		
call	-PRON-	folly	or	infatuation	,	what	signify	a	name	?		
one	for	papa	,	and	another	for	albert	and	charlotte	,	and	one	for	werther	;	and	-PRON-	be	to	be	present	early	in	the	morning	,	on	new	year	's	day	.		
oh	,	from	the	rock	on	the	hill	,	from	the	top	of	the	windy	steep	,	speak	,	ye	ghost	of	the	dead	!		
colgar	the	valiant	live	,	and	annira	,	fair	maid	.		
here	use	-PRON-	to	sit	for	hour	together	with	-PRON-	eye	bent	upon	-PRON-	,	ardently	long	to	wander	in	the	shade	of	those	wood	,	to	lose	-PRON-	in	those	valley	,	which	form	so	delightful	an	object	in	the	distance	.		
-PRON-	have	just	have	a	sad	adventure	,	which	will	drive	-PRON-	away	from	here	.		
sometimes	-PRON-	be	dispose	to	believe	-PRON-	honest	,	and	yet	-PRON-	can	not	persuade	-PRON-	to	confide	in	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	thunderstruck	:	-PRON-	place	a	piece	of	money	in	-PRON-	hand	,	and	hasten	away	.		
find	that	all	the	parish	,	particularly	the	old	people	,	be	displeased	,	-PRON-	ask	"	why	-PRON-	allow	-PRON-	?	"		
the	affection	and	simplicity	with	which	this	be	utter	so	charm	-PRON-	,	that	-PRON-	seek	to	express	-PRON-	feeling	by	catch	up	the	child	and	kiss	-PRON-	heartily	.		
and	then	may	not	rapture	perchance	be	the	portion	of	this	liberated	soul	?		
"	the	count	,	"	-PRON-	say	,	"	be	a	man	of	the	world	,	and	a	good	man	of	business	:	-PRON-	style	be	good	,	and	-PRON-	write	with	facility	;	but	,	like	other	genius	,	-PRON-	have	no	solid	learning	.	"		
"	charlotte	!	"		
the	foam	torrent	roll	from	the	mountain	in	the	moonlight	,	field	and	meadow	,	tree	and	hedge	,	be	confound	together	;	and	the	entire	valley	be	convert	into	a	deep	lake	,	which	be	agitate	by	the	roaring	wind	!		
-PRON-	little	sister	be	dress	-PRON-	doll	upon	-PRON-	lap	.		
-PRON-	often	envy	albert	when	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	bury	in	a	heap	of	paper	and	parchment	,	and	-PRON-	fancy	-PRON-	should	be	happy	be	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	place	.		
why	complain	thou	,	as	a	blast	in	the	wood	as	a	wave	on	the	lonely	shore	?		
jane	at	the	moment	approach	with	the	glass	.		
august	28	.		
"	this	speech	,	"	reply	werther	with	a	cold	smile	,	"	this	speech	should	be	print	,	for	the	benefit	of	all	teacher	.		
-PRON-	heart	beat	audiblywe	could	almost	say	for	the	first	timeat	-PRON-	arrival	.		
the	boat	be	break	in	twain	.		
a	recollection	of	many	thing	which	have	happen	press	upon	-PRON-	mind	,	and	fill	-PRON-	eye	with	tear	.		
then	the	noble	albert	,	who	never	disturb	-PRON-	happiness	by	any	appearance	of	illhumour	,	receive	-PRON-	with	the	hearty	affection	,	and	love	-PRON-	,	next	to	charlotte	,	good	than	all	the	world	!		
-PRON-	dance	with	-PRON-	whole	heart	and	soul	:	-PRON-	figure	be	all	harmony	,	elegance	,	and	grace	,	as	if	-PRON-	be	conscious	of	nothing	else	,	and	have	no	other	thought	or	feeling	;	and	,	doubtless	,	for	the	moment	,	every	other	sensation	be	extinct	.		
"	oh	,	-PRON-	have	jewel	and	crown	!	"		
"	by	all	mean	,	"	-PRON-	reply	,	"	if	-PRON-	will	take	the	trouble	to	load	-PRON-	;	for	-PRON-	only	hang	there	for	form	.	"		
wherever	-PRON-	go	,	some	fatality	occur	to	distract	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	meet	-PRON-	yesterday	on	the	road	,	go	to	a	neighbour	village	.		
-PRON-	hear	-PRON-	strife	on	the	hill	:	-PRON-	song	be	soft	,	but	sad	!		
-PRON-	be	play	upon	-PRON-	piano	a	succession	of	delightful	melody	,	with	such	intense	expression	!		
farewell	!		
-PRON-	meet	this	bard	with	silver	hair	;	-PRON-	wander	in	the	valley	;	-PRON-	seek	the	footstep	of	-PRON-	father	,	and	,	alas	!		
-PRON-	have	spend	half	an	hour	struggle	between	the	contend	thought	of	go	and	return	,	when	-PRON-	hear	-PRON-	come	up	the	terrace	.		
last	night	,	and	this	morning	,	werther	,	-PRON-	be	compel	to	listen	to	a	lecture	upon	-PRON-	acquaintance	with	-PRON-	.		
but	thou	dost	smile	and	depart	.		
a	dim	vastness	be	spread	before	-PRON-	soul	:	the	perception	of	-PRON-	mind	be	as	obscure	as	those	of	-PRON-	vision	;	and	-PRON-	desire	earnestly	to	surrender	up	-PRON-	whole	being	,	that	-PRON-	may	be	fill	with	the	complete	and	perfect	bliss	of	one	glorious	emotion	.		
werther	start	.		
charlotte	look	at	-PRON-	with	a	smile	;	-PRON-	observe	the	emotion	with	which	-PRON-	speak	:	and	a	tear	in	the	eye	of	frederica	stimulate	-PRON-	to	proceed	.		
this	be	a	glorious	summer	.		
loud	be	the	wind	;	the	rain	beat	hard	on	the	hill	.		
speak	,	-PRON-	will	not	be	afraid	!		
oh	,	the	brilliant	wretchedness	,	the	weariness	,	that	one	be	doom	to	witness	among	the	silly	people	whom	-PRON-	meet	in	society	here	!		
if	-PRON-	sometimes	invent	an	incident	which	-PRON-	forget	upon	the	next	narration	,	-PRON-	remind	one	directly	that	the	story	be	different	before	;	so	that	-PRON-	now	endeavour	to	relate	with	exactness	the	same	anecdote	in	the	same	monotonous	tone	,	which	never	change	.		
when	-PRON-	have	attain	-PRON-	object	,	when	the	distant	there	become	the	present	here	,	all	be	change	:	-PRON-	be	as	poor	and	circumscribe	as	ever	,	and	-PRON-	soul	still	languish	for	unattainable	happiness	.		
august	30	.		
to	hear	all	this	,	wilhelm	,	utter	by	-PRON-	in	a	voice	of	the	most	sincere	sympathy	,	awaken	all	-PRON-	passion	;	and	-PRON-	be	still	in	a	state	of	extreme	excitement	.		
-PRON-	be	silent	.		
happy	mortal	,	who	can	ascribe	-PRON-	wretchedness	to	an	earthly	because	!		
thus	do	-PRON-	express	-PRON-	;	but	o	wilhelm	!		
the	sight	of	-PRON-	blood	may	possibly	be	a	relief	to	-PRON-	fury	.		
-PRON-	throw	down	the	book	,	seize	-PRON-	hand	,	and	weep	bitterly	.		
-PRON-	soul	be	like	the	soul	of	fingal	:	-PRON-	sword	like	the	sword	of	oscar	.		
"	poor	boy	!	"		
albert	be	not	the	man	to	satisfy	the	wish	of	such	a	heart	.		
-PRON-	throw	-PRON-	at	-PRON-	foot	,	and	,	seize	-PRON-	hand	,	bedew	-PRON-	with	a	thousand	tear	.		
alpin	,	thou	son	of	song	,	why	alone	on	the	silent	hill	?		
