a	painter	of	the	umbrian	school	     	design	upon	a	gesso	ground	     	the	nimbus	of	the	baptized	god	.		
-PRON-	shall	not	want	honour	in	heaven	       	for	-PRON-	shall	meet	sir	philip	sidney	     	and	have	talk	with	coriolanus	       	and	other	hero	of	that	kidney	.		
the	hippo	's	feeble	step	may	err	     	in	compassing	material	end	,	     	while	the	true	church	ne	never	stir	     	to	gather	in	-PRON-	dividend	.		
whisper	of	immortality	     	webster	be	much	possess	by	death	     	and	see	the	skull	beneath	the	skin	;	     	and	breastless	creature	under	ground	     	lean	backward	with	a	lipless	grin	.		
but	where	be	the	penny	world	-PRON-	buy	       	to	eat	with	pipit	behind	the	screen	?		
in	the	room	the	woman	come	and	go	     	talk	of	michelangelo	.		
on	montrera	mon	cénotaphe	     	aux	côt	brûlante	de	mozambique	.		
lui	pense	aux	pourboire	,	et	redige	son	bilan	.		
.		
the	master	of	the	subtle	school	     	be	controversial	,	polymath	.		
but	as	if	a	magic	lantern	throw	the	nerve	in	pattern	on	a	screen	:	     	would	-PRON-	have	be	worth	while	     	if	one	,	settle	a	 	pillow	or	throw	off	a	shawl	,	     	and	turn	toward	the	window	,	should	say	:	       	"	that	be	not	-PRON-	at	all	,	       	that	be	not	what	-PRON-	mean	,	at	all	.	"		
.		
tien	,	voilà	dix	sous	,	pour	la	salledebain	.		
.		
iii	     	the	october	night	come	down	;	return	as	before	     	except	for	a	slight	sensation	of	be	ill	at	ease	     	-PRON-	mount	the	stair	and	turn	the	handle	of	the	door	     	and	feel	as	if	-PRON-	have	mount	on	-PRON-	hand	and	knee	.		
"	yet	with	these	april	sunset	,	that	somehow	recall	     	-PRON-	bury	life	,	and	paris	in	the	spring	,	     	-PRON-	feel	immeasurably	at	peace	,	and	find	the	world	     	to	be	wonderful	and	youthful	,	after	all	.	"		
the	moon	have	lose	-PRON-	memory	.		
-PRON-	shuttered	barge	     	burn	on	the	water	all	the	day	.		
.		
stretch	on	the	floor	,	here	beside	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	.		
the	redeyed	scavenger	be	creep	       	from	kentish	town	and	golder	's	green	;	     	where	be	the	eagle	and	the	trumpet	?		
a	greek	be	murder	at	a	polish	dance	,	     	another	bank	defaulter	have	confess	.		
should	-PRON-	,	after	tea	and	cake	and	ice	,	     	have	the	strength	to	force	the	moment	to	-PRON-	crisis	?		
.		
.		
-PRON-	see	the	'	potamus	take	wing	     	ascend	from	the	damp	savanna	,	     	and	quir	angel	round	-PRON-	sing	     	the	praise	of	god	,	in	loud	hosanna	.		
aunt	helen	     	miss	helen	slingsby	be	-PRON-	maiden	aunt	,	     	and	live	in	a	small	house	near	a	fashionable	square	     	cared	for	by	servant	to	the	number	of	four	.		
.		
who	clip	the	lion	's	wing	     	and	flea'd	-PRON-	rump	and	par	-PRON-	claws	?		
sine	-PRON-	ecclesia	non	vocatur	;	de	       	quibus	suadeo	vos	sic	habeo	.		
at	mating	time	the	hippo	's	voice	     	betray	inflexion	hoarse	and	odd	,	     	but	every	week	-PRON-	hear	rejoice	     	the	church	,	at	be	one	with	god	.		
and	,	"	do	-PRON-	dare	?	"		
on	the	rialto	once	.		
dan	un	égout	     	une	petite	fille	     	en	guenille	     	camarde	     	regarde	     	le	directeur	     	du	spectateur	     	conservateur	     	et	crève	d'amour	.		
time	to	turn	back	and	descend	the	stair	,	     	with	a	bald	spot	in	the	middle	of	-PRON-	hair	     	(	-PRON-	will	say	:	"	how	-PRON-	hair	be	grow	thin	!	"	)		
let	-PRON-	take	the	air	,	in	a	tobacco	trance	,	     	admire	the	monument	     	discuss	the	late	event	,	     	correct	-PRON-	watch	by	the	public	clock	.		
sweeney	among	the	nightingales	       	[	greek	text	insert	here	]	     	apeneck	sweeney	spread	-PRON-	knee	     	let	-PRON-	arm	hang	down	to	laugh	,	     	the	zebra	stripe	along	-PRON-	jaw	     	swell	to	maculate	giraffe	.		
-PRON-	hardly	know	when	-PRON-	be	come	back	,	     	-PRON-	will	find	so	much	to	learn	.	"		
smooth	by	long	finger	,	     	asleep	...	tired	...	or	-PRON-	malinger	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	know	how	much	-PRON-	mean	to	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	friend	,	     	and	how	,	how	rare	and	strange	-PRON-	be	,	to	find	     	in	a	life	compose	so	much	,	so	much	of	odd	and	end	,	     	(	for	indeed	-PRON-	do	not	love	-PRON-	...	-PRON-	know	?		
the	jew	of	malta	.		
but	what	have	-PRON-	,	but	what	have	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	friend	,	     	to	give	-PRON-	,	what	can	-PRON-	receive	from	-PRON-	?		
.		
the	sable	presbyter	approach	     	the	avenue	of	penitence	;	     	the	young	be	red	and	pustular	     	clutch	piaculative	penny	.		
this	withered	root	of	knot	of	hair	     	slitt	below	and	gash	with	eye	,	     	this	oval	o	crop	out	with	tooth	:	     	the	sickle	motion	from	the	thigh	     	jackknifes	upward	at	the	knee	     	then	straighten	out	from	heel	to	hip	     	push	the	framework	of	the	bed	     	and	claw	at	the	pillow	slip	.		
the	circle	of	the	stormy	moon	     	slide	westward	toward	the	river	plate	,	     	death	and	the	raven	drift	above	     	and	sweeney	guard	the	hornèd	gate	.		
perhaps	-PRON-	be	not	too	late	.		
halfpast	one	,	     	the	street	lamp	sputter	,	     	the	street	lamp	mutter	,	     	the	street	lamp	say	,	     	"	regard	that	woman	     	who	hesitate	toward	-PRON-	in	the	light	of	the	door	     	which	open	on	-PRON-	like	a	grin	.		
so	how	should	-PRON-	presume	?		
fleshandblood	be	weak	and	frail	,	     	susceptible	to	nervous	shock	;	     	while	the	true	church	can	never	fail	     	for	-PRON-	be	base	upon	a	rock	.		
.		
-PRON-	do	not	think	that	-PRON-	will	sing	to	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	have	the	key	,	     	the	little	lamp	spread	a	ring	on	the	stair	,	     	mount	.		
halfpast	two	,	     	the	streetlamp	say	,	     	"	remark	the	cat	which	flatten	-PRON-	in	the	gutter	,	     	slips	out	-PRON-	tongue	     	and	devour	a	morsel	of	rancid	butter	.	"		
and	would	-PRON-	have	be	worth	-PRON-	,	after	all	,	     	after	the	cup	,	the	marmalade	,	the	tea	,	     	among	the	porcelain	,	among	some	talk	of	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	,	     	would	-PRON-	have	be	worth	while	,	     	to	have	bite	off	the	matter	with	a	smile	,	     	to	have	squeeze	the	universe	into	a	ball	     	to	roll	-PRON-	toward	some	overwhelming	question	,	     	to	say	:	"	-PRON-	be	lazarus	,	come	from	the	dead	,	     	come	back	to	tell	-PRON-	all	,	-PRON-	shall	tell	-PRON-	all	"	     	if	one	,	settle	a	pillow	by	-PRON-	head	,	       	should	say	:	"	that	be	not	what	-PRON-	mean	at	all	;	       	that	be	not	-PRON-	,	at	all	.	"		
and	then	the	lighting	of	the	lamp	.		
why	-PRON-	have	not	develop	into	friend	.	"		
the	jew	of	malta	.		
donne	,	-PRON-	suppose	,	be	such	another	     	who	find	no	substitute	for	sense	;	     	to	seize	and	clutch	and	penetrate	,	     	expert	beyond	experience	,	     	-PRON-	know	the	anguish	of	the	marrow	     	the	ague	of	the	skeleton	;	     	no	contact	possible	to	flesh	     	allayed	the	fever	of	the	bone	.		
.		
the	wilderness	be	crack	and	brown	     	but	through	the	water	pale	and	thin	     	still	shine	the	unoffend	foot	     	and	there	above	the	painter	set	     	the	father	and	the	paraclete	.		
thought	burbank	,	meditate	on	     	time	's	ruin	,	and	the	seven	law	.		
.		
va	t'en	te	décrotter	les	ride	du	visage	;	     	tiens	,	ma	fourchette	,	décrassetoi	le	crâne	.		
and	even	the	abstract	entities	     	circumambulate	-PRON-	charm	;	     	but	-PRON-	lot	crawl	between	dry	rib	     	to	keep	-PRON-	metaphysic	warm	.		
rhapsody	on	a	windy	night	     	twelve	o'clock	.		
-PRON-	morning	coat	,	-PRON-	collar	mount	firmly	to	the	chin	,	     	-PRON-	necktie	rich	and	modest	,	but	assert	by	a	simple	pin	     	(	-PRON-	will	say	:	"	but	how	-PRON-	arm	and	leg	be	thin	!	"	)		
when	evening	quicken	faintly	in	the	street	,	     	waken	the	appetite	of	life	in	some	     	and	to	other	bring	the	boston	evening	transcript	,	     	-PRON-	mount	the	step	and	ring	the	bell	,	turn	     	wearily	,	as	one	would	turn	to	nod	goodbye	to	rochefoucauld	,	     	if	the	street	be	time	and	-PRON-	at	the	end	of	the	street	,	     	and	-PRON-	say	,	"	cousin	harriet	,	here	be	the	boston	evening	transcript	.	"		
the	bed	be	open	;	the	toothbrush	hang	on	the	wall	,	     	put	-PRON-	shoe	at	the	door	,	sleep	,	prepare	for	life	.	"		
sweeney	address	full	length	to	shave	     	broadbottomed	,	pink	from	nape	to	base	,	     	know	the	female	temperament	     	and	wipe	the	sud	around	-PRON-	face	.		
morning	stir	the	foot	and	hand	     	(	nausicaa	and	polypheme	)	,	     	gesture	of	orangoutang	     	rise	from	the	sheet	in	steam	.		
-PRON-	be	not	blind	!		
test	the	razor	on	-PRON-	leg	     	wait	until	the	shriek	subside	.		
"	so	intimate	,	this	chopin	,	that	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	soul	     	should	be	resurrect	only	among	friend	     	some	two	or	three	,	who	will	not	touch	the	bloom	     	that	be	rub	and	question	in	the	concert	room	.	"		
.		
and	what	if	-PRON-	should	die	some	afternoon	,	     	afternoon	grey	and	smoky	,	evening	yellow	and	rise	;	     	should	die	and	leave	-PRON-	sit	pen	in	hand	     	with	the	smoke	come	down	above	the	housetop	;	     	doubtful	,	for	quite	a	while	     	not	know	what	to	feel	or	if	-PRON-	understand	     	or	whether	wise	or	foolish	,	tardy	or	too	soon	...	     	would	-PRON-	not	have	the	advantage	,	after	all	?		
(	bavard	,	baveux	,	à	la	croupe	arrondie	,	     	je	te	prie	,	au	moin	,	ne	bave	pas	dan	la	soupe	)	.		
en	allemagne	,	philosophe	     	surexcité	par	emporheben	     	au	grand	air	de	bergsteigleben	;	     	j'erre	toujour	deci	delà	     	a	diver	coup	de	tra	la	la	     	de	damas	jusqu'à	omaha	.		
so	the	hand	of	the	child	,	automatic	,	     	slip	out	and	pocket	a	toy	that	be	run	along	     	the	quay	.		
-PRON-	-PRON-	can	hardly	understand	.		
.		
in	the	beginning	be	the	word	.		
-PRON-	shall	be	wash	as	white	as	snow	,	     	by	all	the	martyr'd	virgin	kiss	,	     	while	the	true	church	remain	below	     	wrapt	in	the	old	miasmal	mist	.		
-PRON-	do	not	think	that	-PRON-	will	sing	to	-PRON-	.		
*	        	*	        	*	        	*	 	no	!		
a	broken	spring	in	a	factory	yard	,	 	rust	that	cling	to	the	form	that	the	strength	have	leave	 	hard	and	curl	and	ready	to	snap	.		
-PRON-	grow	old	...		
the	reminiscence	come	 	of	sunless	dry	geranium	 	and	dust	in	crevice	,	 	smells	of	chestnut	in	the	street	,	 	and	female	smell	in	shuttered	room	,	 	and	cigarette	in	corridor	 	and	cocktail	smell	in	bar	.	"		
"	for	everybody	say	so	,	all	-PRON-	friend	,	 	-PRON-	all	be	sure	-PRON-	feeling	would	relate	 	so	closely	!		
"	yet	with	these	april	sunset	,	that	somehow	recall	 	-PRON-	bury	life	,	and	paris	in	the	spring	,	 	-PRON-	feel	immeasurably	at	peace	,	and	find	the	world	 	to	be	wonderful	and	youthful	,	after	all	.	"		
-PRON-	have	see	eye	in	the	street	 	try	to	peer	through	light	shutter	,	 	and	a	crab	one	afternoon	in	a	pool	,	 	an	old	crab	with	barnacle	on	-PRON-	back	,	 	grip	the	end	of	a	stick	which	-PRON-	hold	-PRON-	.		
why	-PRON-	have	not	develop	into	friend	.	"		
-PRON-	have	see	-PRON-	rid	seaward	on	the	wave	 	comb	the	white	hair	of	the	wave	blow	back	 	when	the	wind	blow	the	water	white	and	black	.		
-PRON-	feel	like	one	who	smile	,	and	turn	shall	remark	 	suddenly	,	-PRON-	expression	in	a	glass	.		
-PRON-	smile	fall	heavily	among	the	bricabrac	.		
-PRON-	have	be	,	let	-PRON-	say	,	to	hear	the	late	pole	 	transmit	the	prelude	,	through	-PRON-	hair	and	finger	tip	.		
and	-PRON-	have	know	the	arm	already	,	know	-PRON-	all	 	arms	that	be	bracelet	and	white	and	bare	 	(	but	in	the	lamplight	,	down	with	light	brown	hair	!	)		
and	-PRON-	have	know	the	eye	already	,	know	-PRON-	all	 	the	eye	that	fix	-PRON-	in	a	formulated	phrase	,	 	and	when	-PRON-	be	formulate	,	sprawl	on	a	pin	,	 	when	-PRON-	be	pin	and	wriggle	on	the	wall	,	 	then	how	should	-PRON-	begin	 	to	spit	out	all	the	buttend	of	-PRON-	day	and	way	?		
smooth	by	long	finger	,	 	asleep	...	tired	...	or	-PRON-	malinger	,	 	stretched	on	the	floor	,	here	beside	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	.		
"	-PRON-	do	not	know	how	much	-PRON-	mean	to	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	friend	,	 	and	how	,	how	rare	and	strange	-PRON-	be	,	to	find	 	in	a	life	compose	so	much	,	so	much	of	odd	and	end	,	 	(	for	indeed	-PRON-	do	not	love	-PRON-	...	-PRON-	know	?		
the	bed	be	open	;	the	toothbrush	hang	on	the	wall	 	put	-PRON-	shoe	at	the	door	,	sleep	,	prepare	for	life	.	"		
this	music	be	successful	with	a	"	die	fall	"	 	now	that	-PRON-	talk	of	die	 	and	should	-PRON-	have	the	right	to	smile	?		
-PRON-	grow	old	...		
-PRON-	have	linger	in	the	chamber	of	the	sea	 	by	seagirl	wreathe	with	seaweed	red	and	brown	 	till	human	voice	wake	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	drown	.		
hysteria	 	as	-PRON-	laugh	-PRON-	be	aware	of	become	involved	in	-PRON-	laughter	and	 	be	part	of	-PRON-	,	until	-PRON-	tooth	be	only	accidental	star	with	a	 	talent	for	squaddrill	.		
ii	 	the	morning	come	to	consciousness	 	of	faint	stale	smell	of	beer	 	from	the	sawdusttrampled	street	 	with	all	-PRON-	muddy	foot	that	press	 	to	early	coffeestand	.		
and	-PRON-	must	borrow	every	change	 	find	expression	...	dance	,	dance	 	like	a	dancing	bear	,	 	cry	like	a	parrot	,	chatter	like	an	ape	.		
be	-PRON-	perfume	from	a	dress	 	that	make	-PRON-	so	digress	?		
-PRON-	be	not	blind	!		
-PRON-	keep	-PRON-	countenance	,	 	-PRON-	remain	selfpossessed	 	except	when	a	street	piano	,	mechanical	and	tired	 	reiterates	some	wornout	common	song	 	with	the	smell	of	hyacinth	across	the	garden	 	recall	thing	that	other	people	have	desire	.		
-PRON-	hear	the	beat	of	centaur	'	hoof	over	the	hard	turf	 	as	-PRON-	dry	and	passionate	talk	devour	the	afternoon	.		
be	these	idea	right	or	wrong	?		
the	memory	throw	up	high	and	dry	 	a	crowd	of	twisted	thing	;	 	a	twisted	branch	upon	the	beach	 	eat	smooth	,	and	polished	 	as	if	the	world	give	up	 	the	secret	of	-PRON-	skeleton	,	 	stiff	and	white	.		
in	the	palace	of	mrs.	phlaccus	,	at	professor	channingcheetah	's	 	-PRON-	laugh	like	an	irresponsible	foetus	.		
only	the	friendship	and	the	sympathy	 	of	one	about	to	reach	-PRON-	journey	's	end	.		
the	dog	be	handsomely	provide	for	,	 	but	shortly	afterwards	the	parrot	die	too	.		
perhaps	-PRON-	be	not	too	late	,	 	-PRON-	shall	sit	here	,	serve	tea	to	friend	.	"		
-PRON-	smooth	the	hair	of	the	grass	.		
a	greek	be	murder	at	a	polish	dance	,	 	another	bank	defaulter	have	confess	.		
-PRON-	have	the	key	,	 	the	little	lamp	spread	a	ring	on	the	stair	,	 	mount	.		
-PRON-	think	of	fragilion	,	that	shy	figure	among	the	birchtree	,	 	and	of	priapus	in	the	shrubbery	 	gaping	at	the	lady	in	the	swing	.		
aunt	helen	 	miss	helen	slingsby	be	-PRON-	maiden	aunt	,	 	and	live	in	a	small	house	near	a	fashionable	square	 	cared	for	by	servant	to	the	number	of	four	.		
to	find	a	friend	who	have	these	quality	,	 	who	have	,	and	give	 	those	quality	upon	which	friendship	live	.		
...		
but	what	have	-PRON-	,	but	what	have	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	friend	,	 	to	give	-PRON-	,	what	can	-PRON-	receive	from	-PRON-	?		
-PRON-	laughter	be	submarine	and	profound	 	like	the	old	man	of	the	seat	 	hidden	under	coral	island	 	where	worried	body	of	drowned	man	drift	down	in	the	green	silence	,	 	drop	from	finger	of	surf	.		
cousin	nancy	 	miss	nancy	ellicot	 	strode	across	the	hill	and	break	-PRON-	 	rode	across	the	hill	and	break	-PRON-	 	the	barren	new	england	hill	 	rid	to	hound	 	over	the	cowpasture	.		
and	how	should	-PRON-	begin	?		
"	so	intimate	,	this	chopin	,	that	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	soul	 	should	be	resurrect	only	among	friend	 	some	two	or	three	,	who	will	not	touch	the	bloom	 	that	be	rub	and	question	in	the	concert	room	.	"		
memory	!		
-PRON-	shall	wear	white	flannel	trouser	,	and	walk	upon	the	beach	.		
should	-PRON-	,	after	tea	and	cake	and	ice	,	 	have	the	strength	to	force	the	moment	to	-PRON-	crisis	?		
and	would	-PRON-	have	be	worth	-PRON-	,	after	all	,	 	after	the	cup	,	the	marmalade	,	the	tea	,	 	among	the	porcelain	,	among	some	talk	of	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	,	 	would	-PRON-	have	be	worth	while	,	 	to	have	bite	off	the	matter	with	a	smile	,	 	to	have	squeeze	the	universe	into	a	ball	 	to	roll	-PRON-	toward	some	overwhelming	question	,	 	to	say	:	"	-PRON-	be	lazarus	,	come	from	the	dead	,	 	come	back	to	tell	-PRON-	all	,	-PRON-	shall	tell	-PRON-	all	"	 	if	one	,	settle	a	pillow	by	-PRON-	head	,	   	should	say	:	"	that	be	not	what	-PRON-	mean	at	all	;	   	that	be	not	-PRON-	,	at	all	.	"		
do	-PRON-	dare	to	eat	a	peach	?		
wipe	-PRON-	hand	across	-PRON-	mouth	,	and	laugh	;	 	the	world	revolve	like	ancient	woman	 	gather	fuel	in	vacant	lot	.		
-PRON-	selfpossession	flare	up	for	a	second	;	 	this	be	as	-PRON-	have	reckon	.		
halfpast	one	,	 	the	street	lamp	sputter	,	 	the	street	lamp	mutter	,	 	the	street	lamp	say	,	 	"	regard	that	woman	 	who	hesitate	toward	-PRON-	in	the	light	of	the	door	 	which	open	on	-PRON-	like	a	grin	.		
*	        	*	        	*	        	*	 	and	the	afternoon	,	the	evening	,	sleep	so	peacefully	!		
so	the	hand	of	a	child	,	automatic	 	slip	out	and	pocket	a	toy	that	be	run	along	the	quay	.		
halfpast	two	,	 	the	street	lamp	say	,	 	"	remark	the	cat	which	flatten	-PRON-	in	the	gutter	,	 	slips	out	-PRON-	tongue	 	and	devour	a	morsel	of	rancid	butter	.	"		
halfpast	three	,	 	the	lamp	sputter	,	 	the	lamp	mutter	in	the	dark	.		
and	so	the	conversation	slip	 	among	velleity	and	carefully	catch	regret	 	through	attenuate	tone	of	violin	 	mingle	with	remote	cornet	 	and	begin	.		
-PRON-	will	write	,	at	any	rate	.		
the	voice	return	like	the	insistent	outoftune	 	of	a	broken	violin	on	an	august	afternoon	:	 	"	-PRON-	be	always	sure	that	-PRON-	understand	 	-PRON-	feeling	,	always	sure	that	-PRON-	feel	,	 	sure	that	across	the	gulf	-PRON-	reach	-PRON-	hand	.		
-PRON-	could	see	nothing	behind	that	child	's	eye	.		
"	and	so	-PRON-	be	go	abroad	;	and	when	do	-PRON-	return	?		
with	the	other	masquerade	 	that	time	resume	,	 	one	think	of	all	the	hand	 	that	be	raise	dingy	shade	 	in	a	thousand	furnished	room	.		
arm	that	lie	along	a	table	,	or	wrap	about	a	shawl	.		
and	how	should	-PRON-	presume	?		
now	when	-PRON-	die	there	be	silence	in	heaven	 	and	silence	at	-PRON-	end	of	the	street	.		
the	burntout	end	of	smoky	day	.		
upon	the	glazen	shelf	keep	watch	 	matthew	and	waldo	,	guardian	of	the	faith	,	 	the	army	of	unalterable	law	.		
-PRON-	must	leave	-PRON-	now	to	fate	.		
the	jew	of	malta	 	-PRON-	 	among	the	smoke	and	fog	of	a	december	afternoon	 	-PRON-	have	the	scene	arrange	itselfa	-PRON-	will	seem	to	do	 	with	"	-PRON-	have	save	this	afternoon	for	-PRON-	"	;	 	and	four	wax	candle	in	the	darken	room	,	 	four	ring	of	light	upon	the	ceiling	overhead	,	 	an	atmosphere	of	juliet	's	tomb	 	prepare	for	all	the	thing	to	be	say	,	or	leave	unsaid	.		
"	-PRON-	be	a	charming	man""but	after	all	what	do	-PRON-	mean	?	"		
*	        	*	        	*	        	*	 	shall	-PRON-	say	,	-PRON-	have	go	at	dusk	through	narrow	street	 	and	watch	the	smoke	that	rise	from	the	pipe	 	of	lonely	man	in	shirtsleeve	,	lean	out	of	window	?		
six	o'clock	.		
and	when	all	the	world	come	back	 	and	the	light	creep	up	between	the	shutter	,	 	and	-PRON-	hear	the	sparrow	in	the	gutter	,	 	-PRON-	have	such	a	vision	of	the	street	 	as	the	street	hardly	understand	;	 	sit	along	the	bed	's	edge	,	where	 	-PRON-	curl	the	paper	from	-PRON-	hair	,	 	or	clasp	the	yellow	sol	of	foot	 	in	the	palm	of	both	soil	hand	.		
iii	 	-PRON-	toss	a	blanket	from	the	bed	,	 	-PRON-	lie	upon	-PRON-	back	,	and	wait	;	 	-PRON-	doze	,	and	watch	the	night	reveal	 	the	thousand	sordid	image	 	of	which	-PRON-	soul	be	constitute	;	 	-PRON-	flicker	against	the	ceiling	.		
-PRON-	should	have	be	a	pair	of	ragged	claws	 	scuttle	across	the	floor	of	silent	sea	.		
iii	 	the	october	night	come	down	;	return	as	before	 	except	for	a	slight	sensation	of	be	ill	at	ease	 	-PRON-	mount	the	stair	and	turn	the	handle	of	the	door	 	and	feel	as	if	-PRON-	have	mount	on	-PRON-	hand	and	knee	.		
shall	-PRON-	part	-PRON-	hair	behind	?		
and	should	-PRON-	then	presume	?		
"	-PRON-	have	be	wonder	frequently	of	late	 	(	but	-PRON-	beginning	never	know	-PRON-	end	!	)		
  	"	-PRON-	have	point	ear	...	-PRON-	must	be	unbalanced	,	"	 	"	there	be	something	-PRON-	say	that	-PRON-	may	have	challenge	.	"		
among	the	winding	of	the	violin	 	and	the	ariette	 	of	crack	cornet	 	inside	-PRON-	brain	a	dull	tomtom	begin	 	absurdly	hammer	a	prelude	of	-PRON-	own	,	 	capricious	monotone	 	that	be	at	least	one	definite	"	false	note	.	"		
-PRON-	have	no	dissociative	faculty	.		
the	second	point	mark	an	obvious	error	of	detail	;	the	first	be	too	crude	a	statement	to	be	accept	;	to	say	that	-PRON-	fail	because	-PRON-	genius	be	unsuited	to	tragedy	be	to	tell	-PRON-	nothing	at	all	.		
these	passage	be	comparable	to	the	good	bombast	of	kyd	or	marlowe	,	with	a	great	command	of	language	and	a	great	control	of	the	emotion	.		
so	with	blake	,	-PRON-	early	poem	be	technically	admirable	,	and	-PRON-	originality	be	in	an	occasional	rhythm	.		
the	beauty	of	swinburne	’s	verse	be	the	sound	,	"	people	say	,	explain	,	-PRON-	have	little	visual	imagination	.	"	-PRON-	be	incline	to	think	that	the	word	beauty	"	be	hardly	to	be	use	in	connection	with	swinburne	’s	verse	at	all	;	but	in	any	case	the	beauty	or	effect	of	sound	be	neither	that	of	music	nor	that	of	poetry	which	can	be	set	to	music	.		
the	hamlet	of	laforgue	be	an	adolescent	;	the	hamlet	of	shakespeare	be	not	,	-PRON-	have	not	that	explanation	and	excuse	.		
-PRON-	do	not	propose	to	analyse	the	difference	(	-PRON-	would	be	a	valuable	chapter	in	social	history	)	;	the	american	solemnity	,	-PRON-	be	enough	to	say	,	be	more	primitive	,	more	academic	,	more	like	that	of	the	german	professor	.		
but	have	deal	with	three	english	writer	of	what	may	be	call	critical	prose	,	one	’s	mind	become	conscious	of	the	fact	that	-PRON-	have	something	in	common	,	and	,	try	to	perceive	more	clearly	what	this	community	be	,	and	suspect	that	-PRON-	be	a	national	quality	,	one	be	impel	to	meditate	upon	the	strong	contrast	possible	.		
none	of	the	obvious	complaint	that	be	or	may	have	be	bring	to	bear	upon	the	first	poems	and	ballads	hold	good	.		
the	alteration	be	not	complete	enough	,	however	,	to	be	convincing	.		
-PRON-	can	not	point	to	-PRON-	in	the	speech	;	indeed	,	if	-PRON-	examine	the	two	famous	soliloquy	-PRON-	see	the	versification	of	shakespeare	,	but	a	content	which	may	be	claim	by	another	,	perhaps	by	the	author	of	the	revenge	of	bussy	d’ambois	,	act	v.	sc	.		
in	sentimental	drama	-PRON-	appear	in	a	degrade	form	,	when	-PRON-	be	evidently	intend	to	accept	the	character	’s	sentimental	interpretation	of	-PRON-	.		
and	if	literature	be	to	swinburne	merely	a	passion	,	-PRON-	be	tempt	to	say	that	to	george	wyndham	-PRON-	be	a	hobby	,	and	to	mr.	whibley	almost	a	charming	showman	’s	show	(	-PRON-	be	charm	by	the	urbanity	of	the	showman	)	.		
to	have	hold	the	centre	of	the	stage	for	two	hour	in	a	rôle	which	require	both	extreme	violence	and	restraint	,	a	rôle	which	require	simple	force	and	subtle	variation	;	to	have	sustain	so	difficult	a	rôle	almost	without	support	;	this	be	a	legitimate	success	.		
swinburne	’s	word	must	always	be	refer	back	to	swinburne	-PRON-	.		
but	from	passage	like	the	first	-PRON-	may	be	permit	to	infer	that	massinger	be	unconscious	of	try	to	develop	a	different	kind	of	character	from	any	that	marlowe	or	jonson	have	invent	.		
these	poet	be	certainly	oblige	to	consume	vast	energy	in	this	pursuit	of	form	,	which	could	never	lead	to	a	wholly	satisfying	result	.		
and	-PRON-	have	name	three	of	massinger	’s	good	.		
in	order	to	fit	into	-PRON-	estimate	of	massinger	the	two	admirable	comedy	—	a	new	way	to	pay	old	debts	and	the	city	madam	—	a	more	extensive	research	would	be	require	than	be	possible	within	-PRON-	limit	.		
but	such	a	nature	be	not	at	hand	,	and	massinger	precede	,	not	another	shakespeare	,	but	milton	.		
blake	’s	poetry	have	the	unpleasantness	of	great	poetry	.		
wyndham	be	a	romantic	;	the	only	cure	for	romanticism	be	to	analyse	-PRON-	.		
the	point	of	view	which	-PRON-	be	struggle	to	attack	be	perhaps	relate	to	the	metaphysical	theory	of	the	substantial	unity	of	the	soul	:	for	-PRON-	meaning	be	,	that	the	poet	have	,	not	a	personality	"	to	express	,	but	a	particular	medium	,	which	be	only	a	medium	and	not	a	personality	,	in	which	impression	and	experience	combine	in	peculiar	and	unexpected	way	.		
the	critic	of	the	romantic	period	be	pioneer	,	and	exhibit	the	fallibility	of	discoverer	.		
if	-PRON-	examine	any	of	shakespeare	’s	more	successful	tragedy	,	-PRON-	will	find	this	exact	equivalence	;	-PRON-	will	find	that	the	state	of	mind	of	lady	macbeth	walk	in	-PRON-	sleep	have	be	communicate	to	-PRON-	by	a	skilful	accumulation	of	imagine	sensory	impression	;	the	word	of	macbeth	on	hearing	of	-PRON-	wife	’s	death	strike	-PRON-	as	if	,	give	the	sequence	of	event	,	these	word	be	automatically	release	by	the	last	event	in	the	series	.		
-PRON-	employ	all	the	convention	,	the	theatricality	,	of	the	modern	stage	;	yet	-PRON-	personality	triumph	over	not	only	professor	murray	’s	verse	but	-PRON-	own	training	.		
critic	be	often	interested	—	but	not	quite	in	the	nominal	subject	,	often	in	something	a	little	beside	the	point	;	-PRON-	be	often	learn	—	but	not	quite	to	the	point	either	.		
there	be	some	poet	whose	every	line	have	unique	value	.		
-PRON-	be	not	take	    	with	a	cobswan	or	a	highmount	bull	,	    	as	foolish	leda	and	europa	be	;	    	but	the	bright	gold	,	with	danaë	.		
(	tennyson	,	dora	)	in	faustus	marlowe	go	farther	:	-PRON-	break	up	the	line	,	to	a	gain	in	intensity	,	in	the	last	soliloquy	;	and	-PRON-	develop	a	new	and	important	conversational	tone	in	the	dialogue	of	faustus	with	the	devil	.		
if	-PRON-	look	at	catiline	—	that	dreary	pyrrhic	victory	of	tragedy	—	-PRON-	find	two	passage	to	be	successful	:	act	ii	.		
-PRON-	need	some	one	—	not	a	member	of	the	church	of	rome	,	and	perhaps	preferably	not	a	member	of	the	church	of	england	—	to	explain	how	vital	a	matter	-PRON-	be	,	if	aristotle	may	be	say	to	have	be	a	moral	pilot	of	europe	,	whether	-PRON-	shall	or	shall	not	drop	that	pilot	.		
this	lead	-PRON-	to	the	question	of	humours	.		
do	the	silkworm	expend	-PRON-	yellow	labour	    	for	thee	?		
the	bad	poet	dwell	partly	in	a	world	of	object	and	partly	in	a	world	of	word	,	and	-PRON-	never	can	get	-PRON-	to	fit	.		
m.	julien	benda	have	the	formal	beauty	which	the	american	critic	lack	,	and	a	close	affinity	to	-PRON-	in	point	of	view	.		
and	-PRON-	appear	to	be	satire	.		
for	one	thing	,	the	stage	appeal	to	too	many	demand	besides	the	demand	for	art	for	that	to	be	possible	;	and	also	-PRON-	need	,	unfortunately	,	something	more	than	refined	automaton	.		
but	at	this	point	the	impression	be	emotional	;	the	reader	in	the	ignorance	which	-PRON-	postulate	be	unable	to	distinguish	the	poetry	from	an	emotional	state	arouse	in	-PRON-	by	the	poetry	,	a	state	which	may	be	merely	an	indulgence	of	-PRON-	own	emotion	.		
this	impression	may	be	so	deep	that	no	subsequent	study	and	understanding	will	intensify	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	pertinent	,	at	least	,	to	remark	that	marlowe	’s	rhetoric	"	be	not	,	or	not	characteristically	,	shakespeare	’s	rhetoric	;	that	marlowe	’s	rhetoric	consist	in	a	pretty	simple	huffesnuffe	bombast	,	while	shakespeare	’s	be	more	exactly	a	vice	of	style	,	a	tortured	perverse	ingenuity	of	image	which	dissipate	instead	of	concentrate	the	imagination	,	and	which	may	be	due	in	part	to	influence	by	which	marlowe	be	untouched	.		
or	to	professor	bradley	?		
from	the	point	of	view	of	literature	,	the	drama	be	only	one	among	several	poetic	form	.		
massinger	:	and	now	,	in	the	evening	,	            	when	thou	shoud'st	pass	with	honour	to	thy	rest	,	            	wilt	thou	fall	like	a	meteor	?		
largely	on	the	evidence	of	the	two	humour	play	,	-PRON-	be	sometimes	assume	that	jonson	be	occupy	with	type	;	typical	exaggeration	,	or	exaggeration	of	type	.		
the	french	intelligence	as	the	inspection	of	type	of	english	irresistibly	provoke	a	glance	at	two	american	critic	,	so	the	inspection	of	the	latter	lead	-PRON-	attention	to	the	french	.		
but	almost	no	one	,	today	,	will	wish	to	read	the	whole	of	swinburne	.		
when	-PRON-	be	a	matter	of	pronounce	judgment	between	two	poet	,	swinburne	be	almost	unerring	.		
but	satire	like	jonson	’s	be	great	in	the	end	not	by	hit	off	-PRON-	object	,	but	by	create	-PRON-	;	the	satire	be	merely	the	mean	which	lead	to	the	æsthetic	result	,	the	impulse	which	project	a	new	world	into	a	new	orbit	.		
and	the	superb	addition	to	hieronimo.”[7	]	footnote	7	:	  	of	the	authorship	-PRON-	can	only	be	say	that	the	line	be	by	some	  	admirer	of	marlowe	.		
-PRON-	be	strange	that	swinburne	should	have	hint	at	a	similarity	to	jonson	and	not	mention	a	far	more	striking	affinity	of	chapman’s	—	that	is	,	donne	.		
-PRON-	live	in	no	fairyland	,	but	-PRON-	mind	go	out	and	become	a	part	of	thing	.		
here	,	in	fact	,	be	-PRON-	text	:	to	elucidate	this	sentence	would	be	to	account	for	massinger	.		
this	be	really	a	point	of	capital	importance	.		
-PRON-	exercise	neither	of	the	tool	of	the	critic	:	comparison	and	analysis	.		
the	scene	in	julius	cæsar	be	right	because	the	object	of	-PRON-	attention	be	not	the	speech	of	antony	(	bedeutung	)	but	the	effect	of	-PRON-	speech	upon	the	mob	,	and	antony	’s	intention	,	-PRON-	preparation	and	consciousness	of	the	effect	.		
-PRON-	think	of	shakespeare	perhaps	as	the	dramatist	who	concentrate	everything	into	a	sentence	,	pray	-PRON-	undo	this	button	,	"	or	honest	honest	iago	"	;	-PRON-	forget	that	there	be	a	rhetoric	proper	to	shakespeare	at	-PRON-	good	period	which	be	quite	free	from	the	genuine	shakespearean	vice	either	of	the	early	period	or	the	late	.		
the	ability	to	perform	that	slight	distortion	of	all	the	element	in	the	world	of	a	play	or	a	story	,	so	that	this	world	be	complete	in	-PRON-	,	which	be	give	to	marlowe	and	jonson	(	and	to	rabelais	)	and	which	be	prerequisite	to	great	farce	,	be	deny	to	massinger	.		
and	-PRON-	do	not	quite	say	that	the	new	be	more	valuable	because	-PRON-	fit	in	;	but	-PRON-	fitting	in	be	a	test	of	-PRON-	value	—	a	test	,	-PRON-	be	true	,	which	can	only	be	slowly	and	cautiously	apply	,	for	-PRON-	be	none	of	-PRON-	infallible	judge	of	conformity	.		
in	the	agamemnon	,	the	artistic	emotion	approximate	to	the	emotion	of	an	actual	spectator	;	in	othello	to	the	emotion	of	the	protagonist	-PRON-	.		
as	for	the	last	alternative	,	-PRON-	be	not	to	be	entertain	;	as	for	the	second	,	what	type	do	-PRON-	prefer	?		
and	as	-PRON-	recall	other	scene	—	there	be	a	suggestion	of	the	college	of	lady	in	the	silent	woman	—	-PRON-	look	like	a	comedy	scene	.		
and	-PRON-	be	at	the	same	time	what	make	a	writer	most	acutely	conscious	of	-PRON-	place	in	time	,	of	-PRON-	contemporaneity	.		
there	remain	to	define	this	process	of	depersonalization	and	-PRON-	relation	to	the	sense	of	tradition	.		
and	as	in	france	,	so	in	england	,	the	more	farcical	comedy	be	the	more	serious	.		
such	man	as	tylor	,	and	robertson	smith	,	and	wilhelm	wundt	,	who	early	fertilize	the	soil	,	would	hardly	recognize	the	result	vegetation	;	and	indeed	poor	wundt	’s	völkerpsychologie	be	a	musty	relic	before	-PRON-	be	translate	.		
or	-PRON-	may	have	study	through	the	literature	to	the	mind	of	that	century	;	-PRON-	may	,	by	dissection	and	analysis	,	have	help	-PRON-	to	some	insight	into	the	feeling	and	think	which	-PRON-	seem	to	have	leave	so	far	away	.		
the	usual	conclusion	be	either	that	condition	"	be	too	much	for	-PRON-	,	or	that	-PRON-	really	prefer	other	type	of	literature	,	or	simply	that	-PRON-	be	uninspired	.		
the	verse	of	edward	iii	deserve	study	.		
shakespeare	:	’tis	in	-PRON-	memory	lock	,	              	and	-PRON-	-PRON-	shall	keep	the	key	of	-PRON-	.		
the	meaning	which	-PRON-	have	be	oblige	to	shoulder	have	be	mostly	opprobrious	;	but	if	a	precise	meaning	can	be	find	for	-PRON-	this	meaning	may	occasionally	represent	a	virtue	.		
[	5	]	footnote	5	:	  	-PRON-	should	except	the	dynasts	.		
but	at	least	marlowe	have	,	in	a	few	word	,	concentrate	-PRON-	into	a	statement	.		
one	be	by	isolate	the	essential	,	by	point	out	the	most	intense	in	various	kind	and	separate	-PRON-	from	the	accident	of	environment	.		
the	word	fall	with	as	determine	beat	as	if	-PRON-	be	the	will	of	the	morose	dictator	-PRON-	.		
in	the	indefinable	touch	which	make	up	the	music	of	a	verse	[	say	    	boyle	]	,	in	the	artistic	distribution	of	pause	,	and	in	the	unerr	    	choice	and	grouping	of	just	those	word	which	strike	the	ear	as	the	    	perfection	of	harmony	,	there	be	,	if	-PRON-	leave	cyril	tourneur	’s	    	atheist	’s	tragedy	out	of	the	question	,	only	two	master	in	the	    	drama	,	shakespeare	in	-PRON-	late	period	and	massinger	.		
and	-PRON-	may	say	:	rhetoric	;	but	if	-PRON-	be	to	call	-PRON-	rhetoric	"	-PRON-	must	subject	that	term	to	a	close	dissection	than	any	to	which	-PRON-	be	accustomed	.		
if	,	then	,	-PRON-	must	be	very	careful	in	apply	term	of	censure	,	like	diffuse	,	"	-PRON-	must	be	equally	careful	of	praise	.		
there	be	other	who	need	be	read	only	in	selection	,	but	what	selection	be	read	will	not	very	much	matter	.		
the	inferiority	of	massinger	to	jonson	be	an	inferiority	,	not	of	one	type	of	art	to	another	,	but	within	jonson	’s	type	.		
there	be	strength	and	energy	,	at	least	,	in	marlowe	’s	amores	.		
but	-PRON-	can	not	believe	that	george	wyndham	live	in	the	real	world	.		
in	the	early	drama	these	convention	be	merely	a	framework	,	or	an	alloy	necessary	for	work	the	metal	;	the	metal	-PRON-	consist	of	unique	emotion	result	inevitably	from	the	circumstance	,	result	or	inhere	as	inevitably	as	the	property	of	a	chemical	compound	.		
