Rodrigo, Francisco Xavier Garcia: Historia Verdadera de la     Inquisicion.” Madrid, 1877.		
Upon the young man’s information Ojeda instituted an inquiry, and six Judaizers were arrested.		
The accused would be taking unnecessary trouble.		
If he persists in his denials he is to be shown further implements of torture, and assured that he will have to undergo them all unless he speaks the truth.		
[95] Even so, however, it could not be in the interests of the Church to parade these offenders, and thus expose the sore places in her own body.		
He enriched theological literature by several works, the best known of which is his Meditations.” Fr.		
XV to XIX concern any who observe Hebrew tablecustoms: whether     they bless their viands according to the Jewish custom, whether     they drink lawful” winei.e. wine that has been pressed by     Jewsand eat meat that has been slaughtered by Jews.		
[61] Llorente, Anales,” cap.		
An Asiatic,” says Voltaire, arriving in Madrid on the day of an Auto de Fé, would doubt whether here was a festival, a religious celebration, a sacrifice, or a massacre.		
The opinion of the Rabbis is that since the King of Spain attempts to make you Christians, you should become Christians; since he deprives you of your goods and property, you should make your children merchants, that they may deprive the Christians of theirs; since you say that they deprive you of your lives, make your sons apothecaries and physicians to deprive the Christians of theirs; since they destroy your synagogues, make your sons clerics that they may destroy the Christian temples; since you say that you suffer other wrongs, make your sons enter public offices that thus they may render the Christians subject to them.		
There was an outcry from the swindled victims.		
And so it continued.		
He resists their questions, and will add nothing to what he has confessed, until the executioner has submitted him to that frightful torment and given him one jar of water.		
And in the meantime, practice having brought to light certain shortcomings in the decrees which he had already issued, Torquemada added a further eleven articles in 1485.		
Moreover he was now supported by Fr.		
By that article it was decreed that confiscation should be retrospectivei.e. that a heretic’s property should be confiscate not from the day of the discovery of his heresy, but from the date of the offence itself.		
On the subject of Article VIII, which enjoins inquisitors to punish false witnesses with public pains, Llorente is particularly interesting in a commentary: Properly to understand this article, it is necessary to realize that there were two ways of being a false witness: one by calumniating, another by denying knowledge of heretical words or deeds upon which a person might be questioned in the course of proceedings against an accused.		
About the pillars of the vast church, in the gloom that was scarcely relieved by the altarlamp, they waited silently, like bloody wolves,” says Trasmiera, for the coming of that gentle lamb.” Towards midnight there was a stir overhead; lights beat faintly upon the darkness; the canons were assembling for matins in the choir.		
Obviously he was no selfseeker.		
The question may certainly seem an odd one from a man who had been born a Jew.		
Hear him: These two divergent opinions may be reconciled by considering that whatever promises the inquisitors make, they are not to be understood to apply to anything beyond the penalties whose rigour the Inquisition has the right to lessennamely, canonical penances, and not those by law prescribed.”        *       *       *       *       * He writes this knowing that these promises are understood by the prisoner to mean something very differentthat the prisoner is desired so to understand them, made so to understand them.		
CHAPTER XIX THE LEGEND OF THE SANTO NIÑO The extravagant story related by Martinez Moreno, the parish priest of La Guardia, in his little book on the Santo Niño, is derived, as we have said, partly from the Testimonio” and partly from the Memoria” by de Vegas; further, it embodies all those legendary, supernatural details with which the popular imagination had embellished the theme.		
From this it is to be inferred that appeals to the Vatican continued to be numerous, notwithstanding the provisions made by the Pope to constitute Torquemada the supreme arbiter in matters of the Faith.		
His petition was dismissed, the Grand Inquisitor refusing to alter the sentence; and Llorente adds that the Capuchin died three years later in the convent to which he was sent.		
To carry out this urgentlyrequired purification, he implored the Queen to establish the Inquisition.		
What a store the casuist sets by words!		
xxxiv, §§ xii and xiii; Pulgar, Cronica,” II.		
Whence was the child?” they ask him.		
He was tortured further in the endeavour to wring from him the names of his associates in the deed, and finally he was promised grace” if he would divulge them.		
Torture must not be repeated because it is by law forbidden to put an accused to the question more than once, unless in the meantime fresh evidence has been forthcoming; but it is not forbidden to continue itnot forbidden because those who formulated that law never dreamt of such a quibble being raised.		
The Catholic Sovereigns refused to ratify the appointment of Riario, and begged the Popesubmissively at firstto cancel it.		
He introduced himself to the lad as a Rabbi named Abraham, and completely imposed upon him and won his confidence.		
Surrounded as she was by priestly counsellors whom she respected, she nevertheless manifested plainly her impatience of the clerical usurpation of the rights of the Crown.		
*       *       *       *       * A relapsed heretic, once his guilt was thoroughly established, must be abandoned to the secular arm,” and this notwithstanding any repentance he might manifest or any promises he might make for the future.		
This assumption is one that deepens the mysterious parts of the affair rather than elucidates them, for it leaves us without the faintest indication of how the Fiscal Guevára was able to incorporate in his indictment nine months ago the particulars of enchantments with the said Host and heart of a Christian boy.” From what Benito has said to Yucé in prison we might be justified in supposing that the former is the delator; but in view of the turn now taken by the proceedings this supposition seems to become untenable.		
The populace surged into the courtyard, clamouring for the Seneschal.		
*       *       *       *       * In the middle of the thirteenth century a change unfortunately set in, and this external harmony so laboriously established was disturbed by an excrescence of the real feelings that had never ceased to underlie it.		
There they were attached to the stakes that had been erected, fire was set to the faggots, and thus they perished miserably, to the greater honour and glory of the Catholic Apostolic Church.		
Trasmiera, Diego Garcia de: Epitome de la Vida de Pedro de     Arbués.” Madrid, 1664.		
There is nothing in this article that may be considered as a departure from or an enlargement upon any of the rules laid down by Eymeric in his Directorium,” as we shall see when we come to deal with this gruesome subject of torture.		
;     Testimonio” quoted, 276;     paternity of, 329;     why crucified, 337;     evidence considered, 346 et seq.		
Since he had not made an open and complete confession, it was argued that he was clearly an impenitent heretic, for whom there could be no mercyor only a very slight one, as we shall see.		
It became necessary for the Aljama of that city to petition the Sovereigns for protection, and M. Fidel Fita quotes a royal letter commanding such protection to be extended, with threats of rigour against any who should molest them.		
He invests the fanatical Ojeda with the character of an angel of mercy, and represents him hovering round the condemned, exhorting them, almost with tears, to abjure their error, and he assures us that although the Dominican persevered in his charitable efforts up to the last moment, all was vain.		
The inquisitors earnestly implored the secular justiciaries to whom they abandoned him not to do him any hurt whatever.		
If he enters into such a promise is he not obliged to keep it?” By this latter question he means, of course, the promise to pardon which the prisoner was given to understand was made him.		
At the conclusion of his announcement the Gospels and a crucifix were brought, and upon these all were required to make solemn oath of their desire to serve God and the Sovereigns, to uphold the Catholic Faith, and to defend and shelter the administrators of the Holy Inquisition.		
At the first audience his statement of yesterday is read over to him, and when he has ratified it he is again pressed with stealthy questions to add a little more of what passed in those conversations with Benito.		
Zurita, Geronimo: Anales de la Corona de Aragon.” Madrid, 1852.		
*       *       *       *       * At what period the Jews first appeared in the peninsula it is not easy to determine with accuracy.		
Llorente tells us that although he went through very many records of old proceedings of the Inquisition, in no single instance did he discover a record of any such provision in favour of the child of a condemned heretic.		
[173] The matter was of such gravity that we are quite safe in assumingand we have evidence to warrant the assumptionthat it was instantly communicated to Torquemada, who at the time was at his convent of Segovia, practically upon the spot.		
In no Catholic country does the cherishing of a fervent faith, in itself, imply respect for the clergy.		
Failing that, he begs them to declare his client acquitted, to release him, restoring him his good fame and all property that may have been confiscated by order of their Paternities or any other judges of the Inquisition.		
Torquemada’s frenzied intolerance of men of Jewish blood was by no means confined to those who practised the Law of Moses.		
These men, who were secretly armed, having gained admission, stabbed the sentry and seized the person of Bobadilla, whilst Maldonado, with other of his people, took possession of the castle itself.		
Whilst on the subject it may be added that the crucifix, as the emblem of Christianity, was not introduced until the seventh century, when it was established by the Quinisexte Council at Constantinople.		
p. 8.		
He has left us a rather intimate history of the Catholic Sovereigns, fairly rich in vivid detail.		
[192] It certainly seems that without previous assurance that some such consideration was intended towards him, he would never have ventured to prefer a request of this nature, at once incriminatingsince it admitted his possession of knowledge hitherto withheldand impudent in its assumption that such information would be purchased at the price he named.		
*       *       *       *       * A person was considered relapsusrelapsed into heresynot only if, as in the case of the selfdelator who availed himself of the edict of grace, he had once been pardoned an avowed heresy, but if he had once abjured a heresy of which he had been suspected either vehemently or violently.		
Under it he gives a general confirmation of what has already been extracted from the others.		
Succour them none dared, by virtue of the decree of the Grand Inquisitor; but on every hand they were exhorted to accept baptism and thus set a term upon their tribulations.		
[80] Llorente says of him: The result accredited the election.		
But Eymeric went no further than to say that these names should be suppressed where a possibility of danger to the delators lay in their being divulged.		
Presuming upon his high position, and also upon the great esteem in which he was held by his king, Caballeria showed the Inquisition an intrepid countenance.		
A word must here be said on the score of ABJURATION.		
He had collected the various elements of the peninsula into one mighty kingdom, which He had subjected to their sceptre.		
Rather was Torquemada’s object to remove all fear that might trammel delators and stifle delations.		
But in such cases the inquisitors should proceed with     great care in their examination of the witnesses, closely     crossquestioning them, gathering information on the score of     their characters, and ascertaining whether there exist motives     why they should depone out of hatred or illwill towards the     prisoner.		
That letter contained the following description: At this time there appeared a man who is still living and who is gifted with great power.		
The energy and intelligence inherent in men of their race were serving them now, as they had served them before, to their undoing.		
But after they had been delivered from this by the Saracen invaders, to whom by race and creed they were fairly sympathetic, they enjoyedalike under Moslem and Christian rulea season of prosperity in Spain, which endured until the close of the thirteenth century.		
Consider Articles IV, V, and VII, concerning the assumption of clean linen on Saturdays and the stripping of fat from beef and mutton, which nowise offend against the Christian faith, and might well be the perpetuation of customs acquired before baptism was received.		
According to the statements of Yucé and of Juan Franco, it is the latter’s brother who opened the veins in the boy’s arms, whereas Ocaña said that this was done by Yucé.		
Many other matters received attention; amongst them the necessity for remedying the evils arising out of the commerce between Christians and Jews was seriously considered.		
XX.		
HUSÉE, Prince of the Jews of Constantinople.”        *       *       *       *       * The matter of these lettersso very obviously forgedwas freely circulated.		
As a matter of fact, Bernaldez, the only available authority who mentions Susan’s end, tells us specifically that he died a Christian.		
From Limborch’s Historia Inquisitionis.”] At first glance this statement appears untrue.		
Meanwhile, however, and by his own act, his enemies at home had found two powerful mediators with the Pope, two powerful advocates to plead their cause before the Apostolic Court.		
ii.		
After some days thus employed in preparing the prisoner for death, the inquisitor should advise the secular justices of the day and hour and place when and where he would abandon to them a heretic.		
To lessen this risk as far as possible, Don Diego directed at first a southerly and then a westerly course; and so, taking a line midway between the islands of Tobago and Grenada, they won safely through the dangerzone and came into the comparative security of the Caribbean Sea.		
But it must be contrived, nevertheless.		
While you waste your time here, the hours are passing!		
He had succeeded so well in his intentions that he had aroused no suspicion until he saluted the fort at short range with a broadside of twenty guns.		
Meanwhile Ogle was growing impatient.		
And in that case where was the genius that would have turned the tables on these rascally Spaniards?” Why speak of it now?” Mr.		
Thoughtfully he rubbed his chin.		
The comedy was ended.		
The three vessels to which he confined it were the Arabella, the La Foudre, which Cahusac now commanded with a contingent of some sixscore Frenchmen, and the Santiago, which had been refitted and rechristened the Elizabeth, after that Queen of England whose seamen had humbled Spain as Captain Blood now hoped to humble it again.		
But what of me?” Cahusac, with the pearls clutched in his capacious hand, stepped up to him on the other side.		
His lordship was past amazement.		
He raised his voice in answering.		
And in all this time not a single shot had the Spaniards contrived to fire, so completely had they been taken by surprise, and so swift and paralyzing had been Blood's stroke.		
There is warformally warbetween France and Spain in Europe.		
You have a good opinion of yourself.” On the contrary.		
Our brief separation has been mighty profitable,” was Captain Blood's greeting.		
A man must sometimes laugh at himself or go mad,” said he.		
Then, in an even quieter voice than before, Miss Bishop asked: Who killed him?” Pitt answered readily.		
It's a busy morning we've both had.” He was in high goodhumour as he led the way to the great cabin for a rendering of accounts.		
It was, he declared afterwards, one of the bitterest moments in his career.		
He conceived the scorn with which she would come to hear of his having turned pirate, and the scorn, though as yet no more than imagined, hurt him as if it were already a reality.		
Did he say the girl was present, too?” Yes.		
Wolverstone laughed again, whereat his lordship flushed.		
It's our only chance, I've said, and we must take it.” The better way that was in Captain Blood's mind was the way that already he had proposed to Wolverstone.		
Her inconsiderate brother might have ruined that romantic scene but for the watchful Cahusac, who quietly tripped him up, and then trussed him like a fowl.		
Miss Bishop sat bemused, her brows knit, her brooding glance seeming to study the fine Spanish point that edged the tablecloth.		
M. d'Ogeron had not troubled to restrain his highpitched voice, and the Captain had overheard the Frenchman's last two sentences.		
Mr.		
He cursed all things that daggled petticoats, and, knowing his world, waited for the sickness to pass.		
Ye don't know Colonel Bishop, that's clear.		
Quickly, but eloquently, Blood expressed his thanks, where he knew that no thanks were due.		
Then By God!” he roared.		
And what would Governor Steed do, then?” Ye're not the only doctor on the island.” Mr.		
Well, wellas I said beforepraemonitus, praemunitus.		
We fell in with old Don Miguel, and when we'd scuttled him we took aboard a London pimp sent out by the Secretary of State to offer the Captain the King's commission if so be him'd quit piracy and be o' good behaviour.		
In an unsteady hand he wrote that summons to his officers.		
But what is it, in reality, will you tell me?		
His mouth fell open.		
Then letting his arms fall helplessly to his sides in dejection, he departed.		
Nay, sir, that is an evasion.		
Don Miguel swore profanely, and then, as the helm was put over to swing her back to her course, his own prow replied.		
He doffed his hat and stood aside to give her passage.		
The doctor was kept in constant attendance upon him until long after midnight, when at last he was able to ease the sufferer a little by a bleeding.		
But the next man, a middleaged Colossus named Wolverstone, who had lost an eye at Sedgemoor, drew his regard, and the haggling was recommenced.		
It would ruin me.		
Sure, I walked into a trap, as ye feared, Jeremy,” Blood hailed him.		
Peter watched her departure.		
And then they understood.		
True that at last, after long time, we catch the DeputyGovernor; true, we make him pay big ransom for Gibraltar; true between that ransom and the loot we return here with some two thousand pieces of eight.		
Another in your place....” Faith, now, don't I know what another would have said?		
Of Hagthorpe, Yberville, and Wolverstone who stood ranged behind their captain, he took no heed whatever.		
Levasseur dashed one hand against the other, as if dusting them.		
She made a little impatient movement with her hand, and looked away from him a moment, out to sea.		
I am sorry I should have been sought....” Aye, and you'll be sorrier yet.		
He turned again to face Miss Bishop.		
Now we come to it.		
He noted the sheen of her redbrown hair, and how gracefully one of its heavy ringlets coiled upon her slender, milkwhite neck.		
That is yet to be proved in action,” said he.		
I've no doubt at all the Spanish Admiral will welcome the abatement of our numbers even at this late date.		
And I'll be wishing ye both a very good day.” He swept off his feathered hat, and made them a leg very elegantly.		
Then he fingered the muscles of the young man's arm, and bade him open his mouth that he might see his teeth.		
Remembering it, he went off at the double, despite his bulk and the heat, his negroes trotting after him.		
As she lay awake, idly watching the rippled green water that appeared to be streaming past the heavily glazed porthole, she became gradually aware of the sounds of swift, laboured bustlethe clatter of many feet, the shouts of hoarse voices, and the persistent trundlings of heavy bodies in the wardroom immediately below the deck of the cabin.		
As he advanced, Bishop turned to regard him, scowling.		
His voice sank again.		
Over his shoulder Captain Blood observed her approach.		
Nuttall passed on, upon the understanding that he would go.		
His eyes took in the situation at a glance, as Captain Blood rose to greet him.		
I can't think that it would make the least difference if he did,” said his lordship gravely.		
That offer I rejected, as his lordship will tell you, deeming myself affronted by it.		
Lord Julian span round, to face him, and clapped a hand to his sword.		
Truss him, wrist and heel, but don't hurt himnot so much as a hair of his precious head.” The injunction was very necessary.		
Her beakhead was in splinters, and a shot had smashed through into the great cabin, reducing it to wreckage.		
You misunderstand,” he said, swallowing his rage.		
The Supreme Council of Castile might anon condemn him for his practices.		
I know my duty to my King, and I intend to perform it.		
And there was occasion for it.		
But he left it there.		
One of the Spaniards had fled from the combat, and if the Pride of Devon had not given chase it was probably because she was by then in no case to do so.		
Thus, almost silently without challenge or exchange of signals, had action been mutually determined.		
He stepped forward swinging his light bamboo cane.		
It's close upon a month since last I saw you.” Twentyone days to the hour,” said he.		
I marvel that I don't pistol you without more ado, ye fat blackguard.		
