rodrigo	,	francisco	xavier	garcia	:	historia	verdadera	de	la	    	inquisicion	.	"	madrid	,	1877	.		
upon	the	young	man	’s	information	ojeda	institute	an	inquiry	,	and	six	judaizer	be	arrest	.		
the	accuse	would	be	take	unnecessary	trouble	.		
if	-PRON-	persist	in	-PRON-	denial	-PRON-	be	to	be	show	further	implement	of	torture	,	and	assure	that	-PRON-	will	have	to	undergo	-PRON-	all	unless	-PRON-	speak	the	truth	.		
[	95	]	even	so	,	however	,	-PRON-	could	not	be	in	the	interest	of	the	church	to	parade	these	offender	,	and	thus	expose	the	sore	place	in	-PRON-	own	body	.		
-PRON-	enrich	theological	literature	by	several	work	,	the	best	know	of	which	be	-PRON-	meditations	.	"	fr	.		
xv	to	xix	concern	any	who	observe	hebrew	tablecustom	:	whether	    	-PRON-	bless	-PRON-	viand	accord	to	the	jewish	custom	,	whether	    	-PRON-	drink	lawful	"	winei.e	.	wine	that	have	be	press	by	    	jewsand	eat	meat	that	have	be	slaughter	by	jews	.		
[	61	]	llorente	,	anales	,	"	cap	.		
an	asiatic	,	"	say	voltaire	,	arrive	in	madrid	on	the	day	of	an	auto	de	fé	,	would	doubt	whether	here	be	a	festival	,	a	religious	celebration	,	a	sacrifice	,	or	a	massacre	.		
the	opinion	of	the	rabbis	be	that	since	the	king	of	spain	attempt	to	make	-PRON-	christians	,	-PRON-	should	become	christians	;	since	-PRON-	deprive	-PRON-	of	-PRON-	good	and	property	,	-PRON-	should	make	-PRON-	child	merchant	,	that	-PRON-	may	deprive	the	christians	of	-PRON-	;	since	-PRON-	say	that	-PRON-	deprive	-PRON-	of	-PRON-	life	,	make	-PRON-	son	apothecary	and	physician	to	deprive	the	christians	of	-PRON-	;	since	-PRON-	destroy	-PRON-	synagogue	,	make	-PRON-	son	cleric	that	-PRON-	may	destroy	the	christian	temple	;	since	-PRON-	say	that	-PRON-	suffer	other	wrong	,	make	-PRON-	son	enter	public	office	that	thus	-PRON-	may	render	the	christians	subject	to	-PRON-	.		
there	be	an	outcry	from	the	swindle	victim	.		
and	so	-PRON-	continue	.		
-PRON-	resist	-PRON-	question	,	and	will	add	nothing	to	what	-PRON-	have	confess	,	until	the	executioner	have	submit	-PRON-	to	that	frightful	torment	and	give	-PRON-	one	jar	of	water	.		
and	in	the	meantime	,	practice	have	bring	to	light	certain	shortcoming	in	the	decree	which	-PRON-	have	already	issue	,	torquemada	add	a	further	eleven	article	in	1485	.		
moreover	-PRON-	be	now	support	by	fr	.		
by	that	article	-PRON-	be	decree	that	confiscation	should	be	retrospectivei.e	.	that	a	heretic	’s	property	should	be	confiscate	not	from	the	day	of	the	discovery	of	-PRON-	heresy	,	but	from	the	date	of	the	offence	-PRON-	.		
on	the	subject	of	article	viii	,	which	enjoin	inquisitor	to	punish	false	witness	with	public	pain	,	llorente	be	particularly	interesting	in	a	commentary	:	properly	to	understand	this	article	,	-PRON-	be	necessary	to	realize	that	there	be	two	way	of	be	a	false	witness	:	one	by	calumniate	,	another	by	deny	knowledge	of	heretical	word	or	deed	upon	which	a	person	may	be	question	in	the	course	of	proceeding	against	an	accuse	.		
about	the	pillar	of	the	vast	church	,	in	the	gloom	that	be	scarcely	relieve	by	the	altarlamp	,	-PRON-	wait	silently	,	like	bloody	wolf	,	"	say	trasmiera	,	for	the	coming	of	that	gentle	lamb	.	"	towards	midnight	there	be	a	stir	overhead	;	light	beat	faintly	upon	the	darkness	;	the	canon	be	assemble	for	matin	in	the	choir	.		
obviously	-PRON-	be	no	selfseeker	.		
the	question	may	certainly	seem	an	odd	one	from	a	man	who	have	be	bear	a	jew	.		
hear	-PRON-	:	these	two	divergent	opinion	may	be	reconcile	by	consider	that	whatev	promise	the	inquisitor	make	,	-PRON-	be	not	to	be	understand	to	apply	to	anything	beyond	the	penalty	whose	rigour	the	inquisition	have	the	right	to	lessennamely	,	canonical	penance	,	and	not	those	by	law	prescribe	.	"	       	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	-PRON-	write	this	know	that	these	promise	be	understand	by	the	prisoner	to	mean	something	very	differentthat	the	prisoner	be	desire	so	to	understand	-PRON-	,	make	so	to	understand	-PRON-	.		
chapter	xix	the	legend	of	the	santo	niño	the	extravagant	story	relate	by	martinez	moreno	,	the	parish	priest	of	la	guardia	,	in	-PRON-	little	book	on	the	santo	niño	,	be	derive	,	as	-PRON-	have	say	,	partly	from	the	testimonio	"	and	partly	from	the	memoria	"	by	de	vegas	;	further	,	-PRON-	embody	all	those	legendary	,	supernatural	detail	with	which	the	popular	imagination	have	embellish	the	theme	.		
from	this	-PRON-	be	to	be	infer	that	appeal	to	the	vatican	continue	to	be	numerous	,	notwithstanding	the	provision	make	by	the	pope	to	constitute	torquemada	the	supreme	arbiter	in	matter	of	the	faith	.		
-PRON-	petition	be	dismiss	,	the	grand	inquisitor	refuse	to	alter	the	sentence	;	and	llorente	add	that	the	capuchin	die	three	year	later	in	the	convent	to	which	-PRON-	be	send	.		
to	carry	out	this	urgentlyrequired	purification	,	-PRON-	implore	the	queen	to	establish	the	inquisition	.		
what	a	store	the	casuist	set	by	word	!		
xxxiv	,	§	§	xii	and	xiii	;	pulgar	,	cronica	,	"	ii	.		
whence	be	the	child	?	"	-PRON-	ask	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	torture	further	in	the	endeavour	to	wring	from	-PRON-	the	name	of	-PRON-	associate	in	the	deed	,	and	finally	-PRON-	be	promise	grace	"	if	-PRON-	would	divulge	-PRON-	.		
torture	must	not	be	repeat	because	-PRON-	be	by	law	forbid	to	put	an	accuse	to	the	question	more	than	once	,	unless	in	the	meantime	fresh	evidence	have	be	forthcoming	;	but	-PRON-	be	not	forbid	to	continue	itnot	forbid	because	those	who	formulate	that	law	never	dream	of	such	a	quibble	be	raise	.		
the	catholic	sovereigns	refuse	to	ratify	the	appointment	of	riario	,	and	beg	the	popesubmissively	at	firstto	cancel	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	introduce	-PRON-	to	the	lad	as	a	rabbi	name	abraham	,	and	completely	impose	upon	-PRON-	and	win	-PRON-	confidence	.		
surround	as	-PRON-	be	by	priestly	counsellor	whom	-PRON-	respect	,	-PRON-	nevertheless	manifest	plainly	-PRON-	impatience	of	the	clerical	usurpation	of	the	right	of	the	crown	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	a	relapse	heretic	,	once	-PRON-	guilt	be	thoroughly	establish	,	must	be	abandon	to	the	secular	arm	,	"	and	this	notwithstanding	any	repentance	-PRON-	may	manifest	or	any	promise	-PRON-	may	make	for	the	future	.		
this	assumption	be	one	that	deepen	the	mysterious	part	of	the	affair	rather	than	elucidate	-PRON-	,	for	-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	without	the	faint	indication	of	how	the	fiscal	guevára	be	able	to	incorporate	in	-PRON-	indictment	nine	month	ago	the	particular	of	enchantment	with	the	say	host	and	heart	of	a	christian	boy	.	"	from	what	benito	have	say	to	yucé	in	prison	-PRON-	may	be	justify	in	suppose	that	the	former	be	the	delator	;	but	in	view	of	the	turn	now	take	by	the	proceeding	this	supposition	seem	to	become	untenable	.		
the	populace	surge	into	the	courtyard	,	clamour	for	the	seneschal	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	in	the	middle	of	the	thirteenth	century	a	change	unfortunately	set	in	,	and	this	external	harmony	so	laboriously	establish	be	disturb	by	an	excrescence	of	the	real	feeling	that	have	never	cease	to	underlie	-PRON-	.		
there	-PRON-	be	attach	to	the	stake	that	have	be	erect	,	fire	be	set	to	the	faggot	,	and	thus	-PRON-	perish	miserably	,	to	the	great	honour	and	glory	of	the	catholic	apostolic	church	.		
trasmiera	,	diego	garcia	de	:	epitome	de	la	vida	de	pedro	de	    	arbués	.	"	madrid	,	1664	.		
there	be	nothing	in	this	article	that	may	be	consider	as	a	departure	from	or	an	enlargement	upon	any	of	the	rule	lay	down	by	eymeric	in	-PRON-	directorium	,	"	as	-PRON-	shall	see	when	-PRON-	come	to	deal	with	this	gruesome	subject	of	torture	.		
;	    	testimonio	"	quote	,	276	;	    	paternity	of	,	329	;	    	why	crucify	,	337	;	    	evidence	consider	,	346	et	seq	.		
since	-PRON-	have	not	make	an	open	and	complete	confession	,	-PRON-	be	argue	that	-PRON-	be	clearly	an	impenitent	heretic	,	for	whom	there	could	be	no	mercyor	only	a	very	slight	one	,	as	-PRON-	shall	see	.		
-PRON-	become	necessary	for	the	aljama	of	that	city	to	petition	the	sovereigns	for	protection	,	and	m.	fidel	fita	quote	a	royal	letter	command	such	protection	to	be	extend	,	with	threat	of	rigour	against	any	who	should	molest	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	invest	the	fanatical	ojeda	with	the	character	of	an	angel	of	mercy	,	and	represent	-PRON-	hover	round	the	condemn	,	exhort	-PRON-	,	almost	with	tear	,	to	abjure	-PRON-	error	,	and	-PRON-	assure	-PRON-	that	although	the	dominican	persevere	in	-PRON-	charitable	effort	up	to	the	last	moment	,	all	be	vain	.		
the	inquisitor	earnestly	implore	the	secular	justiciary	to	whom	-PRON-	abandon	-PRON-	not	to	do	-PRON-	any	hurt	whatev	.		
if	-PRON-	enter	into	such	a	promise	be	-PRON-	not	oblige	to	keep	-PRON-	?	"	by	this	latter	question	-PRON-	mean	,	of	course	,	the	promise	to	pardon	which	the	prisoner	be	give	to	understand	be	make	-PRON-	.		
at	the	conclusion	of	-PRON-	announcement	the	gospels	and	a	crucifix	be	bring	,	and	upon	these	all	be	require	to	make	solemn	oath	of	-PRON-	desire	to	serve	god	and	the	sovereigns	,	to	uphold	the	catholic	faith	,	and	to	defend	and	shelter	the	administrator	of	the	holy	inquisition	.		
at	the	first	audience	-PRON-	statement	of	yesterday	be	read	over	to	-PRON-	,	and	when	-PRON-	have	ratify	-PRON-	-PRON-	be	again	press	with	stealthy	question	to	add	a	little	more	of	what	pass	in	those	conversation	with	benito	.		
zurita	,	geronimo	:	anales	de	la	corona	de	aragon	.	"	madrid	,	1852	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	at	what	period	the	jews	first	appear	in	the	peninsula	-PRON-	be	not	easy	to	determine	with	accuracy	.		
llorente	tell	-PRON-	that	although	-PRON-	go	through	very	many	record	of	old	proceeding	of	the	inquisition	,	in	no	single	instance	do	-PRON-	discover	a	record	of	any	such	provision	in	favour	of	the	child	of	a	condemn	heretic	.		
[	173	]	the	matter	be	of	such	gravity	that	-PRON-	be	quite	safe	in	assumingand	-PRON-	have	evidence	to	warrant	the	assumptionthat	-PRON-	be	instantly	communicate	to	torquemada	,	who	at	the	time	be	at	-PRON-	convent	of	segovia	,	practically	upon	the	spot	.		
in	no	catholic	country	do	the	cherishing	of	a	fervent	faith	,	in	-PRON-	,	imply	respect	for	the	clergy	.		
fail	that	,	-PRON-	beg	-PRON-	to	declare	-PRON-	client	acquit	,	to	release	-PRON-	,	restore	-PRON-	-PRON-	good	fame	and	all	property	that	may	have	be	confiscate	by	order	of	-PRON-	paternity	or	any	other	judge	of	the	inquisition	.		
torquemada	’s	frenzied	intolerance	of	man	of	jewish	blood	be	by	no	mean	confine	to	those	who	practise	the	law	of	moses	.		
these	man	,	who	be	secretly	armed	,	have	gain	admission	,	stab	the	sentry	and	seize	the	person	of	bobadilla	,	whilst	maldonado	,	with	other	of	-PRON-	people	,	take	possession	of	the	castle	-PRON-	.		
whilst	on	the	subject	-PRON-	may	be	add	that	the	crucifix	,	as	the	emblem	of	christianity	,	be	not	introduce	until	the	seventh	century	,	when	-PRON-	be	establish	by	the	quinisexte	council	at	constantinople	.		
p.	8	.		
-PRON-	have	leave	-PRON-	a	rather	intimate	history	of	the	catholic	sovereigns	,	fairly	rich	in	vivid	detail	.		
[	192	]	-PRON-	certainly	seem	that	without	previous	assurance	that	some	such	consideration	be	intend	towards	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	would	never	have	venture	to	prefer	a	request	of	this	nature	,	at	once	incriminatingsince	-PRON-	admit	-PRON-	possession	of	knowledge	hitherto	withheldand	impudent	in	-PRON-	assumption	that	such	information	would	be	purchase	at	the	price	-PRON-	name	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	a	person	be	consider	relapsusrelaps	into	heresynot	only	if	,	as	in	the	case	of	the	selfdelator	who	avail	-PRON-	of	the	edict	of	grace	,	-PRON-	have	once	be	pardon	an	avowed	heresy	,	but	if	-PRON-	have	once	abjure	a	heresy	of	which	-PRON-	have	be	suspect	either	vehemently	or	violently	.		
under	-PRON-	-PRON-	give	a	general	confirmation	of	what	have	already	be	extract	from	the	other	.		
succour	-PRON-	none	dare	,	by	virtue	of	the	decree	of	the	grand	inquisitor	;	but	on	every	hand	-PRON-	be	exhort	to	accept	baptism	and	thus	set	a	term	upon	-PRON-	tribulation	.		
[	80	]	llorente	say	of	-PRON-	:	the	result	accredit	the	election	.		
but	eymeric	go	no	further	than	to	say	that	these	name	should	be	suppress	where	a	possibility	of	danger	to	the	delator	lie	in	-PRON-	be	divulge	.		
presume	upon	-PRON-	high	position	,	and	also	upon	the	great	esteem	in	which	-PRON-	be	hold	by	-PRON-	king	,	caballeria	show	the	inquisition	an	intrepid	countenance	.		
a	word	must	here	be	say	on	the	score	of	abjuration	.		
-PRON-	have	collect	the	various	element	of	the	peninsula	into	one	mighty	kingdom	,	which	-PRON-	have	subject	to	-PRON-	sceptre	.		
rather	be	torquemada	’s	object	to	remove	all	fear	that	may	trammel	delator	and	stifle	delation	.		
but	in	such	case	the	inquisitor	should	proceed	with	    	great	care	in	-PRON-	examination	of	the	witness	,	closely	    	crossquestion	-PRON-	,	gather	information	on	the	score	of	    	-PRON-	character	,	and	ascertain	whether	there	exist	motif	    	why	-PRON-	should	depone	out	of	hatred	or	illwill	towards	the	    	prisoner	.		
that	letter	contain	the	follow	description	:	at	this	time	there	appear	a	man	who	be	still	live	and	who	be	gifted	with	great	power	.		
the	energy	and	intelligence	inherent	in	man	of	-PRON-	race	be	serve	-PRON-	now	,	as	-PRON-	have	serve	-PRON-	before	,	to	-PRON-	undoing	.		
but	after	-PRON-	have	be	deliver	from	this	by	the	saracen	invader	,	to	whom	by	race	and	cre	-PRON-	be	fairly	sympathetic	,	-PRON-	enjoyedalike	under	moslem	and	christian	rulea	season	of	prosperity	in	spain	,	which	endure	until	the	close	of	the	thirteenth	century	.		
consider	articles	iv	,	v	,	and	vii	,	concern	the	assumption	of	clean	linen	on	saturdays	and	the	stripping	of	fat	from	beef	and	mutton	,	which	nowise	offend	against	the	christian	faith	,	and	may	well	be	the	perpetuation	of	custom	acquire	before	baptism	be	receive	.		
accord	to	the	statement	of	yucé	and	of	juan	franco	,	-PRON-	be	the	latter	’s	brother	who	open	the	vein	in	the	boy	’s	arm	,	whereas	ocaña	say	that	this	be	do	by	yucé	.		
many	other	matter	receive	attention	;	amongst	-PRON-	the	necessity	for	remedy	the	evil	arise	out	of	the	commerce	between	christians	and	jews	be	seriously	consider	.		
xx	.		
husée	,	prince	of	the	jews	of	constantinople	.	"	       	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	the	matter	of	these	lettersso	very	obviously	forgedwa	freely	circulate	.		
as	a	matter	of	fact	,	bernaldez	,	the	only	available	authority	who	mention	susan	’s	end	,	tell	-PRON-	specifically	that	-PRON-	die	a	christian	.		
from	limborch	’s	historia	inquisitionis	.	"	]	at	first	glance	this	statement	appear	untrue	.		
meanwhile	,	however	,	and	by	-PRON-	own	act	,	-PRON-	enemy	at	home	have	find	two	powerful	mediator	with	the	pope	,	two	powerful	advocate	to	plead	-PRON-	because	before	the	apostolic	court	.		
ii	.		
after	some	day	thus	employ	in	prepare	the	prisoner	for	death	,	the	inquisitor	should	advise	the	secular	justice	of	the	day	and	hour	and	place	when	and	where	-PRON-	would	abandon	to	-PRON-	a	heretic	.		
to	lessen	this	risk	as	far	as	possible	,	don	diego	direct	at	first	a	southerly	and	then	a	westerly	course	;	and	so	,	take	a	line	midway	between	the	island	of	tobago	and	grenada	,	-PRON-	win	safely	through	the	dangerzone	and	come	into	the	comparative	security	of	the	caribbean	sea	.		
but	-PRON-	must	be	contrive	,	nevertheless	.		
while	-PRON-	waste	-PRON-	time	here	,	the	hour	be	pass	!		
-PRON-	have	succeed	so	well	in	-PRON-	intention	that	-PRON-	have	arouse	no	suspicion	until	-PRON-	salute	the	fort	at	short	range	with	a	broadside	of	twenty	gun	.		
meanwhile	ogle	be	grow	impatient	.		
and	in	that	case	where	be	the	genius	that	would	have	turn	the	table	on	these	rascally	spaniards	?	"	why	speak	of	-PRON-	now	?	"	mr.		
thoughtfully	-PRON-	rub	-PRON-	chin	.		
the	comedy	be	end	.		
the	three	vessel	to	which	-PRON-	confine	-PRON-	be	the	arabella	,	the	la	foudre	,	which	cahusac	now	command	with	a	contingent	of	some	sixscore	frenchmen	,	and	the	santiago	,	which	have	be	refit	and	rechristen	the	elizabeth	,	after	that	queen	of	england	whose	seaman	have	humble	spain	as	captain	blood	now	hop	to	humble	-PRON-	again	.		
but	what	of	-PRON-	?	"	cahusac	,	with	the	pearl	clutch	in	-PRON-	capacious	hand	,	step	up	to	-PRON-	on	the	other	side	.		
-PRON-	lordship	be	past	amazement	.		
-PRON-	raise	-PRON-	voice	in	answering	.		
and	in	all	this	time	not	a	single	shot	have	the	spaniards	contrive	to	fire	,	so	completely	have	-PRON-	be	take	by	surprise	,	and	so	swift	and	paralyzing	have	be	blood	's	stroke	.		
there	be	warformally	warbetween	france	and	spain	in	europe	.		
-PRON-	have	a	good	opinion	of	-PRON-	.	"	on	the	contrary	.		
-PRON-	brief	separation	have	be	mighty	profitable	,	"	be	captain	blood	's	greeting	.		
a	man	must	sometimes	laugh	at	-PRON-	or	go	mad	,	"	say	-PRON-	.		
then	,	in	an	even	quieter	voice	than	before	,	miss	bishop	ask	:	who	kill	-PRON-	?	"	pitt	answer	readily	.		
-PRON-	be	a	busy	morning	-PRON-	have	both	have	.	"	-PRON-	be	in	high	goodhumour	as	-PRON-	lead	the	way	to	the	great	cabin	for	a	rendering	of	account	.		
-PRON-	be	,	-PRON-	declare	afterwards	,	one	of	the	bitter	moment	in	-PRON-	career	.		
-PRON-	conceive	the	scorn	with	which	-PRON-	would	come	to	hear	of	-PRON-	have	turn	pirate	,	and	the	scorn	,	though	as	yet	no	more	than	imagine	,	hurt	-PRON-	as	if	-PRON-	be	already	a	reality	.		
do	-PRON-	say	the	girl	be	present	,	too	?	"	yes	.		
wolverstone	laugh	again	,	whereat	-PRON-	lordship	flush	.		
-PRON-	be	-PRON-	only	chance	,	-PRON-	have	say	,	and	-PRON-	must	take	-PRON-	.	"	the	good	way	that	be	in	captain	blood	's	mind	be	the	way	that	already	-PRON-	have	propose	to	wolverstone	.		
-PRON-	inconsiderate	brother	may	have	ruin	that	romantic	scene	but	for	the	watchful	cahusac	,	who	quietly	trip	-PRON-	up	,	and	then	truss	-PRON-	like	a	fowl	.		
miss	bishop	sit	bemuse	,	-PRON-	brow	knit	,	-PRON-	brood	glance	seem	to	study	the	fine	spanish	point	that	edge	the	tablecloth	.		
m.	d'ogeron	have	not	trouble	to	restrain	-PRON-	highpitched	voice	,	and	the	captain	have	overhear	the	frenchman	's	last	two	sentence	.		
mr.		
-PRON-	curse	all	thing	that	daggl	petticoat	,	and	,	know	-PRON-	world	,	wait	for	the	sickness	to	pass	.		
ye	do	not	know	colonel	bishop	,	that	be	clear	.		
quickly	,	but	eloquently	,	blood	express	-PRON-	thank	,	where	-PRON-	know	that	no	thank	be	due	.		
then	by	god	!	"	-PRON-	roar	.		
and	what	would	governor	steed	do	,	then	?	"	ye're	not	the	only	doctor	on	the	island	.	"	mr.		
well	,	wellas	-PRON-	say	beforepraemonitus	,	praemunitus	.		
-PRON-	fall	in	with	old	don	miguel	,	and	when	-PRON-	would	scuttle	-PRON-	-PRON-	take	aboard	a	london	pimp	send	out	by	the	secretary	of	state	to	offer	the	captain	the	king	's	commission	if	so	be	him'd	quit	piracy	and	be	o	'	good	behaviour	.		
in	an	unsteady	hand	-PRON-	write	that	summon	to	-PRON-	officer	.		
but	what	be	-PRON-	,	in	reality	,	will	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	?		
-PRON-	mouth	fall	open	.		
then	let	-PRON-	arm	fall	helplessly	to	-PRON-	side	in	dejection	,	-PRON-	depart	.		
nay	,	sir	,	that	be	an	evasion	.		
don	miguel	swear	profanely	,	and	then	,	as	the	helm	be	put	over	to	swing	-PRON-	back	to	-PRON-	course	,	-PRON-	own	prow	reply	.		
-PRON-	doff	-PRON-	hat	and	stand	aside	to	give	-PRON-	passage	.		
the	doctor	be	keep	in	constant	attendance	upon	-PRON-	until	long	after	midnight	,	when	at	last	-PRON-	be	able	to	ease	the	sufferer	a	little	by	a	bleeding	.		
but	the	next	man	,	a	middleag	colossus	name	wolverstone	,	who	have	lose	an	eye	at	sedgemoor	,	draw	-PRON-	regard	,	and	the	haggling	be	recommence	.		
-PRON-	would	ruin	-PRON-	.		
sure	,	-PRON-	walk	into	a	trap	,	as	ye	fear	,	jeremy	,	"	blood	hail	-PRON-	.		
peter	watch	-PRON-	departure	.		
and	then	-PRON-	understand	.		
true	that	at	last	,	after	long	time	,	-PRON-	catch	the	deputygovernor	;	true	,	-PRON-	make	-PRON-	pay	big	ransom	for	gibraltar	;	true	between	that	ransom	and	the	loot	-PRON-	return	here	with	some	two	thousand	piece	of	eight	.		
another	in	-PRON-	place	....	"	faith	,	now	,	do	not	-PRON-	know	what	another	would	have	say	?		
of	hagthorpe	,	yberville	,	and	wolverstone	who	stand	range	behind	-PRON-	captain	,	-PRON-	take	no	heed	whatev	.		
levasseur	dash	one	hand	against	the	other	,	as	if	dust	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	make	a	little	impatient	movement	with	-PRON-	hand	,	and	look	away	from	-PRON-	a	moment	,	out	to	sea	.		
-PRON-	be	sorry	-PRON-	should	have	be	seek	....	"	aye	,	and	-PRON-	will	be	sorry	yet	.		
-PRON-	turn	again	to	face	miss	bishop	.		
now	-PRON-	come	to	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	note	the	sheen	of	-PRON-	redbrown	hair	,	and	how	gracefully	one	of	-PRON-	heavy	ringlet	coil	upon	-PRON-	slender	,	milkwhite	neck	.		
that	be	yet	to	be	prove	in	action	,	"	say	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	have	no	doubt	at	all	the	spanish	admiral	will	welcome	the	abatement	of	-PRON-	number	even	at	this	late	date	.		
and	-PRON-	will	be	wish	ye	both	a	very	good	day	.	"	-PRON-	sweep	off	-PRON-	feather	hat	,	and	make	-PRON-	a	leg	very	elegantly	.		
then	-PRON-	finger	the	muscle	of	the	young	man	's	arm	,	and	bade	-PRON-	open	-PRON-	mouth	that	-PRON-	may	see	-PRON-	tooth	.		
remember	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	go	off	at	the	double	,	despite	-PRON-	bulk	and	the	heat	,	-PRON-	negro	trot	after	-PRON-	.		
as	-PRON-	lie	awake	,	idly	watch	the	rippled	green	water	that	appear	to	be	stream	past	the	heavily	glaze	porthole	,	-PRON-	become	gradually	aware	of	the	sound	of	swift	,	laboured	bustlethe	clatter	of	many	foot	,	the	shout	of	hoarse	voice	,	and	the	persistent	trundling	of	heavy	body	in	the	wardroom	immediately	below	the	deck	of	the	cabin	.		
as	-PRON-	advance	,	bishop	turn	to	regard	-PRON-	,	scowl	.		
-PRON-	voice	sink	again	.		
over	-PRON-	shoulder	captain	blood	observe	-PRON-	approach	.		
nuttall	pass	on	,	upon	the	understanding	that	-PRON-	would	go	.		
-PRON-	eye	take	in	the	situation	at	a	glance	,	as	captain	blood	rise	to	greet	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	can	not	think	that	-PRON-	would	make	the	least	difference	if	-PRON-	do	,	"	say	-PRON-	lordship	gravely	.		
that	offer	-PRON-	reject	,	as	-PRON-	lordship	will	tell	-PRON-	,	deem	-PRON-	affront	by	-PRON-	.		
lord	julian	span	round	,	to	face	-PRON-	,	and	clap	a	hand	to	-PRON-	sword	.		
truss	-PRON-	,	wrist	and	heel	,	but	do	not	hurt	himnot	so	much	as	a	hair	of	-PRON-	precious	head	.	"	the	injunction	be	very	necessary	.		
-PRON-	beakhead	be	in	splinter	,	and	a	shot	have	smash	through	into	the	great	cabin	,	reduce	-PRON-	to	wreckage	.		
-PRON-	misunderstand	,	"	-PRON-	say	,	swallow	-PRON-	rage	.		
the	supreme	council	of	castile	may	anon	condemn	-PRON-	for	-PRON-	practice	.		
-PRON-	know	-PRON-	duty	to	-PRON-	king	,	and	-PRON-	intend	to	perform	-PRON-	.		
and	there	be	occasion	for	-PRON-	.		
but	-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	there	.		
one	of	the	spaniards	have	flee	from	the	combat	,	and	if	the	pride	of	devon	have	not	give	chase	-PRON-	be	probably	because	-PRON-	be	by	then	in	no	case	to	do	so	.		
thus	,	almost	silently	without	challenge	or	exchange	of	signal	,	have	action	be	mutually	determined	.		
-PRON-	step	forward	swing	-PRON-	light	bamboo	cane	.		
-PRON-	be	close	upon	a	month	since	last	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	.	"	twentyone	day	to	the	hour	,	"	say	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	marvel	that	-PRON-	do	not	pistol	-PRON-	without	more	ado	,	ye	fat	blackguard	.		
