when	-PRON-	father	find	fault	because	-PRON-	would	not	have	old	people	round	-PRON-	,	as	do	livia	,	-PRON-	parry	the	paternal	reproof	by	the	neat	rejoinder"they	will	be	old	as	soon	as	-PRON-	be	.		
as	-PRON-	carefully	study	every	word	,	-PRON-	have	hear	with	-PRON-	ear	the	fury	,	the	rage	,	the	roar	of	the	wind	;	-PRON-	have	hear	the	trembling	of	the	mountain	and	the	din	.		
-PRON-	mean	that	-PRON-	tear	have	often	sting	-PRON-	conscience	but	not	change	-PRON-	will	.		
-PRON-	deplore	,	if	-PRON-	may	yet	again	make	use	of	a	phrase	of	horace	,	that	-PRON-	must	live	"	only	from	day	to	day	.		
the	general	of	great	army	depend	on	those	whom	-PRON-	seem	to	command	,	and	,	keep	in	check	by	-PRON-	armed	legion	,	-PRON-	find	the	very	soldier	who	render	-PRON-	invincible	also	render	-PRON-	in	turn	helpless	.		
ludicrous	anxiety	and	tragic	neglect	,	to	worry	and	trouble	-PRON-	about	a	time	at	which	-PRON-	may	never	arrive	and	in	which	-PRON-	assuredly	will	not	have	long	to	stay	,	and	yet	to	be	quite	oblivious	of	that	end	at	which	-PRON-	can	not	help	arrive	,	and	of	which	there	be	no	remedy	when	-PRON-	once	have	reach	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	be	a	false	boast	of	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	have	hold	-PRON-	back	from	base	thing	;	from	some	perhaps	-PRON-	may	,	but	only	to	plunge	-PRON-	into	evil	worse	still	.		
moreover	,	while	other	passion	attack	-PRON-	only	in	bout	,	which	,	though	frequent	,	be	but	short	and	for	a	moment	,	this	one	usually	have	invest	-PRON-	so	closely	that	-PRON-	cling	to	and	tortures	-PRON-	for	whole	day	and	night	together	.		
but	-PRON-	conscience	be	witness	,	and	know	what	have	be	-PRON-	desire	,	that	never	have	-PRON-	cease	to	love	with	burn	zeal	the	thing	eternal	.		
tell	-PRON-	briefly	what	be	the	remedy	-PRON-	must	use	?		
2	,	623	.		
augustine	.	-PRON-	be	like	people	who	on	the	slight	offence	rake	up	all	the	old	ground	of	quarrel	-PRON-	ever	have	.		
s.		
-PRON-	seek	too	eagerly	the	praise	of	man	,	and	to	leave	behind	-PRON-	an	undying	name	.		
-PRON-	will	tell	-PRON-	that	-PRON-	have	never	long	for	spiritual	health	as	-PRON-	ought	,	but	that	,	consider	what	great	danger	beset	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	wish	be	but	feeble	and	ineffective	.		
"	[	48	]	and	cicero	have	not	scruple	to	affirm	that	"	-PRON-	be	the	mistress	;	of	human	affair	.		
yes	,	-PRON-	will	freely	admit	that	-PRON-	be	not	dispose	for	a	moment	to	reject	such	example	,	which	be	,	for	-PRON-	,	part	of	the	luggage	-PRON-	carry	daily	in	-PRON-	mind	;	for	-PRON-	be	a	pleasure	to	-PRON-	not	only	in	such	misfortune	as	nature	or	chance	have	already	allot	-PRON-	,	but	also	in	those	which	-PRON-	may	still	have	in	store	;	-PRON-	be	a	pleasure	,	-PRON-	say	,	to	have	ever	at	hand	such	matter	of	comfort	and	consolation	as	-PRON-	can	obtain	only	from	some	truly	cogent	reason	or	outstanding	example	.		
s.		
if	-PRON-	will	steadily	observe	human	nature	,	-PRON-	will	discover	that	in	a	general	way	-PRON-	be	content	with	very	little	,	and	,	in	-PRON-	case	particularly	,	there	be	hardly	a	man	who	need	less	for	-PRON-	satisfaction	,	unless	-PRON-	have	be	blind	by	prejudice	.		
s.		
to	scrape	through	life	on	water	and	dry	bread	    	that	-PRON-	may	have	a	fortune	when	-PRON-	be	dead	?		
as	-PRON-	wish	.		
all	the	world	owe	this	to	-PRON-	,	but	especially	such	a	man	as	-PRON-	,	who	have	so	great	a	public	to	justify	,	and	one	which	be	always	talk	of	-PRON-	.		
petrarch	.	what	kind	of	note	?		
s.		
augustine	.	-PRON-	shall	be	yours	if	-PRON-	wish	.		
do	-PRON-	put	no	difference	between	thing	so	entirely	oppose	?		
but	such	be	-PRON-	execrable	habitto	care	for	what	be	temporal	,	and	be	careless	for	all	that	be	eternal	.		
s.		
"	[	3	]	this	be	the	saying	,	mark	-PRON-	,	of	one	who	know	quite	well	that	-PRON-	be	the	prince	of	latin	oratory	,	and	have	already	show	that	-PRON-	be	not	afraid	to	challenge	greece	for	the	palm	of	literary	glory	.		
for	the	rest	,	there	be	no	one	in	-PRON-	sens	who	do	not	see	death	one	way	or	another	,	and	in	reality	cicero	's	word	prospicere	mean	to	see	from	afar	.		
-PRON-	make	no	such	demand	on	-PRON-	as	that	.		
-PRON-	care	as	much	for	what	the	crowd	think	of	-PRON-	as	-PRON-	care	what	-PRON-	be	think	of	by	the	beast	of	the	field	.		
s.		
all	this	destroy	the	soul	accustom	to	any	good	kind	of	life	,	banish	all	serenity	from	a	generous	heart	,	and	quite	upset	the	student	's	habit	of	mind	.		
nothing	,	or	almost	nothing	.		
what	but	this	be	in	-PRON-	heart	when	,	unmoved	by	-PRON-	entreaty	,	unyield	to	-PRON-	caress	,	-PRON-	safeguard	-PRON-	woman	's	honour	,	and	in	spite	of	-PRON-	youth	and	mine	,	in	spite	of	a	thousand	circumstance	that	would	have	bend	a	heart	of	adamant	,	-PRON-	stand	-PRON-	ground	,	resolute	and	unsubdued	?		
augustine	.	by	all	mean	say	on	.		
but	think	like	a	man	and	with	-PRON-	wit	about	-PRON-	;	for	fear	lest	while	-PRON-	be	in	the	act	of	fly	-PRON-	be	cunningly	entangle	,	as	not	a	few	have	be	when	beauty	's	fascinating	charm	steal	upon	-PRON-	by	some	little	,	unlookedfor	channel	,	and	then	be	feed	and	strengthen	by	evil	remedy	.		
what	-PRON-	say	be	-PRON-	must	make	-PRON-	ready	.		
-PRON-	saidor	if	,	perchance	,	-PRON-	be	mistaken	,	-PRON-	intend	to	saythat	-PRON-	wish	be	to	use	mortal	thing	for	what	-PRON-	be	worth	,	to	do	no	violence	to	nature	by	bring	to	-PRON-	good	thing	a	limitless	and	immoderate	desire	,	and	so	to	follow	after	human	fame	as	know	that	both	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	will	perish	.		
-PRON-	understand	and	agree	with	-PRON-	and	will	act	on	-PRON-	advice	.		
and	do	-PRON-	suppose	what	have	befall	so	many	other	may	not	befall	-PRON-	?		
petrarch	.	unless	-PRON-	be	deceive	,	there	be	no	man	alive	who	be	more	often	revolve	this	thought	in	-PRON-	heart	than	i.		
but	if	-PRON-	would	only	make	note	of	the	chief	point	in	what	-PRON-	read	-PRON-	would	then	gather	the	fruit	of	-PRON-	reading	.		
s.		
think	,	moreover	,	what	task	on	all	side	be	claim	-PRON-	attention	,	and	by	which	-PRON-	may	do	far	more	good	and	deserve	far	more	honour	:	how	many	thing	-PRON-	have	on	hand	,	as	yet	uncompleted	,	to	which	-PRON-	would	be	far	good	for	-PRON-	to	return	,	and	devote	more	time	,	instead	of	attempt	-PRON-	so	perfunctorily	as	-PRON-	have	en	do	lately	.		
the	man	who	have	one	year	of	life	possess	something	certain	though	short	;	whereas	-PRON-	who	have	no	such	promise	and	lie	under	the	power	of	death	(	whose	stroke	may	fall	at	any	moment	)	,	which	be	the	common	lot	of	all	menthis	man	,	-PRON-	say	,	be	not	sure	of	a	year	,	a	day	;	no	,	not	even	of	one	hour	.		
augustine	.	vex	not	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	pray	-PRON-	,	when	-PRON-	ought	rather	to	rejoice	.		
then	listen	.		
-PRON-	discern	very	clearly	the	fourfold	passion	of	-PRON-	nature	,	which	,	first	of	all	,	-PRON-	divide	in	two	as	-PRON-	have	respect	to	past	and	future	,	and	then	subdivide	again	in	respect	of	good	and	evil	.		
-PRON-	be	surely	not	so	forgetful	of	-PRON-	nor	so	featherbrain	as	to	let	-PRON-	trouble	about	care	of	that	sort	.		
s.		
s.		
when	-PRON-	bid	-PRON-	think	on	-PRON-	own	whitening	forehead	,	do	-PRON-	quote	-PRON-	a	crowd	of	famous	man	whose	lock	be	white	also	?		
petrarch	.	of	what	use	be	desire	,	then	?		
ever	since	-PRON-	grow	tired	of	-PRON-	leafy	tree	,	of	-PRON-	simple	way	of	life	,	and	society	of	country	people	,	egg	on	by	cupidity	,	-PRON-	have	plunge	once	more	into	the	midst	of	the	tumultuous	life	of	city	.		
so	,	if	-PRON-	ask	one	of	this	set	of	man	for	a	definition	of	a	man	or	of	anything	else	,	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	answer	quite	pat	,	as	the	saying	go	;	if	-PRON-	press	-PRON-	further	,	-PRON-	will	lie	low	,	or	if	by	sheer	practice	in	argue	-PRON-	have	acquire	a	certain	boldness	and	power	of	speech	,	the	very	tone	of	the	man	will	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	possess	no	real	knowledge	of	the	thing	-PRON-	set	out	to	define	.		
for	how	often	and	often	,	long	to	get	well	,	and	familiar	with	advice	like	this	,	have	-PRON-	try	this	remedy	of	flight	;	and	though	-PRON-	have	feign	various	other	reason	for	-PRON-	,	yet	the	end	and	aim	of	all	-PRON-	peregrination	and	all	-PRON-	retirement	to	the	country	be	this	one	thingto	become	free	!		
augustine	.	other	people	,	-PRON-	fancy	,	may	say	the	same	of	-PRON-	;	for	true	-PRON-	be	that	in	all	the	passion	,	and	most	of	all	in	this	,	every	man	interpret	-PRON-	own	case	favourably	,	and	there	be	point	in	the	verse	though	from	a	common	poet	    	"	to	every	man	-PRON-	lady	,	       	then	one	to	-PRON-	assign	;	     	to	every	man	-PRON-	love	affair	,	       	and	so	let	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	!		
but	this	-PRON-	do	with	such	indifference	that	-PRON-	be	plain	enough	-PRON-	only	descend	to	such	necessity	because	-PRON-	be	so	oblige	.		
petrarch	.	no	,	but	of	cupidity	,	and	-PRON-	do	not	believe	there	be	a	man	in	the	world	more	free	of	this	fault	than	-PRON-	.		
yet	-PRON-	know	not	where	to	begin	,	so	many	complication	alarm	-PRON-	.		
why	and	wherefore	,	-PRON-	ask	,	this	perpetual	toil	,	these	ceaseless	vigil	,	and	this	intense	application	to	study	?		
petrarch	.	-PRON-	have	already	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	be	waste	-PRON-	time	.		
[	28	]	æneid	,	ii	.		
and	,	moreover	,	what	boot	-PRON-	that	other	shall	approve	what	-PRON-	have	say	if	in	the	court	of	-PRON-	own	conscience	-PRON-	stand	condemn	?		
augustine	.	nor	do	-PRON-	wonder	,	for	-PRON-	have	endure	-PRON-	burden	long	enough	.		
-PRON-	own	remembrance	tell	mo	that	-PRON-	have	never	love	anything	to	be	ashamed	of	,	and	,	on	the	contrary	,	have	ever	love	what	be	most	noble	.		
[	4	]	s.		
-PRON-	be	of	the	latter	that	seneca	be	think	when	-PRON-	write	that	maxim	.		
-PRON-	admit	,	therefore	,	that	the	argument	be	just	and	the	chain	of	reasoning	valid	,	when	-PRON-	say	that	a	perfect	knowledge	of	one	's	misery	will	beget	a	perfect	desire	to	be	rid	of	-PRON-	,	if	only	the	power	to	be	rid	may	follow	the	desire	.		
s.		
petrarch	.	-PRON-	be	sorry	if	-PRON-	have	in	any	way	express	-PRON-	arrogantly	,	but	if	the	spirit	be	the	true	rule	of	one	's	deed	and	word	,	then	-PRON-	own	bear	-PRON-	witness	that	-PRON-	intend	nothing	in	that	sense	.		
but	-PRON-	loathe	and	abominate	profoundly	everything	that	conceal	from	-PRON-	the	truth	that	old	age	be	the	port	of	departure	from	this	life	,	and	blind	-PRON-	to	the	need	of	reflect	on	death	.		
s.		
augustine	.	-PRON-	matter	little	from	whom	-PRON-	learn	the	truth	,	though	-PRON-	be	a	fact	that	the	authority	of	a	great	master	will	often	have	a	profound	influence	.		
be	-PRON-	not	?		
s.		
petrarch	.	unless	-PRON-	be	deceive	by	act	as	judge	in	-PRON-	own	because	,	what	-PRON-	say	be	so	true	that	-PRON-	be	often	inclined	to	fear	-PRON-	be	too	want	in	what	be	due	both	to	-PRON-	sex	and	this	age	;	wherein	,	as	-PRON-	doubtless	observe	,	everything	go	to	the	shameless	.		
-PRON-	have	observe	that	no	man	more	than	-PRON-	abhor	the	manner	and	behaviour	of	the	common	herd	.		
75	.		
a	public	spectacle	like	this	strike	the	attention	and	touch	the	heart	of	mortal	man	;	and	what	then	-PRON-	see	in	the	case	of	another	be	bring	home	as	pertain	also	to	-PRON-	.		
o	tree	,	with	early	green	of	springtime	hour	,	     	and	all	spring	's	pale	and	tender	violet	!		
xv	     	voi	ch'ascoltate	in	rime	sparse	il	suono	     	di	quei	sospiri	ond'io	nudriva	il	core	     	in	sul	mio	primo	giovenile	errore	,	     	quand	'	era	in	parte	altr'uom	da	quel	ch'i	'	sono	;	     	del	vario	stile	,	in	ch'io	piango	e	ragiono	     	fra	le	vane	speranze	e	'	l	van	dolore	,	     	ove	sia	chi	per	prova	intenda	amore	,	     	spero	trovar	pietà	,	non	che	perdono	.		
così	mi	vivo	,	e	così	avvolge	e	spiega	     	lo	stame	della	vita	che	m'è	datum	,	     	questa	sola	fra	noi	del	ciel	sirena	.		
o	fierce	desire	!		
vi	     	-PRON-	once	beheld	on	earth	celestial	grace	     	and	heavenly	beauty	scarce	to	mortal	know	,	     	whose	memory	yield	nor	joy	nor	grief	alone	,	     	but	all	thing	else	in	cloud	and	dream	efface	.		
in	-PRON-	later	sonnet	,	laura	grow	more	distinctly	individual	to	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	trait	show	-PRON-	as	more	characteristic	,	-PRON-	temperament	more	intelligible	,	-PRON-	precise	influence	upon	petrarch	clear	.		
but	now	-PRON-	see	full	well	how	long	-PRON-	earn	     	all	man	's	reproof	;	and	oftentimes	-PRON-	soul	     	lie	crush	by	-PRON-	own	grief	;	and	-PRON-	doth	seem	     	for	such	misdeed	shame	be	the	fruitage	whole	,	     	and	wild	repentance	and	the	knowledge	learn	     	that	worldly	joy	be	still	a	short	,	short	dream	.		
and	-PRON-	,	content	with	-PRON-	newfound	bliss	,	     	rank	with	the	perfect	in	that	upper	sphere	,	     	yet	ever	and	anon	look	back	on	this	,	     	to	watch	for	-PRON-	,	as	if	for	-PRON-	-PRON-	stay	.		
the	very	light	of	heaven	hath	lose	-PRON-	power	     	mid	fade	way	-PRON-	lofty	dream	to	find	;	     	men	jeer	at	-PRON-	whose	footstep	be	inclined	     	where	helicon	from	dewy	fountain	shower	.		
few	be	the	heart	that	prize	the	poet	's	line	:	     	yet	,	friend	,	the	more	-PRON-	hail	thy	spirit	glad	!		
"	time	be	the	chariot	of	all	age	to	carry	man	away	,	and	beauty	can	not	bribe	this	charioteer	.	"		
v	     	o	wander	step	!		
in	the	sonnet	(	gli	angeli	eletti	)	vision	multiply	upon	vision	.		
so	change	the	sonnet	after	laura	's	death	,	grow	shadowy	as	-PRON-	recede	,	until	the	very	last	(	gli	occhi	di	ch'io	parlai	)	seem	to	merge	-PRON-	in	the	blue	distance	.		
what	delicate	accuracy	of	delineation	be	see	,	for	instance	,	in	the	sonnet	(	dolci	durezze	)	!		
who	can	wonder	that	woman	prize	beauty	,	and	be	intoxicate	by	-PRON-	own	fascination	,	when	these	fragile	gift	be	yet	strong	enough	to	outlast	all	the	memory	of	statesmanship	and	war	?		
who	strive	with	nature	's	law	be	overbold	,	     	and	time	to	-PRON-	commandment	bid	-PRON-	bow	.		
but	the	infinite	beauty	that	all	eye	doth	fill	,	     	this	none	can	learn	!		
be	there	no	reward	to	be	imagine	for	a	delightful	book	that	can	match	browning	's	fantastic	burial	of	a	tedious	one	?		
come	s'acquista	onor	,	come	dio	s'ama	,	     	com'è	giunta	onestà	con	leggiadria	,	     	ivi	s'impara	,	e	qual	è	dritta	via	     	di	gir	al	ciel	,	che	lei	aspetta	e	brama	.		
this	be	to	laura	singing	(	quando	amor	)	.		
iv	     	qual	donna	attende	a	gloriosa	fama	     	di	senno	,	di	valor	,	di	cortesia	,	     	miri	fiso	negli	occhi	a	quella	mia	     	nemica	,	che	mia	donna	il	mondo	chiama	.		
this	be	one	of	the	last	(	dicemi	spesso	)	.		
iv	     	doth	any	maiden	seek	the	glorious	fame	     	of	chastity	,	of	strength	,	of	courtesy	?		
aer	felice	,	col	bel	vivo	raggio	     	rimanti	.		
and	while	-PRON-	think	,	-PRON-	swift	existence	fly	,	     	and	none	can	live	again	earth	's	brief	career	,	     	then	in	-PRON-	deep	heart	the	voice	reply	     	of	one	who	now	have	leave	this	mortal	sphere	,	     	but	walk	alone	through	earthly	destiny	,	     	and	of	all	woman	be	to	fame	most	dear	.		
yet	may	not	all	thy	woe	be	name	with	mine	,	     	since	-PRON-	whom	thou	dost	mourn	may	live	,	yet	live	,	     	but	death	and	heaven	still	hold	-PRON-	spirit	's	bride	;	     	and	all	those	long	past	day	of	sad	decline	     	with	all	the	joy	remember	year	can	give	     	still	bid	-PRON-	ask	"	sweet	bird	!		
and	as	the	variable	and	uncertain	air	come	freight	with	cloverscent	from	yonder	field	,	so	float	through	these	long	century	a	breath	of	fragrance	,	the	memory	of	laura	.		
subito	allor	,	com'acqua	il	foco	ammorza	,	     	d'un	lungo	e	grave	sonno	mi	risveglio	:	     	e	veggio	ben	che	'	l	nostro	viver	vola	,	     	e	ch'esser	non	si	può	più	d'una	volta	;	     	e	'	n	mezzo	'	l	cor	mi	sona	una	parola	     	di	lei	ch'è	or	dal	suo	bel	nodo	sciolta	,	     	ma	ne	'	suoi	giorni	al	mondo	fu	sì	sola	,	     	ch'a	tutte	,	s'i	'	non	erro	,	fama	ha	tolta	.		
'	mid	which	-PRON-	pensive	queen	-PRON-	footstep	set	;	     	o	plain	,	that	hold'st	-PRON-	word	for	amulet	     	and	keep'st	-PRON-	footstep	in	thy	leafy	bower	!		
with	the	world	thus	young	,	beauty	eternal	,	fancy	free	,	why	should	these	delicious	italian	page	exist	but	to	be	torture	into	grammatical	example	?		
these	sonnet	be	in	petrarch	's	early	manner	;	but	the	death	of	laura	bring	a	change	.		
yonder	fly	a	kingfisher	,	and	pause	,	flutter	like	a	butterfly	in	the	air	,	then	dive	toward	a	fish	,	and	,	fail	,	perch	on	the	projecting	wall	.		
"	and	yet	-PRON-	live	!	"		
look	at	yonder	schooner	come	down	the	bay	straight	toward	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	be	haul	close	to	the	wind	,	-PRON-	jib	be	white	in	the	sunlight	,	-PRON-	large	sail	be	touch	with	the	same	snowy	lustre	,	and	all	the	swell	canvas	be	round	into	such	line	of	beauty	as	scarcely	anything	else	in	the	worldhardly	even	the	perfect	outline	of	the	human	formcan	give	.		
qual	di	mirto	?		
gaze	in	the	eye	of	that	sweet	enemy	     	whom	all	the	world	doth	as	-PRON-	lady	name	!		
l'alma	d'ogni	suo	ben	spogliata	e	priva	,	     	amor	della	sua	luce	ignudo	e	casso	     	devrian	della	pietà	romper	un	sasso	:	     	ma	non	è	chi	lor	duol	riconti	o	scriva	;	     	ché	piangon	dentro	,	ov'ogni	orecchia	è	sorda	,	     	se	non	la	mia	,	cui	tanta	doglia	ingombra	,	     	ch'altro	che	sospirar	,	nulla	m'avanza	.		
-PRON-	be	the	sublimity	of	a	despair	not	to	be	relieve	by	utterance	.		
o	soul	of	love	and	passion	!		
such	and	so	indescribable	be	the	atmospheric	film	that	hang	over	these	poem	of	petrarch	's	;	there	be	a	delicate	haze	about	the	word	,	that	vanish	when	-PRON-	touch	-PRON-	,	and	reappear	as	-PRON-	recede	.		
xiii	     	vago	augelletto	che	cantando	vai	,	     	ovver	piangendo	il	tuo	tempo	passato	,	     	vedendoti	la	notte	e	'	l	verno	a	lato	,	     	e	'	l	dì	dopo	le	spalle	e	i	mesi	gai	;	     	se	come	i	tuoi	gravosi	affanni	sai	,	     	così	sapessi	il	mio	simile	stato	,	     	verresti	in	grembo	a	questo	sconsolato	     	a	partir	seco	i	dolorosi	guai	.		
qual	vaghezza	di	lauro	?		
per	man	mi	prese	e	disse	:	in	questa	spera	     	sarai	ancor	meco	,	se	'	l	desir	non	erra	;	     	-PRON-	'	son	colei	che	ti	die	'	tanta	guerra	,	     	e	compie	'	mia	giornata	innanzi	sera	.		
an	impression	which	have	endure	so	long	be	ineffaceable	;	-PRON-	be	an	earthly	immortality	.		
vii	     	those	eye	,	'	neath	which	-PRON-	passionate	rapture	rise	,	     	the	arm	,	hand	,	foot	,	the	beauty	that	erewhile	     	could	-PRON-	own	soul	from	-PRON-	own	self	beguile	,	     	and	in	a	separate	world	of	dream	enclose	,	     	the	hair	's	bright	tress	,	full	of	golden	glow	,	     	and	the	soft	lightning	of	the	angelic	smile	     	that	change	this	earth	to	some	celestial	isle	,	     	be	now	but	dust	,	poor	dust	,	that	nothing	know	.		
whose	lovely	garland	seem	     	the	sole	reward	that	glory	's	deed	require	!		
-PRON-	     	o	joyous	,	blossom	,	everblessed	flower	!		
and	thus	-PRON-	live	:	and	thus	be	loose	and	wind	     	the	thread	of	life	which	unto	-PRON-	be	give	     	by	this	sole	siren	who	with	-PRON-	doth	dwell	.		
'	mid	those	who	in	the	lofty	heaven	be	     	-PRON-	look	on	-PRON-	,	less	haughty	and	more	fair	.		
-PRON-	can	think	of	no	other	passage	in	literature	that	have	in	-PRON-	the	same	wide	space	of	emotion	.		
sonnets	     	-PRON-	     	lieti	fiori	e	felici	,	e	ben	nate	erbe	,	     	che	madonna	,	pensando	,	premer	sole	;	     	piaggia	ch'ascolti	sue	dolci	parole	,	     	e	del	bel	piede	alcun	vestigio	serbe	;	     	schietti	arboscelli	,	e	verdi	frondi	acerbe	;	     	amorosette	e	pallide	viole	;	     	ombrose	selve	,	ove	percote	il	sole	,	     	che	vi	fa	co	'	suoi	raggi	alte	e	superbe	;	     	o	soave	contrada	,	o	puro	fiume	,	     	che	bagni	'	l	suo	bel	viso	e	gli	occhi	chiari	,	     	e	prendi	qualità	dal	vivo	lume	;	     	quanto	v'invidio	gli	atti	onesti	e	cari	!		
how	-PRON-	cling	,	for	instance	,	round	this	sonnet	(	aura	che	quelle	chiome	)	!		
ii	     	quando	amor	i	begli	occhi	a	terra	inchina	     	e	i	vaghi	spirti	in	un	sospiro	accoglie	     	con	le	sue	mani	,	e	poi	in	voce	gli	scioglie	     	chiara	,	soave	,	angelica	,	divina	;	     	sento	far	del	mio	cor	dolce	rapina	,	     	e	sì	dentro	cangiar	pensieri	e	voglie	,	     	ch'i	'	dico	:	or	fien	di	-PRON-	l'ultime	spoglie	,	     	se	'	l	ciel	sì	onesta	morte	mi	destina	.		
who	the	myrtle	twin	?		
a	companion	sonnet	,	on	the	other	hand	(	o	passi	sparsi	)	,	seem	rather	to	be	of	the	shakespearean	type	;	the	successive	phrase	set	sail	,	one	by	one	,	like	a	yacht	squadron	;	each	spread	-PRON-	graceful	wing	and	glide	away	.		
there	be	no	rock	so	senseless	but	-PRON-	deem	     	-PRON-	burn	with	passion	that	to	-PRON-	be	near	.		
next	to	the	immortality	of	genius	be	that	which	genius	may	confer	upon	the	object	of	-PRON-	love	.		
l'infinita	bellezza	,	ch'altrui	abbaglia	,	     	non	vi	s'impara	;	ché	quei	dolci	lumi	     	s'acquistan	per	ventura	e	non	per	arte	.		
let	-PRON-	try	the	axe	again	.		
-PRON-	say	among	-PRON-	;	"	for	none	have	see	     	within	this	age	arrive	so	fair	a	mien	     	from	change	earth	unto	immortal	rest	.	"		
how	true	be	-PRON-	conclude	line	!		
before	this	continent	be	discover	,	before	english	literature	exist	,	when	chaucer	be	a	child	these	word	be	write	.		
would	that	one	could	transfer	into	english	the	delicious	way	in	which	the	sweet	italian	rhyme	recur	and	surround	and	seem	to	embrace	each	other	,	and	be	weave	and	unwoven	and	interweave	,	like	the	heavenly	host	that	gather	around	laura	.		
o	limpid	stream	,	     	that	mirrorest	-PRON-	sweet	face	,	-PRON-	eye	so	clear	,	     	and	of	-PRON-	live	light	canst	catch	the	beam	!		
-PRON-	be	hard	to	handle	this	white	canvas	without	soil	.		
a	vessel	sail	by	with	plash	and	roar	,	and	all	the	white	spray	along	-PRON-	side	be	sparkle	with	sunlight	.		
xi	     	the	holy	angel	and	the	spirit	blest	,	     	celestial	band	,	upon	that	day	serene	     	when	first	-PRON-	love	go	by	in	heavenly	sheen	,	     	come	throng	,	wonder	at	the	gracious	guest	.		
o	passion	strong	!		
ch'al	suon	de	'	detti	sì	pietosi	e	casti	     	poco	mancò	ch'io	non	rimasi	in	cielo	.		
in	a	later	strain	(	levommi	il	mio	pensier	)	-PRON-	rise	to	that	dream	which	be	more	than	earth	's	reality	.		
ma	'	l	suon	,	che	di	dolcezza	i	sensi	lega	,	     	col	gran	desir	d'udendo	esser	beata	,	     	l'anima	,	al	dipartir	presta	,	raffrena	.		
-PRON-	take	-PRON-	hand	,	-PRON-	say	,	"	within	this	sphere	,	     	if	hope	deceive	not	,	thou	shalt	dwell	with	-PRON-	:	     	-PRON-	fill	thy	life	with	war	's	wild	agony	;	     	-PRON-	own	day	close	ere	evening	could	appear	.		
macgregor	,	in	the	only	version	of	this	sonnet	which	-PRON-	have	see	,	abandon	all	attempt	at	rhyme	;	but	to	follow	the	strict	order	of	the	original	in	this	respect	be	a	part	of	the	pleasant	problem	which	one	can	not	bear	to	forgo	.		
ella	contenta	aver	cangiato	albergo	,	     	si	paragona	pur	coi	più	perfetti	;	     	e	parte	ad	or	ad	or	si	volge	a	tergo	     	mirando	s'io	la	seguo	,	e	par	ch'aspetti	:	     	ond'io	voglie	e	pensi	tutti	al	ciel	ergo	;	     	perch'io	l'odo	pregar	pur	ch'i	'	m'affretti	.		
o	changeless	memory	!		
with	-PRON-	abide	!	"		
o	pleasant	countryside	!		
how	honor	grow	,	and	pure	devotion	's	flame	,	     	how	truth	be	join	with	graceful	dignity	,	     	there	thou	mayst	learn	,	and	what	the	path	may	be	     	to	that	high	heaven	which	doth	-PRON-	spirit	claim	;	     	there	learn	that	speech	,	beyond	all	poet	's	skill	,	     	and	sacred	silence	,	and	those	holy	way	     	unutterable	,	untold	by	human	heart	.		
che	luce	è	questa	,	e	qual	nova	beltate	?		
xiv	     	la	gola	e	'	l	sonno	e	l'oziose	piume	     	hanno	del	mondo	ogni	vertù	sbandita	,	     	ond'è	dal	corso	suo	quasi	smarrita	     	nostra	natura	,	vinta	dal	costume	;	     	ed	è	sì	spento	ogni	benigno	lume	     	del	ciel	,	per	cui	s'informa	umana	vita	,	     	che	per	cosa	mirabile	s'addita	     	chi	vuol	far	d'elicona	nascer	fiume	.		
viii	     	-PRON-	rule	in	beauty	o'er	this	heart	of	mine	,	     	a	noble	lady	in	a	humble	home	,	     	and	now	-PRON-	time	for	heavenly	bliss	have	come	,	     	'	tis	-PRON-	be	mortal	prove	,	and	-PRON-	divine	.		
these	dove	,	in	take	flight	,	do	not	rise	from	the	ground	at	once	,	but	,	edge	-PRON-	closer	to	the	brink	,	with	a	caution	almost	ludicrous	in	such	airy	thing	,	thrust	-PRON-	upon	the	breeze	with	a	shy	little	hop	,	and	at	the	next	moment	be	securely	on	the	wing	.		
1	:	fam	.	,	i.	,	3	,	4	.		
only	the	latter	be	speak	of	,	and	that	at	great	length	,	in	-PRON-	imaginary	confession	to	st.	augustine	(	see	below	,	p.	93	sqq	.	)	.		
(	to	charles	iv	.	,	emperor	august	...	)	11	:	give	below	,	pp	.		
.		
-PRON-	have	hear	that	-PRON-	old	man	of	ravenna,[4	]	who	be	by	no	mean	a	bad	judge	in	such	matter	,	be	accustom	,	whenever	the	conversation	turn	on	these	matter	,	to	assign	-PRON-	the	third	place	.		
-PRON-	be	enough	to	have	excel	in	one	kind	of	composition	.		
every	day	-PRON-	try	either	to	make	some	progress	in	the	more	important	writing	which	-PRON-	have	in	hand	or	to	finish	outright	some	one	little	thing	.		
one	peak	of	the	mountain	,	the	high	of	all	,	the	country	people	call	"	sonny	,	"	why	,	-PRON-	do	not	know	,	unless	by	antiphrasis	,	as	-PRON-	have	sometimes	suspect	in	other	instance	;	for	the	peak	in	question	would	seem	to	be	the	father	of	all	the	surround	one	.		
-PRON-	determine	to	communicate	the	discovery	to	-PRON-	;	not	that	there	be	room	any	longer	for	correction	,	the	poem	be	well	know	by	this	time	and	scatter	far	and	wide	,	but	that	-PRON-	may	upbraid	-PRON-	for	have	leave	-PRON-	to	another	to	point	out	this	slip	of	-PRON-	;	or	,	if	-PRON-	have	chance	to	escape	-PRON-	own	notice	so	far	,	that	-PRON-	may	learn	of	-PRON-	now	,	and	at	the	same	time	may	be	lead	to	reflect	on	the	fact	that	-PRON-	mortal	,	all	of	-PRON-	,	not	-PRON-	alone	,	who	with	all	-PRON-	zeal	and	industry	be	handicap	by	insufficiency	of	talent	and	literary	training	,	but	all	other	man	as	well	,	however	great	-PRON-	learning	and	-PRON-	ability	,	be	so	limited	in	-PRON-	power	that	all	-PRON-	invention	have	some	element	of	incompleteness	,	perfection	be	the	prerogative	of	-PRON-	alone	from	whom	proceed	the	little	that	-PRON-	know	and	be	able	to	do	.		
-PRON-	be	now	-PRON-	purpose	to	wait	here	until	the	heat	too	shall	abate	somewhat	,	and	until	-PRON-	regain	-PRON-	vigour	by	a	little	rest	.		
for	-PRON-	be	an	old	and	muchused	device	,	to	drape	one	's	own	lying	invention	with	the	veil	of	religion	and	sanctity	,	in	order	to	give	the	appearance	of	divine	sanction	to	human	fraud	.		
well	then	,	to	return	to	the	matter	in	hand	,	since	amid	the	tempest	of	life	-PRON-	have	never	for	long	cast	anchor	in	any	one	port	,	-PRON-	have	naturally	make	innumerable	acquaintance	.		
as	-PRON-	and	everyone	who	read	this	know	,	-PRON-	be	-PRON-	and	not	-PRON-	who	must	render	account	for	what	be	essentially	yours	.		
that	one	nation	,	or	indeed	that	all	nation	,	as	-PRON-	perceive	,	should	have	desire	to	withdraw	-PRON-	from	that	easy	and	most	just	of	all	yoke	,	the	yoke	of	rome	,	need	not	surprise	nor	anger	-PRON-	,	since	there	be	in	the	soul	of	all	mortal	an	innate	love	of	liberty	.		
-PRON-	belong	to	the	class	of	whom	quintilian	speak	in	-PRON-	institutes	of	oratory	,	whom	one	find	wonderfully	warm	in	disputation	,	but	once	get	-PRON-	away	from	-PRON-	cavilling	,	-PRON-	be	as	helpless	,	in	a	serious	juncture	,	as	certain	small	animal	which	be	active	enough	in	a	narrow	space	,	but	be	easily	capture	in	a	field	.		
"	[	72	]	this	may	very	well	be	somewhat	exaggerated	,	but	the	coronation	be	certainly	a	solemn	attestation	of	a	new	interest	in	culture	,	although	as	-PRON-	have	see	by	no	mean	a	spontaneous	tribute	,	unsought	by	the	poet	.		
[	13	]	about	this	time	,	a	youthful	desire	impel	-PRON-	to	visit	france	and	germany	.		
have	courage	,	-PRON-	beseech	-PRON-	,	above	all	in	a	matter	where	-PRON-	petition	be	honourable	,	and	silence	shameful	and	unbecoming	.		
let	-PRON-	see	what	be	the	solution	which	the	"	first	modern	"	accept	in	the	heyday	of	-PRON-	life	and	success	.		
but	before	-PRON-	trace	-PRON-	various	pilgrimage	,	a	word	must	be	say	of	the	curious	city	in	which	-PRON-	and	several	of	-PRON-	most	intimate	friend	spend	much	of	-PRON-	life	.		
88	:	fam	.	,	xvi	.	,	12	(	vol	.		
up	,	then	;	surmount	the	pass	!		
whether	-PRON-	really	believe	such	aspiration	to	be	utterly	incompatible	with	christian	humility	,	be	difficult	to	decide	.		
peace	,	the	natural	enemy	of	the	usurper	,	be	thoroughly	banish	from	italy	,	and	a	perpetual	state	of	war	prevail	.		
-PRON-	early	hope	be	bury	with	-PRON-	friend	.		
-PRON-	seem	to	take	delight	in	explore	new	region	,	where	the	path	be	unknown	to	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	be	sure	to	go	astray	once	in	a	while	or	fall	into	a	pit	.		
-PRON-	only	fear	that	this	signal	exhibition	of	humility	be	not	altogether	free	from	some	admixture	of	haughtiness	.		
[	9	]	during	-PRON-	residence	in	venice	and	padua	petrarch	come	into	close	contact	with	the	averroists	,	and	be	lead	more	than	once	,	in	-PRON-	irritation	at	-PRON-	unbelief	,	to	attack	-PRON-	violently	.		
in	the	three	follow	respect	-PRON-	have	comply	with	-PRON-	injunction	.		
rienzo	under	the	protection	of	the	muses	.	to	francesco	nelli.[1	]	what	do	-PRON-	expect	-PRON-	to	tell	-PRON-	now?someth	more	of	the	episode	in	-PRON-	last	letter	,	which	may	equally	well	have	bring	indignant	tear	to	-PRON-	eye	or	make	-PRON-	laugh	?		
-PRON-	devotion	to	livy	come	,	in	part	,	from	a	different	source	,	from	a	singular	sort	of	patriotism	.		
-PRON-	be	cicero	alone	whom	-PRON-	be	discuss	now	;	and	-PRON-	be	not	forget	that	-PRON-	as	consul	be	vigilant	and	patriotic	,	and	cure	the	disease	from	which	the	republic	be	suffer	;	nor	that	as	a	private	citizen	-PRON-	always	love	-PRON-	country	faithfully	.		
as	petrarch	be	accustom	to	revise	-PRON-	work	over	and	over	again	,	-PRON-	be	probable	that	several	year	elapse	after	the	plan	be	once	conceive	before	the	little	book	receive	the	finish	touch	.		
happy	and	most	enviable	naples	,	the	august	home	of	literature	!		
so	with	-PRON-	the	praise	of	the	dead	entail	an	affront	to	the	living	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	a	good	deal	have	be	write	about	petrarch	's	famous	ascent	of	mount	ventoux	.		
but	humour	,	pure	and	simple	,	of	the	high	type	,	the	humour	that	be	a	deep	and	essential	part	of	a	man	's	nature	,	and	that	consequently	be	allembrac	and	everpresent	,	-PRON-	lack	.		
-PRON-	know	not	whether	-PRON-	be	aware	of	one	thing	,	or	,	if	so	,	whether	-PRON-	have	give	-PRON-	any	thought	.		
let	.		
-PRON-	want	-PRON-	to	know	-PRON-	,	in	case	-PRON-	should	ever	have	to	grapple	with	a	similar	task	.		
the	historical	importance	and	multiform	interest	of	-PRON-	correspondence	have	already	be	dwell	upon	.		
on	leave	rome	,	-PRON-	go	to	parma	,	and	spend	some	time	with	the	member	of	the	house	of	correggio	,	who	,	while	-PRON-	be	most	kind	and	generous	towards	-PRON-	,	agree	but	ill	among	-PRON-	.		
all	-PRON-	critic	,	however	,	be	not	like	-PRON-	,	for	-PRON-	do	not	all	think	the	same	,	nor	do	-PRON-	all	love	-PRON-	as	-PRON-	do	.		
pastor	,	geschichte	der	päpste	,	vol	.		
for	this	fact	-PRON-	have	many	authority	,	among	-PRON-	jerome	,	who	be	a	diligent	student	of	those	region	and	live	there	for	a	long	time	.		
these	consideration	account	for	the	title	which	-PRON-	have	select	.		
but	-PRON-	can	not	pronounce	upon	this	case	at	present	,	nor	until	the	messenger	of	the	deceased	present	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	in	person	.		
the	story	return	whence	-PRON-	come	;	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	judge	,	-PRON-	home	,	and	the	way	thither	.		
but	lest	-PRON-	should	exhaust	-PRON-	interest	by	delay	,	or	seem	to	endeavour	to	give	add	weight	to	a	matter	that	by	-PRON-	very	nature	be	of	supreme	importance	,	-PRON-	will	omit	any	introduction	and	come	at	once	to	the	point	.		
these	and	similar	reflection	occur	to	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	father	.		
however	thoroughly	convince	-PRON-	may	have	become	in	later	life	of	the	vanity	of	such	a	distinction	,	petrarch	appear	to	have	be	willing	as	a	young	man	to	resort	even	to	somewhat	undignified	,	if	not	actually	dishonest	,	expedient	to	accomplish	-PRON-	end	.		
57	:	see	-PRON-	enthusiastic	letter	to	giacomo	colonna	,	who	have	invite	-PRON-	to	undertake	the	journey	.	fam	.	,	ii	.	,	9	.		
this	strange	of	all	italian	ambassador	must	have	reach	prague	when	charles	be	fresh	from	a	perusal	of	petrarch	's	first	summon	to	-PRON-	,	which	be	give	below	.		
-PRON-	seem	to	have	reach	the	very	summit	of	-PRON-	fond	hope	and	to	be	metamorphose	by	-PRON-	joy	.		
the	tendency	toward	paganism	which	the	enthusiastic	and	exclusive	study	of	the	ancient	classic	produce	among	the	italian	humanists	of	the	fifteenth	century	be	so	well	known	that	-PRON-	be	natural	to	ask	what	be	the	attitude	of	the	founder	of	humanism	toward	the	generally	accept	religious	belief	of	-PRON-	day	.		
write	,	fracassetti	believe	,	about	1366	.		
but	allegory	be	the	very	warp	and	woof	of	all	poetry	.		
-PRON-	should	much	prefer	to	see	sign	of	exaggerated	apprehension	on	-PRON-	part	(	omnia	tuta	timen	,	as	virgil	say	)	than	any	suggestion	of	wan	affection	.		
consequently	a	new	division	of	the	correspondence	be	form	,	the	important	epistolæ	de	rebus	senilibus	,	letters	of	old	age	,	which	be	write	during	the	last	twelve	year	of	the	poet	's	life	.		
-PRON-	frequently	reason	about	-PRON-	with	characteristic	selfconsciousness	,	and	the	reader	will	note	many	allusion	to	the	subject	throughout	the	present	collection	.		
-PRON-	have	be	suggest	that	francesco	invent	the	latter	as	more	rhythmical	,	or	adopt	-PRON-	on	account	of	some	hidden	symbolic	meaning	,	as	four	century	later	young	arouet	mysteriously	choose	to	call	-PRON-	voltaire	.		
concivem	doctumque	satis	pariterque	poetam	    	suscipe	,	junge	tuis	,	lauda	,	cole	,	perlege	.		
-PRON-	may	also	,	-PRON-	hop	,	wander	among	the	tomb	of	the	saint	,	and	gaze	upon	the	spot	that	have	be	hallowed	by	the	presence	of	the	apostles	.		
-PRON-	be	more	indulgent	to	these	,	and	allow	-PRON-	to	live	,	not	so	much	on	account	of	-PRON-	worthiness	as	of	-PRON-	convenience	,	for	-PRON-	do	not	involve	any	additional	labour	of	-PRON-	own	.		
in	the	one	case	-PRON-	be	god	and	thing	pertain	to	-PRON-	that	be	treat	,	in	the	other	mere	god	and	mortal	man	.		
-PRON-	be	of	-PRON-	alone	,	though	,	that	-PRON-	would	speak	now	.		
any	other	view	would	indeed	be	out	of	harmony	with	the	habit	of	an	italian	lover	of	the	fourteenth	century	.		
lat	.	,	ii	.	,	1	.		
at	the	rumour	of	a	letter	from	-PRON-	the	whole	populace	gather	.		
not	content	with	lose	the	word	of	the	ancient	,	-PRON-	must	attack	-PRON-	genius	and	-PRON-	ash	.		
between	-PRON-	goading	and	-PRON-	own	madness	-PRON-	shall	doubtless	gratify	-PRON-	wish	.		
take	,	for	example	,	the	opinion	,	which	-PRON-	call	in	st.	augustine	to	defend	,	that	-PRON-	endeavour	,	as	well	as	-PRON-	desire	,	be	often	at	variance	with	one	another	.	-PRON-	should	like	,	however	,	if	-PRON-	will	permit	-PRON-	,	to	express	-PRON-	own	view	upon	this	matter	before	come	to	augustine	's	.		
love	be	everything	,	precedence	next	to	nothing	,	among	friend	.		
in	-PRON-	pergamum	there	live	a	certain	man	,	who	,	while	-PRON-	have	but	a	slight	knowledge	of	literature	,	possess	a	good	mind	,	have	-PRON-	earlier	apply	-PRON-	to	study	.		
and	this	return	be	largely	petrarch	's	work	.		
these	logician	seek	to	cover	-PRON-	teaching	with	the	splendour	of	aristotle	's	name	;	-PRON-	claim	that	aristotle	be	will	not	to	argue	in	the	same	way	.		
the	version	here	give	be	base	upon	that	of	rhoades	.		
689	sqq	.		
at	the	least	,	the	pursuit	of	-PRON-	seem	to	-PRON-	in	no	way	ignoble	;	-PRON-	be	,	as	petrarch	say	,	a	"	splendid	preoccupation	.	"		
how	could	-PRON-	have	do	otherwise	?		
-PRON-	must	have	feel	much	the	same	upon	enter	the	town	as	do	apuleius	when	-PRON-	wander	about	hypata	in	thessaly	.		
if	-PRON-	will	but	consult	-PRON-	memory	,	-PRON-	will	scarcely	find	a	firstrate	commander	,	philosopher	,	or	poet	,	who	do	not	reach	the	top	through	the	aid	of	just	such	stimulus	.		
and	-PRON-	have	a	bow	,	and	have	flow	hair	,	in	order	that	-PRON-	may	smite	-PRON-	and	charm	-PRON-	.		
