These two ladies set up their homestead near to Swift’s vicarage; he goes to see them; they come to see him.		
We hear around it the tramp of armies and the blare of trumpets; yet these do not drown the sick voice of poor distraught Ophelia.		
In the course of the talk we may well believe that King James nodded approval of anything that would flatter his kingly vanities, and shook his big unkempt head at what would make call for a loosening of his pursestrings.		
Those who knew him described him as of middling stature, strong set, roundish face, cherrycheeked, hazeleyed, brownhaired.”[75] There are dainty poems of his, which should be read, and which are worth remembering.		
Some of these Boyle meditations were on the drollest of topicsas, for instance, Upon the Sight of a Windmill Standing Still,” and again, Upon the Paring of a rare Summer Apple.” Swift had no great appetite for such parings;” but Lady Berkeley being insatiate, he slips a meditation of his own, in manuscript, between the leaves of the great folio of the Hon.		
The talk in his comedies, by its pliancy, grace, neat turns, swiftness of repartee, compares with the talk in most comedies as goldsmith’s work compares with the heavy forgings of a blacksmith.		
The truth is, Mrs. Vanhomrigh[113] has a daughteryoung, clever, romantic, not without personal charms, who is captivated by the intellect of Mr.		
But O, she dances such a way!		
A show is kept up of his schoolkeeping, but with doubtful success; for in 1647 we learn that he left his great house in Barbican, and betook himself to a smaller in High Holborn, among those that open back into Lincoln’s Inn Fields;” but there is no poemmaking of importance (save one or two wondrous Sonnets) now, or again, until he is virtually an old man.		
Sir Rich^d Saltonstall, Knt., Lord Mayor of London, and 2 others, Commissioners of her Majesty (fortieth yr of Queen Elizabeth), and the parties deputed to collect the first of these subsidies granted by Parliament the yr preceding(bearing date Oct. 1598), for the rate of S^t Helen’s Parish, Bishopsgate wardthe name of Wm.		
The coupling together of this pair of authors at their work has the air of romance; both were well born; Fletcher, son of a bishop; Beaumont, son of Sir Francis Beaumont, of GraceDieu (not far away from AshbydelaZouch); both were university men, and though differing in age by eight or nine years, yet comingvery likely through the good offices of Ben Jonsonto that sharing of home and work and wardrobe which the old gossip Aubrey[30] has delighted in picturing.		
May,       Hamnet, twin with            Judith, bapt.		
His tastes led him more to banquets at Exeter House.		
The character of Sir Roger will live foreverso graciousso courteousso dignifiedso gentle: his servants love him, and his dogs, and his white gelding.		
So home and to     prayers and to bed.” Another day, having been to court, he says:     The Queene, a very little plain old woman, and nothing more in any     respect than any ordinary woman.		
Anne, strangely enough, marrieddying shortly after; Mary died years later, a spinster; and Deborah, who became Mrs. Clark, had some notice, thirty years later, when it was discovered that a quiet woman of that name was Milton’s daughter.		
Swift began with being a Whig, to which side his slapdash wilfulness, his fellowship with Temple, and his scorn of tradition drew him; but he ended with veering over to the Tory ranks, where his hate of Presbyterianism and his eager thrusts at canting radicals gave him credit and vogue.		
So starched was he in his HighChurch views that the Pope had offered him the hat of a cardinal.		
When there was some purpose to effectsome wrong to lashsome puppet to knock downsome towhead to set on firesome public drowsiness to wakehe rushed into print with a vengeance.		
I know that his latest biographer and advocate, Mr. Saintsbury, whose work you will be very apt to encounter in the little series edited by John Morley, sees poems like those I have cited with other eyes, and fashions out of them an agreeable poetic consistency very honorable to Dryden; but I cannot twist myself so as to view the matter in his way.		
There is a charming life of him by Izaak Walton.		
No news to tell you: went to dine with     Mrs. Vanhomrigh, a neighbor.		
Not long after these things were abrewing, Sir William Temple died (1699), bequeathing his papers to his secretary.		
Edmund Waller, b.		
Rimbault’s Life, 1856; also Strahan’s Biographical Dictionary, 1784.		
Wrapt soft and warm your name is sent on high,     As flames do on the waves of incense fly:     Music herself is lost, in vain she brings     Her choicest notes to praise the best of kings;     Her melting strains in you a tomb have found,     And lie like bees in their own sweetness drown’d.” No wonder that he came ultimately to have the place of Poetlaureate, and thereafter an extra £100 a year with it!		
[35] He was a man who had supplemented his university training by long residence abroad; who had been of service to King James (before the King had yet left Scotland) by divulging to him and defeating some purposed scheme of poisoning.		
He went to Cambridge for study at a time when he may have encountered there the grim boystudent, Oliver Cromwell, or possibly that other fairfaced Cambridge student, John Milton, who was upon the rolls eight years later.		
What is he to do there?		
At Laracor, the little Irish parish which he came by shortly after, he had a glebe and a horse, and became in a way domesticated there, so far as such a man could be domesticated anywhere.		
Addison came to the help of Steele in the Tatler, and Steele, afterward joined forces with Addison in the Spectator.		
[43] Herrick is not an example of this; but Herbert is; so is Overbury with his Wife;” so is Vaughan; so is Browne.		
And herein lies the difference between this man Shakespeare, and most that went before him, or who have succeeded him; he has supplied real characters to count up among the characters we know.		
Then the palace doors opened for that good,” and certainly weak, Queen Anne, whose name is so intimately associated with what is called the Augustan age” of English letters, and whose personal characteristics have already been subjects of mention.		
In the days when the Armada was crushed, when British ships and British navigators brought every year tales of gold, tales of marvellous new shores, when princes of the proudest courts came flocking to pay suit to England’s great Virgin Queen, what poet should not sing at his loudest and his bravest?		
I had my battledore in my hand, and fell a beating the     coffin, and calling ‘Papa.’… My mother catched me in her arms, and     almost smothered me in her embraces, and told me, in a flood of     tears, ‘Papa could not hear me, and would play with me no more.’” This is on page 364 of the Tatler, and on page 365 he says: A large train of disasters were coming into my memory, when my servant knocked at my closet door, and interrupted me with a letter, attended with a hamper of wine, of the same sort with that which is to be put to sale on Thursday next, at Garraway’s coffeehouse.” And he sends for three of his friendswhich was so like him!		
London smoke was a torture to him; but when he went only so little distance away (twenty miles northward) as the country home of his friends Sir Francis and Lady Masham, a delightful calm came to him.		
1647; d. 1680.		
[14] Susanna, the eldest, baptized 1583; Hamnet and Judith (twins), baptized 1585.		
[55] The former of these (Cowley) was the son of a London grocer, whose shop was not far from the home of Izaak Walton; he was taught at Westminster School, and at Cambridge, and blazed up precociously at the age of fifteen in shining verses.		
Waller has come to a casual literary importance in these days under the deft talking and writing of those dilettante critics who would make this author the pivot (as it were) on which British poesy swung away from the hysterical riot of the Jacobeans” into measured and orderly classic cadence.		
He was a man of Devonshire birth, of good family;a little overboastful of being above any want for money;” showing traces, indeed, of coarse arrogance, and swaying dramatically into coarse brutalities.		
Yet Locke, although a man of the keenest and rarest intellectwhich almost etherialized his lookswas possessed of a wonderful deal of what he would have called hard, roundabout sense;” indeed it would be quite possible to fill a whole calendar with bits of his printed talk that would be as pitpat and commonsensical as anything in Poor Richard’s Almanac.		
Here, too, he wrote that monument of toleration, The Liberty of Prophesying, a work which would be counted broad in its teachings even now, and which alienated a great many of his more starched fellows in the Church.		
Independents, Presbyterians, Church of England men, and Papists were all by the ears; and it did seem to many among the shrewdest of even the Puritan workers that some balancewheel (of whatever metal), though weighted with royal traditions and hereditary privileges, might keep the governmental machinery to the steady working of old days.		
Captain Sentry showed great     kindnesses to the old housedog my master was so fond of.		
[30] Aubrey, who died in 1697, and who is often cited, was an antiquarynot always to be relied uponan Oxford man, friend of Thomas Hobbes, was heir to sundry country estates, which, through defective titles, involved him in suits, that brought him to grief.		
This Princess Anne (afterward Queen Anne) was married to a prince of Denmark, only notable for doing nothing excellently well; and was mother of a young lad, called Duke of Gloucester, whom all England looked upon as their future king.		
CHAPTER VI.		
Mr. Pepys (whose memoirs you have heard of, and of whom we shall have more to tell) says that he bought the book one day in the Strand because everybody was talking of itwhich is the only reason a good many people have for buying books; and, he continuesthat having dipped into it, without finding much benefit, he sold it next day in the Strand for halfprice.		
He was a man, I think, who would have infinitely scorned and revolted at many of the apologies that have been made for him.		
Then, again, English vice is more outspoken and less secretive than that of the overChannel neighbors.		
This Pepys stands a good chance to outlive Butler, and to outlive Burnet, and to outlive Clarendon, and to outlive John Evelyn.		
1565 (?		
A Mr. Danvers, kinsman of Herbert’s stepfather, thought all the world of the poet, and declared his utter willingness that Herbert should marry any one of his nine daughters [for he had so many], but rather Jane, because Jane was his beloved daughter.” And to such good effect did the father talk to Jane, that she, as old Walton significantly tells us, was in love with the poet before yet she had seen him.		
[56] Indeed his aptitude, his ingenuities, his scholarship, kept him in the first rank of men of letters all through his day, and gave him burial between Spenser and Chaucer in Westminster Abbey.		
Milton, however, makes lucky escape, with only a short term of prison; but for some time thereafter he was in fear of assassination.		
She changed her will before her death, cutting off Swift, who was sole legatee, and leaving onehalf to Bishop Berkeley; through whom, strangely enough, Yale College may be said to inherit a part of poor Vanessa’s fortune.		
She came, you know, to be called the Good Queen Anne;” and we must try and get a better glimpse of her before we push on with our literary story.		
The year after, which finds them in Bunhill Row again, brings that great London fire which the Monument now commemorates; they passing three days and nights upon the edge of that huge tempest of flame and smoke which devoured nearly twothirds of London; the old poet hearing the din and roar and crackle, and feeling upon his forehead the waves of fierce heat and the showers of cindersa scene and an experience which might have given, perhaps, other color to his pictures of Pandemonium, if his great poem had not been just now, in these fateful years, completedcompleted and bargained for; £20 were to be paid for it conditionally,[68] in four payments of £5 each, at a day when London had been decimated by the plague, and half the city was a waste of ruin and ashes.		
Buckingham was therethat second Villiers,[70] of whom I had somewhat to say when the elder Buckingham came up for mention in the days of Charles I.; this younger Villiers running before the elder in all accomplishments and all villainies; courtly; of noble bearing; with daintiest of speeches; a pattern of manly graces; capable of a tender French song, with all his tones in exultant accord with best of court singers, and of a comedy that drew all the playgoers of London to the Rehearsal;” capable too, of the wickedest of plots and of the foulest of lies.		
In a previous chapter I spoke of the fatherly edicts against Biblereading and Bibleowning in the time of Henry VIII.		
’Twas said that her ambition and high spirit pushed the poor Elector into political complications that ruined him, and that made the once owner of that princely château an outcast, and almost a beggar.		
John Davies b. in Wiltshire about 1570, and d. 1626.		
In 1640, only one year after Jeremy Taylor was established in his pleasant Rutland rectory, Archbishop Laud went to the Tower, not to come forth till he should go to the scaffold; and in the Civil War, breaking out presently, Jeremy Taylor joined the Royalists, was made chaplain to the King, saw battle and siege and wounds; but in the top of the strife he is known by his silvery voice and his exuberant piety, and by the rare eloquence which colors prayer and sermon with the bloody tinge of war and the pure light of heaven.		
A Pamphleteer. A writer, however, of that time, of about the same age with Congreve, whom King William did favor, and did take at one period into his confidence,and one of whose books, at least, you all have liked at some epoch of your life, and thought quite wonderful and charmingI must tell you more about.		
His habits were to study of a morningdine at a tavern; then to Button’s coffeehouse, near to Covent Garden, for a meet with his cronies; and afterwardwhen the spectre of marriage was real to himto the tavern again, and to heavier draughts than he was wont to take in his young days.		
Even the peasants thereabout stayed the plough and listened reverently (another Angelus!)		
I give a sample from his Ballad upon a Wedding,” though it may be overwell known:     Her cheeks so rare a white was on     No daisy makes comparison         (Who sees them is undone):     For streaks of red were mingled there     Such as are on a Catharine pear,         The side that’s next the sun.		
Therefore and thereby it is that he has fused his thought into such shape as takes hold on human sympathies everywhere, and his characters are all live creatures.		
), with William of Orange, and so gave to England that royal couple, William and Mary.		
It may interest our special parish to know further that the first American (English) Bible was printed at Philadelphia, by a Scotchman named Aitkin, in the year 1782; but the first Bible printed in America was in the German language, issued by Christopher Sauer, at Germantown, in 1743.		
He is unsafe; he will kick over the traces; he will take the bit in his mouth; he will be his own man and not our man.		
[17] It is enough that he wrote them; the merry ones when his heart was light, and the tragic ones when grief lay heavily upon him.		
There was foreign travel, also, in which he accomplished himself in continental languages and socialities; he had offers of diplomatic preferment, but his doubtful health (always making him what overwell people call a fussy man) forbade acceptance; else we might have had in him another Sir William Temple.		
After some brief stay with his mother in Leicestershire, he goes, at her instance, and in recognition of certain remote kinship with the family of Sir William Temple, to seek that diplomat’s patronage.		
Editions of the Pilgrim’s Progress are innumerable.		
With skill her eyes dart every glance,       Yet change so soon, you’d ne’er suspect ’em,     For she’d persuade they wound by chance,       Tho’ certain aim and art direct them.” They are very pretty; yet are you not sure that our wheezing, phlegmatic, businessloving, Dutch King William would have sniffed contemptuously at the reading of any such verselets?		
If his use of it be only to     understand some books writ in it without a critical knowledge of the     tongue itself, reading alone will attain his end, without charging     his mind with the multiplied rules and intricacies of grammar.”…     If there may be any reasons against children’s making Latin themes     at school, I have much more to say and of more weight against their     making versesverses of any sort.		
King Charles and his Friends. We open this morning upon times when NewEngland towns were being planted among the pinewoods, and the decorous, courtly, unfortunate Charles I. had newly come to the throne.		
I cannot stay to characterize his great poem; nor is there need; immortal in more senses than one; humanity counts for little in it; one pair of human creatures only, and these looked at, as it were, through the big end of the telescope; with gigantic, Godlike figures around one, or colossal demons prone on fiery floods.		
I do not suppose you have read much that he wrote except one book; that, I know you have read; and this bustling, bouncing, inconsistent, indefatigable, unsuccessful, earnest scold of a man was named Daniel Defoe;[98] and the book you have read is Robinson Crusoeloved by all boys better than any other book; and loved by all girls, I think, better than any other bookthat has no love in it.		
Next we hear of him as preachernot properly sanctioned even by the nonconforming authoritiesbut opening that intense religious talk of his upon whatever and whomsoever would come to hear.		
The papers are interesting, furthermore, as showing how a cleverish man, with considerable gifts of presence and of brain, with his reactionary Toryism dominant, and made a fetich of, can still keep a good digestion and go in a respectable fashion through a long lifebackwards, instead of face to the front.” In this connection it is difficult to keep out of mind that other Toryish administrator of the Quarterly bombardments of reform and of LiberalistsI mean Lockhart (to whom reference has already been made in the present volume), and who, with all of Croker’s personal gifts, added to these a still larger scorn than that of his elder associate in the Quarterly conclaves, for those whose social disabilities disqualified them for breathing the rarefied air which circulated about Albemarle Street and the courts of Mr. Murray.		
He was brisk, débonnaire, cheerya famous talker; not given to anecdotes or storytelling, but bubbling over with engaging booklore and poetic hypotheses, and eager to put them into those beautiful shapes of language which cameas easily as water flowsto his pen or to his tongue.		
We never forget his strenuous, highcolored personality, and the seething of his prejudiceswhether his talk is of Napoleon (in which he is not reverent of average British opinion), or of Sir Joshua Reynolds, or of Burke’s brilliant oratorical apostrophes.		
And yet, somehow, the memory of Byron does not seem to me to mate well with either home or church quietudes, and their serenities.		
But at last the ruin came; on a sudden the sheriffs were there; and clerks with their inventories in place of the Tokens” and annuals”with their gorgeous engravings by Finden & Heathwhich the Mistress had exploited; and she hurried offafter the elegant D’Orsayto Paris, hoping to rehabilitate herself, on the Champs Elysées, under the wing of Louis Napoleon, just elected President.		
John Keats. Yet another singer of these days, in most earnest sympathy with the singing moods of Shelleyfor whom I can have only a word now, was John Keats;[75] born within the limits of London smoke, and less than threequarters of a mile from London Bridgeknowing in his boy days only the humblest, workaday ranges of life; getting some good Latinity and other schooling out of a Mr. Clarke (of the Cowden Clarke family)reading Virgil with him, but no Greek.		
Bell is in health, and unvaried     good humor.		
Smallish men should beware how they copy methods which want fulness of power and the besom of enthusiasm to fill out their compass.		
Mr. William Winter, in his Gray Days and Gold, has given a very charming account of this home of Moore’s and of its neighborhoodso full of English atmosphere, and of the graces and benignities of the Irish poet, as to make me think regretfully of my tamer mention.		
As early as 183540, Lord Brougham had purchased an estate in the south of France, in a beautiful nook of that mountain shore which sweeps eastward from the neighborhood of Marseillesalong the Mediterranean, and which so many travellers now know by the delights of the Cornice Road and Monaco, and Mentone, and San Remo.		
He plants, he builds, he plays the monarch in those solitudes.		
Yet Mackintosh was always plotting great literary designs; but his fastidious taste, and his critical hunger for all certainties, kept him forever in the search of new material and appliances.		
His peerage, however, only saved this wicked lord,” as he was called, from prison; and at Newstead his life smouldered out in 1798, under clouds of hate, and of distrust.		
Indeed, I am halfdisposed to repent what may have seemed a too flippant mention of this very graceful poet and essayist.		
And if Pelhamism had its speedy subsidence, the same writer put such captivating historic garniture and literary graces about the Italian studies of Rienzi, and of the Last Days of Pompeii, as carry them now into most libraries, and insure an interested readingnotwithstanding a strong sensuous taint and sentimental extravagances.		
127 et seq. [41] John Wilson Croker, b.		
It was a dark day for him when his mirror showed wrinkles that his cosmetics would not cover, and a stoop in the shoulders which his tailors could not bolster out of sight.		
Yet in all these, he arrogated more than his share of the honor, wearying his associates by incessant bickering and scolding, picking flaws in everything not entirely his own; jealous, suspicious, conceited to the last degree; never generous in praise of one living beside him; an enormous worker, with sinews of iron, and on occasions (which are of record) speaking and wrangling in the House of Commons until two of the morning, and then going homenot to sleepbut to write a thirtypage article for the Edinburgh Review.		
1775; d. 1864.		
With its Macaulay endorsement, it makes a unique autograph, now in the possession of the Messrs. Longmansbut destined to find place eventually among the manuscript treasures of the British Museum.		
Indeed, I think it was at the home of the latter that De Quincey first encountered the tall, lusty John Wilsonbrimful of enthusiasm and all country ardors; brimful, too, of gush, and all poetic undulations of speech.		
An infinite capability for eloquent verse; an infinite capability for badnesses!		
Lalla Rookh. Mr. Moore had his little country vacationsamong them, that notable stay up in the lovely county of Derbyshire, near to Ashbourne and Dovedale, and the old fishing grounds of Walton and of Cottonwhere he wrote the larger part of his first considerable poem, Lalla Rookhwhich had amazing success, and brought to its author the sum of £3,000.		
HucknallTorkard is half way between Nottingham and Newstead, and lies upon that northern road which pushes past Annesley into the region of woods and parks where Sherwood forest once flung its shadows along the aisles in which the bugle notes of master Robin Hood woke the echoes.		
Conversations with Lord Byron, 1834.		
[76] Ode to a Nightingale,” vi.		
His vanities are not only elastic, butby his own bland and childlike admissionsthey seem sometimes almost monumental.		
I was married     this day week.		
One darkest glen     Sends from its woods of muskrose twined with jasmine     A souldissolving odor, to invite     To some more lovely mystery.		
He appears from time to time on the benches of the Upper House, but never spoke there.		
But she was not of the order of women out of which are made martyrs for conscience’s sake.		
thou wanderer thro’ the woods,     How often has my spirit turned to thee!		
Cuthbert Southey, 184950.		
He had published that dreamy poem of Alastorhimself its poet hero, as indeed he was in a large sense of every considerable poem he wrote.		
I note at random, such as novelish erector (for builder), lambencies, apricating, aculeated; using words not rarely, etymologically, and for some recondite sense attaching.		
[38] Smith, Jeffrey, Brown, Horner, and Brougham.		
This, at any rate, is the phantasmic outline which a reading leaves upon my own memory.		
grieve no more!		
Certain scholastic honors, too, he did reap, in spite of his lunges outside the traces; there was a medal for his poem of Pompeii; and a Fellowship, at last, which gave him a needed, though small incomehis father’s Afric business having proved a failure, and no home moneys coming to him thereafter.		
Charles Scott, the only brother of the younger Sir Walter, died in 1841.		
And what was it?		
On December 10, 1815, his daughter Ada was born; and on April 25th, next ensuing, he sailed away from England forever.		
Wilson in Scotland. But all that delightful life amidst the woods of Elleraywith its gamecocks, and boats, and mountain rambles, and shouted chorus of Prometheuscomes to a sharp end.		
[14] Dorothy Wordsworth, under date of 1809, writes to her friend, Lady BeaumontSurely I have spoken to you of Mr. Wilson, a young man of some fortune, who has built a house in a very fine situation not far from Bowness.… He has from boyhood been a passionate admirer of my brother’s writings.		
We traced him from the keeping of that passionate motherwho smote him through and through with her own wrathful spiritto the days when he uttered the Idle” songscoined in the courts of Cambridgeand to those quick succeeding days, when his mad verse maddened English bards and Scotch reviewers.		
The peacock’s plumes, the shiver of the crystal, the glitter of Babylon, always charmed him.		
Listen again to what he has to say in his Indicator upon A Coach”:     It is full of cushions and comfort; elegantly colored inside and     out; rich yet neat; light and rapid, yet substantial.		
She is     a very superior woman, and very little spoiled … a girl of twenty,     an only child and a savante, who has always had her own way.” This evidently does not promise a very ardent correspondence.		
Yet they do not hold place among great and popular essays; not with Macaulay, or Mackintosh, or Carlyle, or even Hazlitt.		
i., p. 369) speaks of a dinner at Lady Holland’sMacaulay being presentwhen her ladyship, growing tired of the eloquence of Speakers of the House of Commons and Fathers of the Church, said: Well, Mr. Macaulay, can you tell us anything of dollswhen first named or used?” Macaulay was ready on the instantdilated upon Roman dolls and othersciting Persius, Veneri donato a virgine puppæ.” [86] See p. 116, Ante.		
There is little of interest in Campbell’s personal history; he married a cousin; lived, as I said, mostly in London, or its immediate neighborhood.		
But he is not the man to lose his hold on London; so he goes over seas only to put a deputy in place, and then, with a swift run through our Atlantic cities, is back again.		
Abbotsford, 66;     the author’s visit to, 67 et seq.; 81.		
[33] And he does at last come to the milliongetting, after his Whig friends came into power, and after the Reform revolution was over, the royal appointment to a canonry in connection with St. Paul’s Cathedral.		
In a few years, however, he secured a valuable church gift in Yorkshire, where he built a rectorythe ugliest and honestest house” in the countyand entertained London and Scottish friends there, and grew to enjoymuch as he couldthe trees, flowers, and lawns which he planted, and with which he coquetted, though only in a halfhearted way.		
Indeed it is not a little extraordinary that one of the most typical of English poets, shouldlike Landor, with whom he had many traits in commonhave passed so little of his active life on English ground.		
[89] Frederick Marryat, b.		
The father’s first London home was near by Lombard Street, where he managed an African agency under the firm name of Macaulay & Babington; and the baby Macaulay used to be wheeled into an open square near by, for the enjoyment of such winter’s sunshine as fell there at faraway intervals.		
The building is heavy and bald, without the winning picturesqueness that belongs to so many old country churches of Yorkshire.		
His petulance and angry sarcasm and frequent illnature made him a much hated man in his latter days, and involved him in abusive tirades, which people were slow to forgive.		
I have designated two of the arch plotters, Sydney Smith and Jeffrey.		
There were critics who ranked him with, or above, Scotteven in fiction.		
After the issue of its second couplet of volumes the publishers sent to the author a check for £20,000 on account.		
’tis thy voice from the Kingdom of Souls     Faintly answering still the notes that once were so dear.” And again:     Dear Harp of my Country!		
We will not forget the AboubenAdhem;” nor shall its commonness forbid our setting this charmingly treated Oriental fable, at the end of our mention of Hunta memorial banderole of verse:     Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)		
I notice a disposition in some recent writers to disparage this notable country home as pseudoGothic and flimsy.		
Were it only for this, ’tis hardly fair to count him a mere posturemaster and a dandy.		
Hunt’s Verse. But over all this we stretch a veil now, woven out of the little poems that he has left.		
[42] Very much piquant talk about George IV.		
Adventures of most hazardous and romantic qualities were not wanting under such an officer, all of which were stored in the retentive memory of the enthusiastic and observant midshipman, and thereafter, for years succeeding, were strewn with a free hand over his tales of the sea.		
He was as cruel as he was fine; shot a peasant once, in cold blood, and dragged him home after his saddle beast.		
Very few knew of it; fewer still ever read it.		
Better lectures in his province may very possibly have been written by others elsewheremore close, more compact, more thoroughly thought out, more methodic.		
There was no need for that.		
Who its love, without them, can fancyor sweet floor?		
But the curate did meet often, and most intimately, a certain prim, delicate, shortstatured, blackeyed, smug, ambitious, precocious young advocate named Francis Jeffrey; and it was in a chamber of this latterup three pair of stairs in Buccleugh Placethat Sydney Smith, on a certain occasion, proposed to the host and two or three other friends there present, the establishment of a literary journal to be published quarterly; and out of that proposition grew straightway that famous Edinburgh Review which in its covers of buff and blue has thrived for over ninety years nowthrowing its hot shot into all opposing camps of politics or of letters.		
It gave relief, however, from paternal protection, until the husband proved worse than the father, and separation ensuedmade good (after some years of tumultuous, uneasy life) by the violent and providential death of the recreant husband.		
There was a spilling of hot drink of some sort, during the visitation, which came near to scalding the lad; and when the sympathizing hostess asked after his suffering: Thank you, madam,” said he, the agony is abated!” The story is delightfully credible; and so are other pleasant ones of his reciting some of his doggerel verses to Hannah More and getting a gracious and approving nod of her gray curls and of her mobcap.		
At his home there, amongst the olives, the oleanders and the orangetrees, the disappointed and petulant exchancellor passed most of the later years of his life.		
Poor childrenthey all drop away, one by onetwo only reaching maturitythen dying.		
He marries, too, while this mountain passion is on him, a young girl of French or Swiss extractionled like a lamb into the lion’s grasp.		
With such foregoers of his own name, one might look for bad blood in the boy; nor was his mother saintlike; she had her storms of wrath; and from the beginning, I think, gave her boy only cruel milk to drink.		
He died, as we shall find later, in the year 1820, when the Regent succeeded, and reigned for ten years.		
*       *       *       *       * In our next talk we shall speak of some who sang beside him, and of some who followed; but of these not one had so rare a language, and not one had so true an eye.		
True, old Burleigh was wont to complain that her Majesty made him frequent visits, and that every one cost him a matter of two or three thousand pounds.		
[93] Philip Sidney, b.		
But if a man wanders otherwheres and makes report, he may tell lies, and the lies may amuse and get him fame.		
For he had been early presented to that monarcheven before Henry had come to the throneand had charmed him by his humor and his scholarly talk: so that when More came to live upon his little farm at Chelsea (very near to Cheyne Row where Carlyle died but a few years since) the King found his way thither on more than one occasion; and there are stories of his pacing up and down the garden walks in familiar talk with the master.		
Camelot is not so easy to trace: the name will not be found in the guidebooks: but in Somersetshire, in a little parish, called Queen’s Camel,” are the remains of vast entrenchments, said to have belonged to the tourney ground of Camelot.		
as few and sparse as then, what a range for enterprising authors!		
viii.		
(Aside.) That I could stab her standing there!		
The further story once obtained that he went with a gay retinue to Florence, where the lists were openedin the spirit of an older chivalryto this Stranger Knight, who challenged the world to combat his claims in behalf of the mythical Geraldine.		
AldwythI go.		
And out of these scattered actualities, as regards the Earl, Sir Walter Scott has embroidered his delightful romance.		
His rhymes, as he tells us himself, were ragged and jagged:” but worse than this, they were often ribald and rabidattacking with fierceness Cardinal Wolseyattacking his fellowpriests tooso that he was compelled to leave his living: but he somehow won a place afterward in the royal household as tutor; and even the great Erasmus (who had come over from the Low Countries, and was one while teaching Greek at Cambridge) congratulates some prince of the royal family upon the great advantage they have in the services of such a special light and ornament of British literature.” He is capricious, homely, never weak, often coarse, always quaint.		
23637), gives good reasons for doubting this story which is based mainly on the JonsonDrummond interviews.		
The King’s Quair, from which quotation is made, was written in 1423.		
Possibly;[45] but it was not an easy journey over the mountains to Padua in those days, even if Petrarch had been domiciled there,which is very doubtful; for the Italian poet, old and feeble, passed most of the latter years of his life at Arqua among the Euganean hills; and if Chaucer had met him, Petrarch would have been more apt to ask the man from faraway, murky England, about his country and King and the Prince Lionel (dead in those days), who only a few years before had married, at Milan, a daughter of the Viscontithan to bore him with a story at second hand (from Boccaccio) about the patient Griselda.		
The Hakluyt Society” of England will be his enduring monument.		
For all that Crécy or its smoking artillery had to do with his song, he might have sung a century earlier, or he might have sung a century later.		
He that travelleth     into a country before he hath some entrance into the language,     goeth to school and not to travel.”     Of Friendship:This communicating of a man’s self to his     friend, works two contrary efforts; for it redoubleth joys     and cutteth griefs in halves.” Again, of the advantages of     talk with a friend:Certain it is, that whosoever hath his     mind fraught with many thoughts, his wits and understanding do     clarify and break up, in the communicating and discoursing with     another; he tosseth his thoughts more easily; he marshalleth     them more orderly; he seeth how they look when they are turned     into words; finally, he waxeth wiser than himself: and that     more by an hours discourse than by a days meditation.” Thus I could go on for page after page of citations which you would approve, and which are so put in words that no mending or shortening or deepening of their force seems anyway possible.		
It is a bare rag of story, with only streaks of bloodred in it; yet how tenderly touched, and how pathetically told, in Chaucer’s tale of the Prioress!		
But from the date of Wyclif’s translationforward, foreverwhatever man, rich or poor, could read an English ordinance of the King, or a byelaw of a British parish, could alsothough he might be driven to stealthy readingspell his way back, through the old aisles of Sacred History, where Moses and the prophets held their place, and into the valleys of Palestine, where Bethlehem lay, and where Christ was hung upon the tree.		
Cranmer, Latimer, Knox, and Others. A much nobler figure is this, to my mind, than that of Cranmer,[73] who appears in such picturesque lights in the drama of Henry VIII.who gave adhesion to royal wishes for divorce upon divorce; who always colored his religious allegiances with the colors of the King; who was a scholar indeedlearned, eloquent; who wrought well, as it proved, for the reformed faith; but who wilted under the fierce heats of trial; would have sought the good will of the bloodthirsty Mary; but who gave even to his subserviencies a halftone that brought distrust, and sofinallythe fate of that quasimartyrdom which has redeemed his memory.		
Amid those shadows she standsstartled: a strong, sweet figure of a peasant maiden; stoutly clad and simply; capable of harvestwork with the strongest of her sisterhood; yet not coarse; redeemed through every fibre of body and soul by a light that shines in her eye, looking dreamily upward; seeing things others see not; hoping things others hope not, and with clenched hand putting emphasis to the purposewhich the hope and the vision kindle; pitying her poor France, and nerved to help heras she didall the weary and the troublesome days through, till the shameful sacrifice at English hands, on the marketplace of Rouen, closed her life and her story.		
Geve vs this daye oure dayly breade.		
And what were the books, pray, which Master Caxtonwho, for a wonder, was a shrewd business man, as well as inclined to literary waysthought it worth his while to set before the world?		
Henry V. and War Times. This fifteenth centuryin no chink of which, as would seem, could any brave or sweet English poem find roothold, was not a bald one in British annals.		
[98] We are disinclined, however, to accept the same biographer’s overmild treatment of the bribetaking, as a moral negligence”coupling it with Dr. Johnson’s moral delinquency of lying abed in the morning!		
Bacon died, as we have said, in 1294.		
An occasional sample of his work appears from time to time on the market even now; but not at prices which are inviting to the most of us.		
Not very many years after thisjust how many we cannot saycomes the great tragedy of his life: A new Irish rebellion (that of Tyrone) sends up its tide of fire and blood around his home of Kilcolman; his crops, his barns, his cattle, his poor babe[92]the last bornall are smothered, and consumed away in that fiery wrack and ruin.		
The King came home, you will remember, by the way of Austria, and was caught and caged there many monthsfor a time none of his people knowing where he was: this is good romance and history too.		
This is John Knox,[78] a near contemporary though something younger than most I have named, and not ripening to his greatest power till Henry VIII.		
Thy wyll be fulfilled, as well in erth, as hit     ys in heven.		
vii.)		
[51] Dean Stanley, without doubt in error, in measuring the pilgrimage by twentyfour hours.		
A. Buchon), tome iii., p. 236.		
He makes honey out of coarse flowers; not so sure alwaysnor much caring to be sureof the name and habitudes of the plants he rifles.		
Shakespeare, also, at a time not far removed from Lyly’s conquest, perhaps intended a slap at the euphuistic craze,[96] in the pedant Schoolmaster’s talk of Love’s Labor’s Lost.” Yet there was a certain good in this massing of epithets, and in this tesselated cumulation of nice bits of language, from which the more wary and skilful of writers could chooseas from a great vocabularywhat words were cleanest and clearest.		
After printing was invented, and an easier way of making books was in vogue than the old one of tediously copying them upon parchmentI say in this new day of printing a certain Sir Thomas Mallory, who lived at the same time with Caxton, the first English printer, did, at the instance, I think, of that printerput all these legends we speak of into rather stiff, homely English prosecopying, Caxton tells us, from a French original: but no such full French original has been found; and the presumption is that Mallory borrowed (as so many bookmakers did and do) up and down, from a world of manuscripts.		
Yet withal, this Chaucer is in some sense a man of the world and courtier.		
A large portion of the old religious house, kept in excellent repair, and very charming with its growth of ivy and its embowering shade, is held in private handsbeing the occasional residence of the Duke of Cleveland.		
[19] Among other direct Arthurian growths may be noted MORRIS’S Defence of Guinevere; ARNOLD’S Tristram and Issult; QUINET’S Merlin, WAGNER’S Operatic Poems, and SMITH’S Edwin of Deira.		
1615.		
Before the plot is carried out, the Prince agrees privately with Poins (one of the rogues) to put a trick upon Falstaff: Poins and the Prince will slip away in the dusklet Falstaff and his companions do the robbing; then, suddenlydisguised in buckram suitspounce on them and seize the booty.		
There could be no greater mistake.		
He tells of the Barons’ Wars, of the miseries of Queen Margaret, of how David killed Goliath, of Moses in the burning bushin lines counting by thousands; Paradise Lost stretched six times over would not equal his pile of print; and all the verse that Goldsmith ever wrote, compared with Drayton’s portentous mass would seem like an iridescent bit of cockleshell upon a sea of ink.		
But there is a Welsh monkGeoffrey of Monmouth[13]living just on the borders of Wales, and probably not therefore brought into close connection with this new Norman elementwho writes (about one hundred years after the Conquest) a halfearnest and mostlyfabulous British Chronicle.		
Spenser sees much of this fiery work; and its blaze reddens some of the pages of the Faery Queen.		
who appears now upon the throne, and who was not a very noticeable man, save for his kingship, you will remember as the little son of John of Gaunt, who played about Chaucer’s knee; you will remember him further as giving title to a pair of Shakespeare’s plays, in which appears for the first time that semihistoric characterthat enormous wallet of flesh, that egregious villain, that man of a prodigious humor, all in oneJack Falstaff.		
But he believed most of all in the full utterance of his beliefs, and in experimenting, and in interrogating nature, and distrusting conventionalisms, and in search for himself into all the mysteries, whether of nature or theology.		
His Anatomie of Abuses first published in 1583.		
I myself have thought good to imitate the Italy fashion by     this forked cutting of meate not only while I was in Italy, but     also in Germany, and oftentimes in England, since I came home.” Thus we may connect the history of silver forks with Tom Coryat’s Crudities, and with the first reported footjourneys of an Englishman over the length and breadth of Europe.		
Yet even at a time when the writers of such psalmodies received small crumbs of favor from the Court, the English Bible was by no means a freegoer into all companies.		
1563; d. 1631.		
At last he has it trippingly; soschoolward and homeward,               as he cam to and fro     Full merrily than would he sing and crie,     O Alma Redemptoris ever mó,     The sweetnesse hath his hertë perced so.		
It was in 1477 that William Caxton issued the first book, printed with a date, in England.		
But there were some to be remembered too: there was William Camdento whom I have briefly alluded alreadyand of whom, when you read good histories of this and preceding reigns, you will find frequent mention.		
King. O Kate, [loftily] nice customs courtesy to great     Kings:here comes your father.		
And travelling merchants find their way to such homesbringing glass beads from Venice, and little dainty mirrors, just now the vogue in that great City by the Sea; and velvet and filigree headdresses, and jewels and bits of tapestry from Flemish cities.		
ed.)		
Also, moder, I herd while in London ther was a goodly young     woman to marry whyche was daughter to one Seff, a mercer, and     she will have 200 pounds in money to her marriage, and 20 £ by     year after the dysesse of a stepmoder of hers, whiche is upon     50 yeeres of age: and fore I departed out o’ Lunnon, I spak     with some of the mayd’s friends, and hav gotten their good     wille to hav her married to my broder Edmond.		
King. Can any of your neighbors tell, Kate?		
This which follows, tells how a young gallant should behave himself in an ordinary:     Being arrived in the room, salute not any but those of your     acquaintance; walke up and downe by the rest as scornfully and     as carelessly as a GentlemanUsher: Select some friend (having     first throwne off your cloake) to walke up and downe the roome     with you, … and this will be a meanes to publish your clothes     better than Powles, a Tenniscourt, or a Playhouse; discourse     as lowd as you can, no matter to what purpose if you but make     a noise, and laugh in fashion, and have a good sower face to     promise quarrelling, you shall be much observed.		
[69] By the same standard the average Earl had a revenue of £20,000, and the richest of the peers is put down at a probable income of three times this amount.		
But the big Knight blurts outA plague on all cowards!” He has been beset, while the Prince had sneaked away; the spoils are gone:     I am a rogue, if I was not at half a sword with a dozen of     them two hours together; I have scaped by a miracle; I am eight     times thrust thro’ the doubletfour thro’ the hose.		
[94] The first edition of Rinaldo was printed at Venice in 1562: this great epic was completed at Padua in 1575.		
But he did stay long enough to get a thorough taste for learning, and a thorough grounding in it.		
of England, Francis I. of France, and Charles V. of Spain, Germany, and the Low Countries.		
My answer hath been, would he had blotted a thousand.		
See also Trans.		
If we keep by the strict letter of history, there is little of literary interest in that short reign of hisonly fourteen years.		
If thy estate be good,     match near home and at leisure: if weakfar off, and quickly.		
Philip Sidney. Meantime what has become of that Philip Sidney[93] who flashed upon us under the eyes of Elizabeth at the age of twentyfour?		
Clothmakers came over from Flanders and made settlements in England.		
Sotheli an other of his disciplis saide to hymLord,     suffre me go first and birye my fadir.		
Best edition of works edited by Rev.		
Shall we meet again?		
[110] There is an exquisite sonnet usually attributed to him beginningSince there’s no help, come let us kiss and part;” but this is so very much better than all his other sonnets, that I cannot help sharing the doubts of those who question its Drayton origin.		
Forsothe Jhesus saide to     hym, Sue thou me, and late dede men birye her dead men.” It is surely not very hard reading;still less so in the form as revised by Purvey,[39] an old assistant of his in the Parish of Lutterworth; and it made the groundwork of an English sacred dialect, which with its Thees and Thous and Speaketh and Heareth and Prayeth has given its flavor to all succeeding translations, and to all utterances of praise and thanksgiving in every English pulpit.		
Before the first quarter of the century had passed, the monk Luther had pasted his ticket upon the doors of the church at Wittenberg; and that other soldiermonk, Loyola, was astir with the beginnings of Jesuitism.		
King. [Explosively and deliciously.]		
MURATORI (Annali) mentions Petrarch as seated among the princely gueststanta era la di lui riputazionebut there is, naturally enough, no naming of Chaucer or Froissart.		
Remember you have no father; and you have little     enoughif not too little, regarded your kind, nosimple     mother’s wholesome advice.”     And again: Look well to your health; sup not, nor sit not up     late; surely I think your drinking near to bedtime hindereth     your and your brother’s digestion very much: I never knew any     but sickly that used it; besides ill for head and eyes.” And     again, in postscript: I trust you, with yr servants, use     prayers twice in a day, having been where reformation is.		
