these	two	lady	set	up	-PRON-	homestead	near	to	swift	’s	vicarage	;	-PRON-	go	to	see	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	come	to	see	-PRON-	.		
-PRON-	hear	around	-PRON-	the	tramp	of	army	and	the	blare	of	trumpet	;	yet	these	do	not	drown	the	sick	voice	of	poor	distraught	ophelia	.		
in	the	course	of	the	talk	-PRON-	may	well	believe	that	king	james	nod	approval	of	anything	that	would	flatter	-PRON-	kingly	vanity	,	and	shake	-PRON-	big	unkempt	head	at	what	would	make	call	for	a	loosening	of	-PRON-	pursestring	.		
those	who	know	-PRON-	describe	-PRON-	as	of	middle	stature	,	strong	set	,	roundish	face	,	cherrycheeked	,	hazeley	,	brownhaired.”[75	]	there	be	dainty	poem	of	-PRON-	,	which	should	be	read	,	and	which	be	worth	remember	.		
some	of	these	boyle	meditation	be	on	the	drollest	of	topicsa	,	for	instance	,	upon	the	sight	of	a	windmill	standing	still	,	"	and	again	,	upon	the	paring	of	a	rare	summer	apple	.	"	swift	have	no	great	appetite	for	such	paring	;	"	but	lady	berkeley	be	insatiate	,	-PRON-	slip	a	meditation	of	-PRON-	own	,	in	manuscript	,	between	the	leaf	of	the	great	folio	of	the	hon	.		
the	talk	in	-PRON-	comedy	,	by	-PRON-	pliancy	,	grace	,	neat	turn	,	swiftness	of	repartee	,	compare	with	the	talk	in	most	comedy	as	goldsmith	’s	work	compare	with	the	heavy	forging	of	a	blacksmith	.		
the	truth	be	,	mrs.	vanhomrigh[113	]	have	a	daughteryoung	,	clever	,	romantic	,	not	without	personal	charm	,	who	be	captivate	by	the	intellect	of	mr.		
but	o	,	-PRON-	dance	such	a	way	!		
a	show	be	keep	up	of	-PRON-	schoolkeeping	,	but	with	doubtful	success	;	for	in	1647	-PRON-	learn	that	-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	great	house	in	barbican	,	and	betook	-PRON-	to	a	small	in	high	holborn	,	among	those	that	open	back	into	lincoln	’s	inn	fields	;	"	but	there	be	no	poemmaking	of	importance	(	save	one	or	two	wondrous	sonnets	)	now	,	or	again	,	until	-PRON-	be	virtually	an	old	man	.		
sir	rich^d	saltonstall	,	knt	.	,	lord	mayor	of	london	,	and	2	other	,	commissioner	of	-PRON-	majesty	(	fortieth	yr	of	queen	elizabeth	)	,	and	the	party	depute	to	collect	the	first	of	these	subsidy	grant	by	parliament	the	yr	preceding(bear	date	October	1598	)	,	for	the	rate	of	s^t	helen	’s	parish	,	bishopsgate	wardthe	name	of	wm	.		
the	coupling	together	of	this	pair	of	author	at	-PRON-	work	have	the	air	of	romance	;	both	be	well	bear	;	fletcher	,	son	of	a	bishop	;	beaumont	,	son	of	sir	francis	beaumont	,	of	gracedieu	(	not	far	away	from	ashbydelazouch	)	;	both	be	university	man	,	and	though	differ	in	age	by	eight	or	nine	year	,	yet	comingvery	likely	through	the	good	office	of	ben	jonsonto	that	sharing	of	home	and	work	and	wardrobe	which	the	old	gossip	aubrey[30	]	have	delight	in	picturing	.		
may	,	      	hamnet	,	twin	with	           	judith	,	bapt	.		
-PRON-	taste	lead	-PRON-	more	to	banquet	at	exeter	house	.		
the	character	of	sir	roger	will	live	foreverso	graciousso	courteousso	dignifiedso	gentle	:	-PRON-	servant	love	-PRON-	,	and	-PRON-	dog	,	and	-PRON-	white	gelding	.		
so	home	and	to	    	prayer	and	to	bed	.	"	another	day	,	have	be	to	court	,	-PRON-	say	:	    	the	queene	,	a	very	little	plain	old	woman	,	and	nothing	more	in	any	    	respect	than	any	ordinary	woman	.		
anne	,	strangely	enough	,	marrieddy	shortly	after	;	mary	die	year	later	,	a	spinster	;	and	deborah	,	who	become	mrs.	clark	,	have	some	notice	,	thirty	year	later	,	when	-PRON-	be	discover	that	a	quiet	woman	of	that	name	be	milton	’s	daughter	.		
swift	begin	with	be	a	whig	,	to	which	side	-PRON-	slapdash	wilfulness	,	-PRON-	fellowship	with	temple	,	and	-PRON-	scorn	of	tradition	draw	-PRON-	;	but	-PRON-	end	with	veer	over	to	the	tory	rank	,	where	-PRON-	hate	of	presbyterianism	and	-PRON-	eager	thrust	at	cant	radical	give	-PRON-	credit	and	vogue	.		
so	starched	be	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	highchurch	view	that	the	pope	have	offer	-PRON-	the	hat	of	a	cardinal	.		
when	there	be	some	purpose	to	effectsome	wrong	to	lashsome	puppet	to	knock	downsome	towhead	to	set	on	firesome	public	drowsiness	to	wakehe	rush	into	print	with	a	vengeance	.		
-PRON-	know	that	-PRON-	late	biographer	and	advocate	,	mr.	saintsbury	,	whose	work	-PRON-	will	be	very	apt	to	encounter	in	the	little	series	edit	by	john	morley	,	see	poem	like	those	-PRON-	have	cite	with	other	eye	,	and	fashion	out	of	-PRON-	an	agreeable	poetic	consistency	very	honorable	to	dryden	;	but	-PRON-	can	not	twist	-PRON-	so	as	to	view	the	matter	in	-PRON-	way	.		
there	be	a	charming	life	of	-PRON-	by	izaak	walton	.		
no	news	to	tell	-PRON-	:	go	to	dine	with	    	mrs.	vanhomrigh	,	a	neighbor	.		
not	long	after	these	thing	be	abrew	,	sir	william	temple	die	(	1699	)	,	bequeath	-PRON-	paper	to	-PRON-	secretary	.		
edmund	waller	,	b.		
rimbault	’s	life	,	1856	;	also	strahan	’s	biographical	dictionary	,	1784	.		
wrapt	soft	and	warm	-PRON-	name	be	send	on	high	,	    	as	flame	do	on	the	wave	of	incense	fly	:	    	music	-PRON-	be	lose	,	in	vain	-PRON-	bring	    	-PRON-	choice	note	to	praise	the	good	of	king	;	    	-PRON-	melt	strain	in	-PRON-	a	tomb	have	find	,	    	and	lie	like	bee	in	-PRON-	own	sweetness	drown’d	.	"	no	wonder	that	-PRON-	come	ultimately	to	have	the	place	of	poetlaureate	,	and	thereafter	an	extra	£	100	a	year	with	-PRON-	!		
[	35	]	-PRON-	be	a	man	who	have	supplement	-PRON-	university	training	by	long	residence	abroad	;	who	have	be	of	service	to	king	james	(	before	the	king	have	yet	leave	scotland	)	by	divulge	to	-PRON-	and	defeat	some	purpose	scheme	of	poisoning	.		
-PRON-	go	to	cambridge	for	study	at	a	time	when	-PRON-	may	have	encounter	there	the	grim	boystudent	,	oliver	cromwell	,	or	possibly	that	other	fairfac	cambridge	student	,	john	milton	,	who	be	upon	the	roll	eight	year	later	.		
what	be	-PRON-	to	do	there	?		
at	laracor	,	the	little	irish	parish	which	-PRON-	come	by	shortly	after	,	-PRON-	have	a	glebe	and	a	horse	,	and	become	in	a	way	domesticate	there	,	so	far	as	such	a	man	could	be	domesticate	anywhere	.		
addison	come	to	the	help	of	steele	in	the	tatler	,	and	steele	,	afterward	join	force	with	addison	in	the	spectator	.		
[	43	]	herrick	be	not	an	example	of	this	;	but	herbert	be	;	so	be	overbury	with	-PRON-	wife	;	"	so	be	vaughan	;	so	be	browne	.		
and	herein	lie	the	difference	between	this	man	shakespeare	,	and	most	that	go	before	-PRON-	,	or	who	have	succeed	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	have	supply	real	character	to	count	up	among	the	character	-PRON-	know	.		
then	the	palace	door	open	for	that	good	,	"	and	certainly	weak	,	queen	anne	,	whose	name	be	so	intimately	associate	with	what	be	call	the	augustan	age	"	of	english	letter	,	and	whose	personal	characteristic	have	already	be	subject	of	mention	.		
in	the	day	when	the	armada	be	crush	,	when	british	ship	and	british	navigator	bring	every	year	tale	of	gold	,	tale	of	marvellous	new	shore	,	when	prince	of	the	proud	court	come	flock	to	pay	suit	to	england	’s	great	virgin	queen	,	what	poet	should	not	sing	at	-PRON-	loud	and	-PRON-	brave	?		
-PRON-	have	-PRON-	battledore	in	-PRON-	hand	,	and	fall	a	beat	the	    	coffin	,	and	call	‘	papa.’	…	-PRON-	mother	catch	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	arm	,	and	    	almost	smother	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	embrace	,	and	tell	-PRON-	,	in	a	flood	of	    	tear	,	'	papa	could	not	hear	-PRON-	,	and	would	play	with	-PRON-	no	more.’	"	this	be	on	page	364	of	the	tatler	,	and	on	page	365	-PRON-	say	:	a	large	train	of	disaster	be	come	into	-PRON-	memory	,	when	-PRON-	servant	knock	at	-PRON-	closet	door	,	and	interrupt	-PRON-	with	a	letter	,	attend	with	a	hamper	of	wine	,	of	the	same	sort	with	that	which	be	to	be	put	to	sale	on	thursday	next	,	at	garraway	’s	coffeehouse	.	"	and	-PRON-	send	for	three	of	-PRON-	friendswhich	be	so	like	-PRON-	!		
london	smoke	be	a	torture	to	-PRON-	;	but	when	-PRON-	go	only	so	little	distance	away	(	twenty	mile	northward	)	as	the	country	home	of	-PRON-	friend	sir	francis	and	lady	masham	,	a	delightful	calm	come	to	-PRON-	.		
1647	;	d.	1680	.		
[	14	]	susanna	,	the	eld	,	baptize	1583	;	hamnet	and	judith	(	twin	)	,	baptize	1585	.		
[	55	]	the	former	of	these	(	cowley	)	be	the	son	of	a	london	grocer	,	whose	shop	be	not	far	from	the	home	of	izaak	walton	;	-PRON-	be	teach	at	westminster	school	,	and	at	cambridge	,	and	blaze	up	precociously	at	the	age	of	fifteen	in	shin	verse	.		
waller	have	come	to	a	casual	literary	importance	in	these	day	under	the	deft	talk	and	writing	of	those	dilettante	critic	who	would	make	this	author	the	pivot	(	as	-PRON-	be	)	on	which	british	poesy	swing	away	from	the	hysterical	riot	of	the	jacobeans	"	into	measure	and	orderly	classic	cadence	.		
-PRON-	be	a	man	of	devonshire	birth	,	of	good	family;a	little	overboastful	of	be	above	any	want	for	money	;	"	show	trace	,	indeed	,	of	coarse	arrogance	,	and	sway	dramatically	into	coarse	brutality	.		
yet	locke	,	although	a	man	of	the	keen	and	rare	intellectwhich	almost	etherializ	-PRON-	lookswas	possess	of	a	wonderful	deal	of	what	-PRON-	would	have	call	hard	,	roundabout	sense	;	"	indeed	-PRON-	would	be	quite	possible	to	fill	a	whole	calendar	with	bit	of	-PRON-	print	talk	that	would	be	as	pitpat	and	commonsensical	as	anything	in	poor	richard	’s	almanac	.		
here	,	too	,	-PRON-	write	that	monument	of	toleration	,	the	liberty	of	prophesying	,	a	work	which	would	be	count	broad	in	-PRON-	teaching	even	now	,	and	which	alienate	a	great	many	of	-PRON-	more	starched	fellow	in	the	church	.		
independent	,	presbyterians	,	church	of	england	man	,	and	papist	be	all	by	the	ear	;	and	-PRON-	do	seem	to	many	among	the	shrewd	of	even	the	puritan	worker	that	some	balancewheel	(	of	whatev	metal	)	,	though	weight	with	royal	tradition	and	hereditary	privilege	,	may	keep	the	governmental	machinery	to	the	steady	working	of	old	day	.		
captain	sentry	show	great	    	kindness	to	the	old	housedog	-PRON-	master	be	so	fond	of	.		
[	30	]	aubrey	,	who	die	in	1697	,	and	who	be	often	cite	,	be	an	antiquarynot	always	to	be	rely	uponan	oxford	man	,	friend	of	thomas	hobbes	,	be	heir	to	sundry	country	estate	,	which	,	through	defective	title	,	involve	-PRON-	in	suit	,	that	bring	-PRON-	to	grief	.		
this	princess	anne	(	afterward	queen	anne	)	be	marry	to	a	prince	of	denmark	,	only	notable	for	do	nothing	excellently	well	;	and	be	mother	of	a	young	lad	,	call	duke	of	gloucester	,	whom	all	england	look	upon	as	-PRON-	future	king	.		
chapter	vi	.		
mr.	pepys	(	whose	memoir	-PRON-	have	hear	of	,	and	of	whom	-PRON-	shall	have	more	to	tell	)	say	that	-PRON-	buy	the	book	one	day	in	the	strand	because	everybody	be	talk	of	itwhich	be	the	only	reason	a	good	many	people	have	for	buy	book	;	and	,	-PRON-	continuesthat	have	dip	into	-PRON-	,	without	find	much	benefit	,	-PRON-	sell	-PRON-	next	day	in	the	strand	for	halfprice	.		
-PRON-	be	a	man	,	-PRON-	think	,	who	would	have	infinitely	scorn	and	revolt	at	many	of	the	apology	that	have	be	make	for	-PRON-	.		
then	,	again	,	english	vice	be	more	outspoken	and	less	secretive	than	that	of	the	overchannel	neighbor	.		
this	pepys	stand	a	good	chance	to	outlive	butler	,	and	to	outlive	burnet	,	and	to	outlive	clarendon	,	and	to	outlive	john	evelyn	.		
1565	(	?		
a	mr.	danvers	,	kinsman	of	herbert	’s	stepfather	,	think	all	the	world	of	the	poet	,	and	declare	-PRON-	utter	willingness	that	herbert	should	marry	any	one	of	-PRON-	nine	daughter	[	for	-PRON-	have	so	many	]	,	but	rather	jane	,	because	jane	be	-PRON-	beloved	daughter	.	"	and	to	such	good	effect	do	the	father	talk	to	jane	,	that	-PRON-	,	as	old	walton	significantly	tell	-PRON-	,	be	in	love	with	the	poet	before	yet	-PRON-	have	see	-PRON-	.		
[	56	]	indeed	-PRON-	aptitude	,	-PRON-	ingenuity	,	-PRON-	scholarship	,	keep	-PRON-	in	the	first	rank	of	man	of	letter	all	through	-PRON-	day	,	and	give	-PRON-	burial	between	spenser	and	chaucer	in	westminster	abbey	.		
milton	,	however	,	make	lucky	escape	,	with	only	a	short	term	of	prison	;	but	for	some	time	thereafter	-PRON-	be	in	fear	of	assassination	.		
-PRON-	change	-PRON-	will	before	-PRON-	death	,	cut	off	swift	,	who	be	sole	legatee	,	and	leave	onehalf	to	bishop	berkeley	;	through	whom	,	strangely	enough	,	yale	college	may	be	say	to	inherit	a	part	of	poor	vanessa	’s	fortune	.		
-PRON-	come	,	-PRON-	know	,	to	be	call	the	good	queen	anne	;	"	and	-PRON-	must	try	and	get	a	good	glimpse	of	-PRON-	before	-PRON-	push	on	with	-PRON-	literary	story	.		
the	year	after	,	which	find	-PRON-	in	bunhill	row	again	,	bring	that	great	london	fire	which	the	monument	now	commemorate	;	-PRON-	pass	three	day	and	night	upon	the	edge	of	that	huge	tempest	of	flame	and	smoke	which	devour	nearly	twothird	of	london	;	the	old	poet	hear	the	din	and	roar	and	crackle	,	and	feel	upon	-PRON-	forehead	the	wave	of	fierce	heat	and	the	shower	of	cindersa	scene	and	an	experience	which	may	have	give	,	perhaps	,	other	color	to	-PRON-	picture	of	pandemonium	,	if	-PRON-	great	poem	have	not	be	just	now	,	in	these	fateful	year	,	completedcomplet	and	bargain	for	;	£	20	be	to	be	pay	for	-PRON-	conditionally,[68	]	in	four	payment	of	£	5	each	,	at	a	day	when	london	have	be	decimate	by	the	plague	,	and	half	the	city	be	a	waste	of	ruin	and	ash	.		
buckingham	be	therethat	second	villiers,[70	]	of	whom	-PRON-	have	somewhat	to	say	when	the	eld	buckingham	come	up	for	mention	in	the	day	of	charles	i.	;	this	young	villier	run	before	the	elder	in	all	accomplishment	and	all	villainy	;	courtly	;	of	noble	bearing	;	with	dainty	of	speech	;	a	pattern	of	manly	grace	;	capable	of	a	tender	french	song	,	with	all	-PRON-	tone	in	exultant	accord	with	good	of	court	singer	,	and	of	a	comedy	that	draw	all	the	playgoer	of	london	to	the	rehearsal	;	"	capable	too	,	of	the	wickedest	of	plot	and	of	the	foul	of	lie	.		
in	a	previous	chapter	-PRON-	speak	of	the	fatherly	edict	against	biblereading	and	bibleowning	in	the	time	of	henry	viii	.		
’twa	say	that	-PRON-	ambition	and	high	spirit	push	the	poor	elector	into	political	complication	that	ruin	-PRON-	,	and	that	make	the	once	owner	of	that	princely	château	an	outcast	,	and	almost	a	beggar	.		
john	davies	b.	in	wiltshire	about	1570	,	and	d.	1626	.		
in	1640	,	only	one	year	after	jeremy	taylor	be	establish	in	-PRON-	pleasant	rutland	rectory	,	archbishop	laud	go	to	the	tower	,	not	to	come	forth	till	-PRON-	should	go	to	the	scaffold	;	and	in	the	civil	war	,	break	out	presently	,	jeremy	taylor	join	the	royalists	,	be	make	chaplain	to	the	king	,	see	battle	and	siege	and	wound	;	but	in	the	top	of	the	strife	-PRON-	be	know	by	-PRON-	silvery	voice	and	-PRON-	exuberant	piety	,	and	by	the	rare	eloquence	which	color	prayer	and	sermon	with	the	bloody	tinge	of	war	and	the	pure	light	of	heaven	.		
a	pamphleteer	.	a	writer	,	however	,	of	that	time	,	of	about	the	same	age	with	congreve	,	whom	king	william	do	favor	,	and	do	take	at	one	period	into	-PRON-	confidence	,	and	one	of	whose	book	,	at	least	,	-PRON-	all	have	like	at	some	epoch	of	-PRON-	life	,	and	think	quite	wonderful	and	charmingi	must	tell	-PRON-	more	about	.		
-PRON-	habit	be	to	study	of	a	morningdine	at	a	tavern	;	then	to	button	’s	coffeehouse	,	near	to	covent	garden	,	for	a	meet	with	-PRON-	crony	;	and	afterwardwhen	the	spectre	of	marriage	be	real	to	himto	the	tavern	again	,	and	to	heavy	draught	than	-PRON-	be	will	not	to	take	in	-PRON-	young	day	.		
even	the	peasant	thereabout	stay	the	plough	and	listen	reverently	(	another	angelus	!	)		
-PRON-	give	a	sample	from	-PRON-	ballad	upon	a	wedding	,	"	though	-PRON-	may	be	overwell	know	:	    	-PRON-	cheek	so	rare	a	white	be	on	    	no	daisy	make	comparison	        	(	who	see	-PRON-	be	undo	)	:	    	for	streak	of	red	be	mingle	there	    	such	as	be	on	a	catharine	pear	,	        	the	side	that	’	next	the	sun	.		
therefore	and	thereby	-PRON-	be	that	-PRON-	have	fuse	-PRON-	thought	into	such	shape	as	take	hold	on	human	sympathy	everywhere	,	and	-PRON-	character	be	all	live	creature	.		
)	,	with	william	of	orange	,	and	so	give	to	england	that	royal	couple	,	william	and	mary	.		
-PRON-	may	interest	-PRON-	special	parish	to	know	further	that	the	first	american	(	english	)	bible	be	print	at	philadelphia	,	by	a	scotchman	name	aitkin	,	in	the	year	1782	;	but	the	first	bible	print	in	america	be	in	the	german	language	,	issue	by	christopher	sauer	,	at	germantown	,	in	1743	.		
-PRON-	be	unsafe	;	-PRON-	will	kick	over	the	trace	;	-PRON-	will	take	the	bit	in	-PRON-	mouth	;	-PRON-	will	be	-PRON-	own	man	and	not	-PRON-	man	.		
[	17	]	-PRON-	be	enough	that	-PRON-	write	-PRON-	;	the	merry	one	when	-PRON-	heart	be	light	,	and	the	tragic	one	when	grief	lie	heavily	upon	-PRON-	.		
there	be	foreign	travel	,	also	,	in	which	-PRON-	accomplish	-PRON-	in	continental	language	and	sociality	;	-PRON-	have	offer	of	diplomatic	preferment	,	but	-PRON-	doubtful	health	(	always	make	-PRON-	what	overwell	people	call	a	fussy	man	)	forbade	acceptance	;	else	-PRON-	may	have	have	in	-PRON-	another	sir	william	temple	.		
after	some	brief	stay	with	-PRON-	mother	in	leicestershire	,	-PRON-	go	,	at	-PRON-	instance	,	and	in	recognition	of	certain	remote	kinship	with	the	family	of	sir	william	temple	,	to	seek	that	diplomat	’s	patronage	.		
edition	of	the	pilgrim	’s	progress	be	innumerable	.		
with	skill	-PRON-	eye	dart	every	glance	,	      	yet	change	so	soon	,	-PRON-	would	ne’er	suspect	-PRON-	,	    	for	-PRON-	would	persuade	-PRON-	wound	by	chance	,	      	tho’	certain	aim	and	art	direct	-PRON-	.	"	-PRON-	be	very	pretty	;	yet	be	-PRON-	not	sure	that	-PRON-	wheezing	,	phlegmatic	,	businessloving	,	dutch	king	william	would	have	sniff	contemptuously	at	the	reading	of	any	such	verselet	?		
if	-PRON-	use	of	-PRON-	be	only	to	    	understand	some	book	writ	in	-PRON-	without	a	critical	knowledge	of	the	    	tongue	-PRON-	,	read	alone	will	attain	-PRON-	end	,	without	charge	    	-PRON-	mind	with	the	multiplied	rule	and	intricacy	of	grammar	.	"	…	    	if	there	may	be	any	reason	against	child	’s	make	latin	theme	    	at	school	,	-PRON-	have	much	more	to	say	and	of	more	weight	against	-PRON-	    	making	versesvers	of	any	sort	.		
king	charles	and	-PRON-	friends	.	-PRON-	open	this	morning	upon	time	when	newengland	town	be	be	plant	among	the	pinewood	,	and	the	decorous	,	courtly	,	unfortunate	charles	i.	have	newly	come	to	the	throne	.		
-PRON-	can	not	stay	to	characterize	-PRON-	great	poem	;	nor	be	there	need	;	immortal	in	more	sens	than	one	;	humanity	count	for	little	in	-PRON-	;	one	pair	of	human	creature	only	,	and	these	look	at	,	as	-PRON-	be	,	through	the	big	end	of	the	telescope	;	with	gigantic	,	godlike	figure	around	one	,	or	colossal	demon	prone	on	fiery	flood	.		
-PRON-	do	not	suppose	-PRON-	have	read	much	that	-PRON-	write	except	one	book	;	that	,	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	have	read	;	and	this	bustling	,	bounce	,	inconsistent	,	indefatigable	,	unsuccessful	,	earnest	scold	of	a	man	be	name	daniel	defoe;[98	]	and	the	book	-PRON-	have	read	be	robinson	crusoelov	by	all	boy	good	than	any	other	book	;	and	love	by	all	girl	,	-PRON-	think	,	good	than	any	other	bookthat	have	no	love	in	-PRON-	.		
next	-PRON-	hear	of	-PRON-	as	preachernot	properly	sanction	even	by	the	nonconform	authoritiesbut	opening	that	intense	religious	talk	of	-PRON-	upon	whatev	and	whomsoever	would	come	to	hear	.		
the	paper	be	interesting	,	furthermore	,	as	show	how	a	cleverish	man	,	with	considerable	gift	of	presence	and	of	brain	,	with	-PRON-	reactionary	toryism	dominant	,	and	make	a	fetich	of	,	can	still	keep	a	good	digestion	and	go	in	a	respectable	fashion	through	a	long	lifebackward	,	instead	of	face	to	the	front	.	"	in	this	connection	-PRON-	be	difficult	to	keep	out	of	mind	that	other	toryish	administrator	of	the	quarterly	bombardment	of	reform	and	of	liberalistsi	mean	lockhart	(	to	whom	reference	have	already	be	make	in	the	present	volume	)	,	and	who	,	with	all	of	croker	’s	personal	gift	,	add	to	these	a	still	large	scorn	than	that	of	-PRON-	elder	associate	in	the	quarterly	conclave	,	for	those	whose	social	disability	disqualify	-PRON-	for	breathe	the	rarefy	air	which	circulate	about	albemarle	street	and	the	court	of	mr.	murray	.		
-PRON-	be	brisk	,	débonnaire	,	cheerya	famous	talker	;	not	give	to	anecdote	or	storytell	,	but	bubble	over	with	engage	booklore	and	poetic	hypothesis	,	and	eager	to	put	-PRON-	into	those	beautiful	shape	of	language	which	camea	easily	as	water	flowsto	-PRON-	pen	or	to	-PRON-	tongue	.		
-PRON-	never	forget	-PRON-	strenuous	,	highcolored	personality	,	and	the	seething	of	-PRON-	prejudiceswhether	-PRON-	talk	be	of	napoleon	(	in	which	-PRON-	be	not	reverent	of	average	british	opinion	)	,	or	of	sir	joshua	reynolds	,	or	of	burke	’s	brilliant	oratorical	apostrophe	.		
and	yet	,	somehow	,	the	memory	of	byron	do	not	seem	to	-PRON-	to	mate	well	with	either	home	or	church	quietude	,	and	-PRON-	serenity	.		
but	at	last	the	ruin	come	;	on	a	sudden	the	sheriff	be	there	;	and	clerk	with	-PRON-	inventory	in	place	of	the	tokens	"	and	annuals”with	-PRON-	gorgeous	engraving	by	finden	&	heathwhich	the	mistress	have	exploit	;	and	-PRON-	hurry	offafter	the	elegant	d’orsayto	paris	,	hop	to	rehabilitate	-PRON-	,	on	the	champs	elysées	,	under	the	wing	of	louis	napoleon	,	just	elect	president	.		
john	keats	.	yet	another	singer	of	these	day	,	in	most	earnest	sympathy	with	the	singing	mood	of	shelleyfor	whom	-PRON-	can	have	only	a	word	now	,	be	john	keats;[75	]	bear	within	the	limit	of	london	smoke	,	and	less	than	threequarter	of	a	mile	from	london	bridgeknow	in	-PRON-	boy	day	only	the	humble	,	workaday	range	of	life	;	get	some	good	latinity	and	other	school	out	of	a	mr.	clarke	(	of	the	cowden	clarke	family)read	virgil	with	-PRON-	,	but	no	greek	.		
bell	be	in	health	,	and	unvari	    	good	humor	.		
smallish	man	should	beware	how	-PRON-	copy	method	which	want	fulness	of	power	and	the	besom	of	enthusiasm	to	fill	out	-PRON-	compass	.		
mr.	william	winter	,	in	-PRON-	gray	days	and	gold	,	have	give	a	very	charming	account	of	this	home	of	moore	’s	and	of	-PRON-	neighborhoodso	full	of	english	atmosphere	,	and	of	the	grace	and	benignity	of	the	irish	poet	,	as	to	make	-PRON-	think	regretfully	of	-PRON-	tame	mention	.		
as	early	as	183540	,	lord	brougham	have	purchase	an	estate	in	the	south	of	france	,	in	a	beautiful	nook	of	that	mountain	shore	which	sweep	eastward	from	the	neighborhood	of	marseillesalong	the	mediterranean	,	and	which	so	many	traveller	now	know	by	the	delight	of	the	cornice	road	and	monaco	,	and	mentone	,	and	san	remo	.		
-PRON-	plant	,	-PRON-	build	,	-PRON-	play	the	monarch	in	those	solitude	.		
yet	mackintosh	be	always	plot	great	literary	design	;	but	-PRON-	fastidious	taste	,	and	-PRON-	critical	hunger	for	all	certainty	,	keep	-PRON-	forever	in	the	search	of	new	material	and	appliance	.		
-PRON-	peerage	,	however	,	only	save	this	wicked	lord	,	"	as	-PRON-	be	call	,	from	prison	;	and	at	newstead	-PRON-	life	smoulder	out	in	1798	,	under	cloud	of	hate	,	and	of	distrust	.		
indeed	,	-PRON-	be	halfdispos	to	repent	what	may	have	seem	a	too	flippant	mention	of	this	very	graceful	poet	and	essayist	.		
and	if	pelhamism	have	-PRON-	speedy	subsidence	,	the	same	writer	put	such	captivate	historic	garniture	and	literary	grace	about	the	italian	study	of	rienzi	,	and	of	the	last	day	of	pompeii	,	as	carry	-PRON-	now	into	most	library	,	and	insure	an	interested	readingnotwithstand	a	strong	sensuous	taint	and	sentimental	extravagance	.		
127	et	seq	.	[	41	]	john	wilson	croker	,	b.		
-PRON-	be	a	dark	day	for	-PRON-	when	-PRON-	mirror	show	wrinkle	that	-PRON-	cosmetic	would	not	cover	,	and	a	stoop	in	the	shoulder	which	-PRON-	tailor	could	not	bolster	out	of	sight	.		
yet	in	all	these	,	-PRON-	arrogate	more	than	-PRON-	share	of	the	honor	,	weary	-PRON-	associate	by	incessant	bickering	and	scolding	,	pick	flaw	in	everything	not	entirely	-PRON-	own	;	jealous	,	suspicious	,	conceit	to	the	last	degree	;	never	generous	in	praise	of	one	live	beside	-PRON-	;	an	enormous	worker	,	with	sinew	of	iron	,	and	on	occasion	(	which	be	of	record	)	speaking	and	wrangle	in	the	house	of	commons	until	two	of	the	morning	,	and	then	go	homenot	to	sleepbut	to	write	a	thirtypage	article	for	the	edinburgh	review	.		
1775	;	d.	1864	.		
with	-PRON-	macaulay	endorsement	,	-PRON-	make	a	unique	autograph	,	now	in	the	possession	of	the	messrs.	longmansbut	destine	to	find	place	eventually	among	the	manuscript	treasure	of	the	british	museum	.		
indeed	,	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	be	at	the	home	of	the	latter	that	de	quincey	first	encounter	the	tall	,	lusty	john	wilsonbrimful	of	enthusiasm	and	all	country	ardor	;	brimful	,	too	,	of	gush	,	and	all	poetic	undulation	of	speech	.		
an	infinite	capability	for	eloquent	verse	;	an	infinite	capability	for	badness	!		
lalla	rookh	.	mr.	moore	have	-PRON-	little	country	vacationsamong	-PRON-	,	that	notable	stay	up	in	the	lovely	county	of	derbyshire	,	near	to	ashbourne	and	dovedale	,	and	the	old	fishing	ground	of	walton	and	of	cottonwhere	-PRON-	write	the	large	part	of	-PRON-	first	considerable	poem	,	lalla	rookhwhich	have	amazing	success	,	and	bring	to	-PRON-	author	the	sum	of	£	3,000	.		
hucknalltorkard	be	half	way	between	nottingham	and	newstead	,	and	lie	upon	that	northern	road	which	push	past	annesley	into	the	region	of	wood	and	park	where	sherwood	forest	once	fling	-PRON-	shadow	along	the	aisle	in	which	the	bugle	note	of	master	robin	hood	wake	the	echo	.		
conversation	with	lord	byron	,	1834	.		
[	76	]	ode	to	a	nightingale	,	"	vi	.		
-PRON-	vanity	be	not	only	elastic	,	butby	-PRON-	own	bland	and	childlike	admissionsthey	seem	sometimes	almost	monumental	.		
-PRON-	be	marry	    	this	day	week	.		
one	darkest	glen	    	send	from	-PRON-	wood	of	muskrose	twin	with	jasmine	    	a	souldissolv	odor	,	to	invite	    	to	some	more	lovely	mystery	.		
-PRON-	appear	from	time	to	time	on	the	bench	of	the	upper	house	,	but	never	speak	there	.		
but	-PRON-	be	not	of	the	order	of	woman	out	of	which	be	make	martyr	for	conscience	’s	sake	.		
thou	wanderer	thro’	the	wood	,	    	how	often	have	-PRON-	spirit	turn	to	thee	!		
cuthbert	southey	,	184950	.		
-PRON-	have	publish	that	dreamy	poem	of	alastorhimself	-PRON-	poet	hero	,	as	indeed	-PRON-	be	in	a	large	sense	of	every	considerable	poem	-PRON-	write	.		
-PRON-	note	at	random	,	such	as	novelish	erector	(	for	builder	)	,	lambency	,	apricat	,	aculeat	;	use	word	not	rarely	,	etymologically	,	and	for	some	recondite	sense	attach	.		
[	38	]	smith	,	jeffrey	,	brown	,	horner	,	and	brougham	.		
this	,	at	any	rate	,	be	the	phantasmic	outline	which	a	read	leave	upon	-PRON-	own	memory	.		
grieve	no	more	!		
certain	scholastic	honor	,	too	,	-PRON-	do	reap	,	in	spite	of	-PRON-	lunge	outside	the	trace	;	there	be	a	medal	for	-PRON-	poem	of	pompeii	;	and	a	fellowship	,	at	last	,	which	give	-PRON-	a	need	,	though	small	incomehis	father	’s	afric	business	have	prove	a	failure	,	and	no	home	money	come	to	-PRON-	thereafter	.		
charles	scott	,	the	only	brother	of	the	young	sir	walter	,	die	in	1841	.		
and	what	be	-PRON-	?		
on	december	10	,	1815	,	-PRON-	daughter	ada	be	bear	;	and	on	april	25th	,	next	ensue	,	-PRON-	sail	away	from	england	forever	.		
wilson	in	scotland	.	but	all	that	delightful	life	amidst	the	wood	of	elleraywith	-PRON-	gamecock	,	and	boat	,	and	mountain	ramble	,	and	shout	chorus	of	prometheuscomes	to	a	sharp	end	.		
[	14	]	dorothy	wordsworth	,	under	date	of	1809	,	write	to	-PRON-	friend	,	lady	beaumontsurely	-PRON-	have	speak	to	-PRON-	of	mr.	wilson	,	a	young	man	of	some	fortune	,	who	have	build	a	house	in	a	very	fine	situation	not	far	from	bowness	.	…	-PRON-	have	from	boyhood	be	a	passionate	admirer	of	-PRON-	brother	’s	writing	.		
-PRON-	trace	-PRON-	from	the	keeping	of	that	passionate	motherwho	smote	-PRON-	through	and	through	with	-PRON-	own	wrathful	spiritto	the	day	when	-PRON-	utter	the	idle	"	songscoin	in	the	court	of	cambridgeand	to	those	quick	succeed	day	,	when	-PRON-	mad	verse	maddened	english	bard	and	scotch	reviewer	.		
the	peacock	’s	plume	,	the	shiver	of	the	crystal	,	the	glitter	of	babylon	,	always	charm	-PRON-	.		
listen	again	to	what	-PRON-	have	to	say	in	-PRON-	indicator	upon	a	coach	"	:	    	-PRON-	be	full	of	cushion	and	comfort	;	elegantly	color	inside	and	    	out	;	rich	yet	neat	;	light	and	rapid	,	yet	substantial	.		
-PRON-	be	    	a	very	superior	woman	,	and	very	little	spoiled	…	a	girl	of	twenty	,	    	an	only	child	and	a	savante	,	who	have	always	have	-PRON-	own	way	.	"	this	evidently	do	not	promise	a	very	ardent	correspondence	.		
yet	-PRON-	do	not	hold	place	among	great	and	popular	essay	;	not	with	macaulay	,	or	mackintosh	,	or	carlyle	,	or	even	hazlitt	.		
i.	,	p.	369	)	speak	of	a	dinner	at	lady	holland’smacaulay	be	presentwhen	-PRON-	ladyship	,	grow	tired	of	the	eloquence	of	speaker	of	the	house	of	commons	and	father	of	the	church	,	say	:	well	,	mr.	macaulay	,	can	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	anything	of	dollswhen	first	name	or	use	?	"	macaulay	be	ready	on	the	instantdilat	upon	roman	doll	and	otherscit	persius	,	veneri	donato	a	virgine	puppæ	.	"	[	86	]	see	p.	116	,	ante	.		
there	be	little	of	interest	in	campbell	’s	personal	history	;	-PRON-	marry	a	cousin	;	live	,	as	-PRON-	say	,	mostly	in	london	,	or	-PRON-	immediate	neighborhood	.		
but	-PRON-	be	not	the	man	to	lose	-PRON-	hold	on	london	;	so	-PRON-	go	over	sea	only	to	put	a	deputy	in	place	,	and	then	,	with	a	swift	run	through	-PRON-	atlantic	city	,	be	back	again	.		
abbotsford	,	66	;	    	the	author	’s	visit	to	,	67	et	seq	.	;	81	.		
[	33	]	and	-PRON-	do	at	last	come	to	the	milliongetting	,	after	-PRON-	whig	friend	come	into	power	,	and	after	the	reform	revolution	be	over	,	the	royal	appointment	to	a	canonry	in	connection	with	st.	paul	’s	cathedral	.		
in	a	few	year	,	however	,	-PRON-	secure	a	valuable	church	gift	in	yorkshire	,	where	-PRON-	build	a	rectorythe	ugliest	and	honest	house	"	in	the	countyand	entertain	london	and	scottish	friend	there	,	and	grow	to	enjoymuch	as	-PRON-	couldthe	tree	,	flower	,	and	lawn	which	-PRON-	plant	,	and	with	which	-PRON-	coquet	,	though	only	in	a	halfhearted	way	.		
indeed	-PRON-	be	not	a	little	extraordinary	that	one	of	the	most	typical	of	english	poet	,	shouldlike	landor	,	with	whom	-PRON-	have	many	trait	in	commonhave	pass	so	little	of	-PRON-	active	life	on	english	ground	.		
[	89	]	frederick	marryat	,	b.		
the	father	’s	first	london	home	be	near	by	lombard	street	,	where	-PRON-	manage	an	african	agency	under	the	firm	name	of	macaulay	&	babington	;	and	the	baby	macaulay	use	to	be	wheel	into	an	open	square	near	by	,	for	the	enjoyment	of	such	winter	’s	sunshine	as	fall	there	at	faraway	interval	.		
the	building	be	heavy	and	bald	,	without	the	win	picturesqueness	that	belong	to	so	many	old	country	church	of	yorkshire	.		
-PRON-	petulance	and	angry	sarcasm	and	frequent	illnature	make	-PRON-	a	much	hat	man	in	-PRON-	latter	day	,	and	involve	-PRON-	in	abusive	tirade	,	which	people	be	slow	to	forgive	.		
-PRON-	have	designate	two	of	the	arch	plotter	,	sydney	smith	and	jeffrey	.		
there	be	critic	who	rank	-PRON-	with	,	or	above	,	scotteven	in	fiction	.		
after	the	issue	of	-PRON-	second	couplet	of	volume	the	publisher	send	to	the	author	a	check	for	£	20,000	on	account	.		
’ti	thy	voice	from	the	kingdom	of	souls	    	faintly	answer	still	the	note	that	once	be	so	dear	.	"	and	again	:	    	dear	harp	of	-PRON-	country	!		
-PRON-	will	not	forget	the	aboubenadhem	;	"	nor	shall	-PRON-	commonness	forbid	-PRON-	setting	this	charmingly	treat	oriental	fable	,	at	the	end	of	-PRON-	mention	of	hunta	memorial	banderole	of	verse	:	    	abou	ben	adhem	(	may	-PRON-	tribe	increase	!	)		
-PRON-	notice	a	disposition	in	some	recent	writer	to	disparage	this	notable	country	home	as	pseudogothic	and	flimsy	.		
be	-PRON-	only	for	this	,	’tis	hardly	fair	to	count	-PRON-	a	mere	posturemaster	and	a	dandy	.		
hunt	’s	verse	.	but	over	all	this	-PRON-	stretch	a	veil	now	,	weave	out	of	the	little	poem	that	-PRON-	have	leave	.		
[	42	]	very	much	piquant	talk	about	george	iv	.		
adventure	of	most	hazardous	and	romantic	quality	be	not	want	under	such	an	officer	,	all	of	which	be	store	in	the	retentive	memory	of	the	enthusiastic	and	observant	midshipman	,	and	thereafter	,	for	year	succeed	,	be	strew	with	a	free	hand	over	-PRON-	tale	of	the	sea	.		
-PRON-	be	as	cruel	as	-PRON-	be	fine	;	shoot	a	peasant	once	,	in	cold	blood	,	and	drag	-PRON-	home	after	-PRON-	saddle	beast	.		
very	few	know	of	-PRON-	;	few	still	ever	read	-PRON-	.		
good	lecture	in	-PRON-	province	may	very	possibly	have	be	write	by	other	elsewheremore	close	,	more	compact	,	more	thoroughly	think	out	,	more	methodic	.		
there	be	no	need	for	that	.		
who	-PRON-	love	,	without	-PRON-	,	can	fancyor	sweet	floor	?		
but	the	curate	do	meet	often	,	and	most	intimately	,	a	certain	prim	,	delicate	,	shortstatur	,	blackeyed	,	smug	,	ambitious	,	precocious	young	advocate	name	francis	jeffrey	;	and	-PRON-	be	in	a	chamber	of	this	latterup	three	pair	of	stair	in	buccleugh	placethat	sydney	smith	,	on	a	certain	occasion	,	propose	to	the	host	and	two	or	three	other	friend	there	present	,	the	establishment	of	a	literary	journal	to	be	publish	quarterly	;	and	out	of	that	proposition	grow	straightway	that	famous	edinburgh	review	which	in	-PRON-	cover	of	buff	and	blue	have	thrive	for	over	ninety	year	nowthrow	-PRON-	hot	shot	into	all	oppose	camp	of	politic	or	of	letter	.		
-PRON-	give	relief	,	however	,	from	paternal	protection	,	until	the	husband	prove	bad	than	the	father	,	and	separation	ensuedmade	good	(	after	some	year	of	tumultuous	,	uneasy	life	)	by	the	violent	and	providential	death	of	the	recreant	husband	.		
there	be	a	spilling	of	hot	drink	of	some	sort	,	during	the	visitation	,	which	come	near	to	scald	the	lad	;	and	when	the	sympathizing	hostess	ask	after	-PRON-	suffering	:	thank	-PRON-	,	madam	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	the	agony	be	abate	!	"	the	story	be	delightfully	credible	;	and	so	be	other	pleasant	one	of	-PRON-	recite	some	of	-PRON-	doggerel	verses	to	hannah	more	and	get	a	gracious	and	approving	nod	of	-PRON-	gray	curl	and	of	-PRON-	mobcap	.		
at	-PRON-	home	there	,	amongst	the	olive	,	the	oleander	and	the	orangetree	,	the	disappointed	and	petulant	exchancellor	pass	most	of	the	later	year	of	-PRON-	life	.		
poor	childrenthey	all	drop	away	,	one	by	onetwo	only	reach	maturitythen	die	.		
-PRON-	marry	,	too	,	while	this	mountain	passion	be	on	-PRON-	,	a	young	girl	of	french	or	swiss	extractionl	like	a	lamb	into	the	lion	’s	grasp	.		
with	such	foregoer	of	-PRON-	own	name	,	one	may	look	for	bad	blood	in	the	boy	;	nor	be	-PRON-	mother	saintlike	;	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	storm	of	wrath	;	and	from	the	beginning	,	-PRON-	think	,	give	-PRON-	boy	only	cruel	milk	to	drink	.		
-PRON-	die	,	as	-PRON-	shall	find	later	,	in	the	year	1820	,	when	the	regent	succeed	,	and	reign	for	ten	year	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	in	-PRON-	next	talk	-PRON-	shall	speak	of	some	who	sing	beside	-PRON-	,	and	of	some	who	follow	;	but	of	these	not	one	have	so	rare	a	language	,	and	not	one	have	so	true	an	eye	.		
true	,	old	burleigh	be	will	not	to	complain	that	-PRON-	majesty	make	-PRON-	frequent	visit	,	and	that	every	one	cost	-PRON-	a	matter	of	two	or	three	thousand	pound	.		
[	93	]	philip	sidney	,	b.		
but	if	a	man	wander	otherwhere	and	make	report	,	-PRON-	may	tell	lie	,	and	the	lie	may	amuse	and	get	-PRON-	fame	.		
for	-PRON-	have	be	early	present	to	that	monarcheven	before	henry	have	come	to	the	throneand	have	charm	-PRON-	by	-PRON-	humor	and	-PRON-	scholarly	talk	:	so	that	when	more	come	to	live	upon	-PRON-	little	farm	at	chelsea	(	very	near	to	cheyne	row	where	carlyle	die	but	a	few	year	since	)	the	king	find	-PRON-	way	thither	on	more	than	one	occasion	;	and	there	be	story	of	-PRON-	pacing	up	and	down	the	garden	walk	in	familiar	talk	with	the	master	.		
camelot	be	not	so	easy	to	trace	:	the	name	will	not	be	find	in	the	guidebook	:	but	in	somersetshire	,	in	a	little	parish	,	call	queen	’s	camel	,	"	be	the	remain	of	vast	entrenchment	,	say	to	have	belong	to	the	tourney	ground	of	camelot	.		
as	few	and	sparse	as	then	,	what	a	range	for	enterprising	author	!		
viii	.		
(	aside	.	)	that	-PRON-	could	stab	-PRON-	standing	there	!		
the	further	story	once	obtain	that	-PRON-	go	with	a	gay	retinue	to	florence	,	where	the	list	be	openedin	the	spirit	of	an	old	chivalryto	this	stranger	knight	,	who	challenge	the	world	to	combat	-PRON-	claim	in	behalf	of	the	mythical	geraldine	.		
aldwythi	go	.		
and	out	of	these	scatter	actuality	,	as	regard	the	earl	,	sir	walter	scott	have	embroider	-PRON-	delightful	romance	.		
-PRON-	rhyme	,	as	-PRON-	tell	-PRON-	-PRON-	,	be	ragged	and	jagged	:	"	but	bad	than	this	,	-PRON-	be	often	ribald	and	rabidattack	with	fierceness	cardinal	wolseyattack	-PRON-	fellowpriest	tooso	that	-PRON-	be	compel	to	leave	-PRON-	living	:	but	-PRON-	somehow	win	a	place	afterward	in	the	royal	household	as	tutor	;	and	even	the	great	erasmus	(	who	have	come	over	from	the	low	countries	,	and	be	one	while	teach	greek	at	cambridge	)	congratulate	some	prince	of	the	royal	family	upon	the	great	advantage	-PRON-	have	in	the	service	of	such	a	special	light	and	ornament	of	british	literature	.	"	-PRON-	be	capricious	,	homely	,	never	weak	,	often	coarse	,	always	quaint	.		
23637	)	,	give	good	reason	for	doubt	this	story	which	be	base	mainly	on	the	jonsondrummond	interview	.		
the	king	’s	quair	,	from	which	quotation	be	make	,	be	write	in	1423	.		
possibly;[45	]	but	-PRON-	be	not	an	easy	journey	over	the	mountain	to	padua	in	those	day	,	even	if	petrarch	have	be	domicile	there	,	which	be	very	doubtful	;	for	the	italian	poet	,	old	and	feeble	,	pass	most	of	the	latter	year	of	-PRON-	life	at	arqua	among	the	euganean	hill	;	and	if	chaucer	have	meet	-PRON-	,	petrarch	would	have	be	more	apt	to	ask	the	man	from	faraway	,	murky	england	,	about	-PRON-	country	and	king	and	the	prince	lionel	(	dead	in	those	day	)	,	who	only	a	few	year	before	have	marry	,	at	milan	,	a	daughter	of	the	viscontithan	to	bore	-PRON-	with	a	story	at	second	hand	(	from	boccaccio	)	about	the	patient	griselda	.		
the	hakluyt	society	"	of	england	will	be	-PRON-	endure	monument	.		
for	all	that	crécy	or	-PRON-	smoking	artillery	have	to	do	with	-PRON-	song	,	-PRON-	may	have	sing	a	century	earlier	,	or	-PRON-	may	have	sing	a	century	later	.		
-PRON-	that	travelleth	    	into	a	country	before	-PRON-	hath	some	entrance	into	the	language	,	    	goeth	to	school	and	not	to	travel	.	"	    	of	friendship	:	this	communicate	of	a	man	’s	self	to	-PRON-	    	friend	,	work	two	contrary	effort	;	for	-PRON-	redoubleth	joy	    	and	cutteth	grief	in	half	.	"	again	,	of	the	advantage	of	    	talk	with	a	friend	:	certain	-PRON-	be	,	that	whosoever	hath	-PRON-	    	mind	fraught	with	many	thought	,	-PRON-	wit	and	understanding	do	    	clarify	and	break	up	,	in	the	communicating	and	discourse	with	    	another	;	-PRON-	tosseth	-PRON-	thought	more	easily	;	-PRON-	marshalleth	    	-PRON-	more	orderly	;	-PRON-	seeth	how	-PRON-	look	when	-PRON-	be	turn	    	into	word	;	finally	,	-PRON-	waxeth	wise	than	-PRON-	:	and	that	    	more	by	an	hour	discourse	than	by	a	day	meditation	.	"	thus	-PRON-	could	go	on	for	page	after	page	of	citation	which	-PRON-	would	approve	,	and	which	be	so	put	in	word	that	no	mend	or	shortening	or	deepening	of	-PRON-	force	seem	anyway	possible	.		
-PRON-	be	a	bare	rag	of	story	,	with	only	streak	of	bloodr	in	-PRON-	;	yet	how	tenderly	touch	,	and	how	pathetically	tell	,	in	chaucer	’s	tale	of	the	prioress	!		
but	from	the	date	of	wyclif	’s	translationforward	,	foreverwhatever	man	,	rich	or	poor	,	could	read	an	english	ordinance	of	the	king	,	or	a	byelaw	of	a	british	parish	,	could	alsothough	-PRON-	may	be	drive	to	stealthy	readingspell	-PRON-	way	back	,	through	the	old	aisle	of	sacred	history	,	where	moses	and	the	prophet	hold	-PRON-	place	,	and	into	the	valley	of	palestine	,	where	bethlehem	lie	,	and	where	christ	be	hang	upon	the	tree	.		
cranmer	,	latimer	,	knox	,	and	other	.	a	much	noble	figure	be	this	,	to	-PRON-	mind	,	than	that	of	cranmer,[73	]	who	appear	in	such	picturesque	light	in	the	drama	of	henry	viii.who	give	adhesion	to	royal	wish	for	divorce	upon	divorce	;	who	always	color	-PRON-	religious	allegiance	with	the	color	of	the	king	;	who	be	a	scholar	indeedlearn	,	eloquent	;	who	work	well	,	as	-PRON-	prove	,	for	the	reform	faith	;	but	who	wilt	under	the	fierce	heat	of	trial	;	would	have	seek	the	good	will	of	the	bloodthirsty	mary	;	but	who	give	even	to	-PRON-	subserviencie	a	halftone	that	bring	distrust	,	and	sofinallythe	fate	of	that	quasimartyrdom	which	have	redeem	-PRON-	memory	.		
amid	those	shadow	-PRON-	standsstartl	:	a	strong	,	sweet	figure	of	a	peasant	maiden	;	stoutly	clothe	and	simply	;	capable	of	harvestwork	with	the	strong	of	-PRON-	sisterhood	;	yet	not	coarse	;	redeem	through	every	fibre	of	body	and	soul	by	a	light	that	shin	in	-PRON-	eye	,	look	dreamily	upward	;	see	thing	other	see	not	;	hop	thing	other	hope	not	,	and	with	clenched	hand	put	emphasis	to	the	purposewhich	the	hope	and	the	vision	kindle	;	pity	-PRON-	poor	france	,	and	nerve	to	help	hera	-PRON-	didall	the	weary	and	the	troublesome	day	through	,	till	the	shameful	sacrifice	at	english	hand	,	on	the	marketplace	of	rouen	,	close	-PRON-	life	and	-PRON-	story	.		
geve	vs	this	daye	oure	dayly	breade	.		
and	what	be	the	book	,	pray	,	which	master	caxtonwho	,	for	a	wonder	,	be	a	shrewd	business	man	,	as	well	as	inclined	to	literary	waysthought	-PRON-	worth	-PRON-	while	to	set	before	the	world	?		
henry	v.	and	war	times	.	this	fifteenth	centuryin	no	chink	of	which	,	as	would	seem	,	could	any	brave	or	sweet	english	poem	find	roothold	,	be	not	a	bald	one	in	british	annal	.		
[	98	]	-PRON-	be	disinclined	,	however	,	to	accept	the	same	biographer	’s	overmild	treatment	of	the	bribetaking	,	as	a	moral	negligence”coupl	-PRON-	with	dr.	johnson	’s	moral	delinquency	of	lie	ab	in	the	morning	!		
bacon	die	,	as	-PRON-	have	say	,	in	1294	.		
an	occasional	sample	of	-PRON-	work	appear	from	time	to	time	on	the	market	even	now	;	but	not	at	price	which	be	invite	to	the	most	of	-PRON-	.		
not	very	many	year	after	thisjust	how	many	-PRON-	can	not	saycomes	the	great	tragedy	of	-PRON-	life	:	a	new	irish	rebellion	(	that	of	tyrone	)	send	up	-PRON-	tide	of	fire	and	blood	around	-PRON-	home	of	kilcolman	;	-PRON-	crop	,	-PRON-	barn	,	-PRON-	cattle	,	-PRON-	poor	babe[92]the	last	bornall	be	smother	,	and	consume	away	in	that	fiery	wrack	and	ruin	.		
the	king	come	home	,	-PRON-	will	remember	,	by	the	way	of	austria	,	and	be	catch	and	cage	there	many	monthsfor	a	time	none	of	-PRON-	people	know	where	-PRON-	be	:	this	be	good	romance	and	history	too	.		
this	be	john	knox,[78	]	a	near	contemporary	though	something	young	than	most	-PRON-	have	name	,	and	not	ripen	to	-PRON-	great	power	till	henry	viii	.		
thy	wyll	be	fulfil	,	as	well	in	erth	,	as	hit	    	ys	in	heven	.		
vii	.	)		
[	51	]	dean	stanley	,	without	doubt	in	error	,	in	measure	the	pilgrimage	by	twentyfour	hour	.		
a.	buchon	)	,	tome	iii	.	,	p.	236	.		
-PRON-	make	honey	out	of	coarse	flower	;	not	so	sure	alwaysnor	much	caring	to	be	sureof	the	name	and	habitude	of	the	plant	-PRON-	rifle	.		
shakespeare	,	also	,	at	a	time	not	far	remove	from	lyly	’s	conquest	,	perhaps	intend	a	slap	at	the	euphuistic	craze,[96	]	in	the	pedant	schoolmaster	’s	talk	of	love	’s	labor	’s	lost	.	"	yet	there	be	a	certain	good	in	this	massing	of	epithet	,	and	in	this	tesselat	cumulation	of	nice	bit	of	language	,	from	which	the	more	wary	and	skilful	of	writer	could	choosea	from	a	great	vocabularywhat	word	be	clean	and	clear	.		
after	printing	be	invent	,	and	an	easy	way	of	make	book	be	in	vogue	than	the	old	one	of	tediously	copy	-PRON-	upon	parchmenti	say	in	this	new	day	of	print	a	certain	sir	thomas	mallory	,	who	live	at	the	same	time	with	caxton	,	the	first	english	printer	,	do	,	at	the	instance	,	-PRON-	think	,	of	that	printerput	all	these	legend	-PRON-	speak	of	into	rather	stiff	,	homely	english	prosecopying	,	caxton	tell	-PRON-	,	from	a	french	original	:	but	no	such	full	french	original	have	be	find	;	and	the	presumption	be	that	mallory	borrow	(	as	so	many	bookmaker	do	and	do	)	up	and	down	,	from	a	world	of	manuscript	.		
yet	withal	,	this	chaucer	be	in	some	sense	a	man	of	the	world	and	courtier	.		
a	large	portion	of	the	old	religious	house	,	keep	in	excellent	repair	,	and	very	charming	with	-PRON-	growth	of	ivy	and	-PRON-	embowering	shade	,	be	hold	in	private	handsbeing	the	occasional	residence	of	the	duke	of	cleveland	.		
[	19	]	among	other	direct	arthurian	growth	may	be	note	morris	’s	defence	of	guinevere	;	arnold	’s	tristram	and	issult	;	quinet	’s	merlin	,	wagner	’s	operatic	poems	,	and	smith	’s	edwin	of	deira	.		
1615	.		
before	the	plot	be	carry	out	,	the	prince	agree	privately	with	poins	(	one	of	the	rogue	)	to	put	a	trick	upon	falstaff	:	poin	and	the	prince	will	slip	away	in	the	dusklet	falstaff	and	-PRON-	companion	do	the	robbing	;	then	,	suddenlydisguis	in	buckram	suitspounce	on	-PRON-	and	seize	the	booty	.		
there	could	be	no	great	mistake	.		
-PRON-	tell	of	the	barons’	wars	,	of	the	misery	of	queen	margaret	,	of	how	david	kill	goliath	,	of	moses	in	the	burn	bushin	line	count	by	thousand	;	paradise	lose	stretch	six	time	over	would	not	equal	-PRON-	pile	of	print	;	and	all	the	verse	that	goldsmith	ever	write	,	compare	with	drayton	’s	portentous	mass	would	seem	like	an	iridescent	bit	of	cockleshell	upon	a	sea	of	ink	.		
but	there	be	a	welsh	monkgeoffrey	of	monmouth[13]liv	just	on	the	border	of	wales	,	and	probably	not	therefore	bring	into	close	connection	with	this	new	norman	elementwho	write	(	about	one	hundred	year	after	the	conquest	)	a	halfearn	and	mostlyfabulous	british	chronicle	.		
spenser	see	much	of	this	fiery	work	;	and	-PRON-	blaze	redden	some	of	the	page	of	the	faery	queen	.		
who	appear	now	upon	the	throne	,	and	who	be	not	a	very	noticeable	man	,	save	for	-PRON-	kingship	,	-PRON-	will	remember	as	the	little	son	of	john	of	gaunt	,	who	play	about	chaucer	’s	knee	;	-PRON-	will	remember	-PRON-	further	as	give	title	to	a	pair	of	shakespeare	’s	play	,	in	which	appear	for	the	first	time	that	semihistoric	characterthat	enormous	wallet	of	flesh	,	that	egregious	villain	,	that	man	of	a	prodigious	humor	,	all	in	onejack	falstaff	.		
but	-PRON-	believe	most	of	all	in	the	full	utterance	of	-PRON-	belief	,	and	in	experimenting	,	and	in	interrogate	nature	,	and	distrusting	conventionalism	,	and	in	search	for	-PRON-	into	all	the	mystery	,	whether	of	nature	or	theology	.		
-PRON-	anatomie	of	abuses	first	publish	in	1583	.		
-PRON-	-PRON-	have	think	good	to	imitate	the	italy	fashion	by	    	this	forked	cutting	of	meate	not	only	while	-PRON-	be	in	italy	,	but	    	also	in	germany	,	and	oftentimes	in	england	,	since	-PRON-	come	home	.	"	thus	-PRON-	may	connect	the	history	of	silver	fork	with	tom	coryat	’s	crudity	,	and	with	the	first	report	footjourney	of	an	englishman	over	the	length	and	breadth	of	europe	.		
yet	even	at	a	time	when	the	writer	of	such	psalmody	receive	small	crumb	of	favor	from	the	court	,	the	english	bible	be	by	no	mean	a	freegoer	into	all	company	.		
1563	;	d.	1631	.		
at	last	-PRON-	have	-PRON-	trippingly	;	soschoolward	and	homeward	,	              	as	-PRON-	cam	to	and	fro	    	full	merrily	than	would	-PRON-	sing	and	crie	,	    	o	alma	redemptoris	ever	mó	,	    	the	sweetnesse	hath	-PRON-	hertë	perc	so	.		
-PRON-	be	in	1477	that	william	caxton	issue	the	first	book	,	print	with	a	date	,	in	england	.		
but	there	be	some	to	be	remember	too	:	there	be	william	camdento	whom	-PRON-	have	briefly	allude	alreadyand	of	whom	,	when	-PRON-	read	good	history	of	this	and	precede	reign	,	-PRON-	will	find	frequent	mention	.		
king	.	o	kate	,	[	loftily	]	nice	custom	courtesy	to	great	    	king	:	here	come	-PRON-	father	.		
and	travel	merchant	find	-PRON-	way	to	such	homesbring	glass	bead	from	venice	,	and	little	dainty	mirror	,	just	now	the	vogue	in	that	great	city	by	the	sea	;	and	velvet	and	filigree	headdress	,	and	jewel	and	bit	of	tapestry	from	flemish	city	.		
ed	.	)		
also	,	moder	,	-PRON-	herd	while	in	london	ther	be	a	goodly	young	    	woman	to	marry	whyche	be	daughter	to	one	seff	,	a	mercer	,	and	    	-PRON-	will	have	200	pound	in	money	to	-PRON-	marriage	,	and	20	£	by	    	year	after	the	dysesse	of	a	stepmoder	of	-PRON-	,	whiche	be	upon	    	50	yeere	of	age	:	and	fore	-PRON-	depart	out	o’	lunnon	,	-PRON-	spak	    	with	some	of	the	mayd	’s	friend	,	and	hav	get	-PRON-	good	    	wille	to	hav	-PRON-	married	to	-PRON-	broder	edmond	.		
king	.	can	any	of	-PRON-	neighbor	tell	,	kate	?		
this	which	follow	,	tell	how	a	young	gallant	should	behave	-PRON-	in	an	ordinary	:	    	be	arrive	in	the	room	,	salute	not	any	but	those	of	-PRON-	    	acquaintance	;	walke	up	and	downe	by	the	rest	as	scornfully	and	    	as	carelessly	as	a	gentlemanusher	:	select	some	friend	(	have	    	first	throwne	off	-PRON-	cloake	)	to	walke	up	and	downe	the	roome	    	with	-PRON-	,	…	and	this	will	be	a	meane	to	publish	-PRON-	clothe	    	better	than	powles	,	a	tenniscourt	,	or	a	playhouse	;	discourse	    	as	lowd	as	-PRON-	can	,	no	matter	to	what	purpose	if	-PRON-	but	make	    	a	noise	,	and	laugh	in	fashion	,	and	have	a	good	sower	face	to	    	promise	quarrel	,	-PRON-	shall	be	much	observed	.		
[	69	]	by	the	same	standard	the	average	earl	have	a	revenue	of	£	20,000	,	and	the	rich	of	the	peer	be	put	down	at	a	probable	income	of	three	time	this	amount	.		
but	the	big	knight	blurt	outa	plague	on	all	coward	!	"	-PRON-	have	be	beset	,	while	the	prince	have	sneak	away	;	the	spoil	be	go	:	    	-PRON-	be	a	rogue	,	if	-PRON-	be	not	at	half	a	sword	with	a	dozen	of	    	-PRON-	two	hour	together	;	-PRON-	have	scap	by	a	miracle	;	-PRON-	be	eight	    	time	thrust	thro’	the	doubletfour	thro’	the	hose	.		
[	94	]	the	first	edition	of	rinaldo	be	print	at	venice	in	1562	:	this	great	epic	be	complete	at	padua	in	1575	.		
but	-PRON-	do	stay	long	enough	to	get	a	thorough	taste	for	learning	,	and	a	thorough	grounding	in	-PRON-	.		
of	england	,	francis	i.	of	france	,	and	charles	v.	of	spain	,	germany	,	and	the	low	countries	.		
-PRON-	answer	hath	be	,	would	-PRON-	have	blot	a	thousand	.		
see	also	trans	.		
if	-PRON-	keep	by	the	strict	letter	of	history	,	there	be	little	of	literary	interest	in	that	short	reign	of	hisonly	fourteen	year	.		
if	thy	estate	be	good	,	    	match	near	home	and	at	leisure	:	if	weakfar	off	,	and	quickly	.		
philip	sidney	.	meantime	what	have	become	of	that	philip	sidney[93	]	who	flash	upon	-PRON-	under	the	eye	of	elizabeth	at	the	age	of	twentyfour	?		
clothmaker	come	over	from	flanders	and	make	settlement	in	england	.		
sotheli	an	other	of	-PRON-	discipli	saide	to	hymlord	,	    	suffre	-PRON-	go	first	and	birye	-PRON-	fadir	.		
good	edition	of	work	edit	by	rev.		
shall	-PRON-	meet	again	?		
[	110	]	there	be	an	exquisite	sonnet	usually	attribute	to	-PRON-	beginningsince	there	’	no	help	,	come	let	-PRON-	kiss	and	part	;	"	but	this	be	so	very	much	good	than	all	-PRON-	other	sonnet	,	that	-PRON-	can	not	help	share	the	doubt	of	those	who	question	-PRON-	drayton	origin	.		
forsothe	jhesus	saide	to	    	hym	,	sue	thou	-PRON-	,	and	late	dede	man	birye	-PRON-	dead	man	.	"	-PRON-	be	surely	not	very	hard	reading;still	less	so	in	the	form	as	revise	by	purvey,[39	]	an	old	assistant	of	-PRON-	in	the	parish	of	lutterworth	;	and	-PRON-	make	the	groundwork	of	an	english	sacred	dialect	,	which	with	-PRON-	thees	and	thous	and	speaketh	and	heareth	and	prayeth	have	give	-PRON-	flavor	to	all	succeed	translation	,	and	to	all	utterance	of	praise	and	thanksgiving	in	every	english	pulpit	.		
before	the	first	quarter	of	the	century	have	pass	,	the	monk	luther	have	paste	-PRON-	ticket	upon	the	door	of	the	church	at	wittenberg	;	and	that	other	soldiermonk	,	loyola	,	be	astir	with	the	beginning	of	jesuitism	.		
king	.	[	explosively	and	deliciously	.	]		
muratori	(	annali	)	mention	petrarch	as	seat	among	the	princely	gueststanta	era	la	di	lui	riputazionebut	there	be	,	naturally	enough	,	no	naming	of	chaucer	or	froissart	.		
remember	-PRON-	have	no	father	;	and	-PRON-	have	little	    	enoughif	not	too	little	,	regard	-PRON-	kind	,	nosimple	    	mother	’s	wholesome	advice	.	"	    	and	again	:	look	well	to	-PRON-	health	;	sup	not	,	nor	sit	not	up	    	late	;	surely	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	drinking	near	to	bedtime	hindereth	    	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	brother	’s	digestion	very	much	:	-PRON-	never	know	any	    	but	sickly	that	use	-PRON-	;	besides	ill	for	head	and	eye	.	"	and	    	again	,	in	postscript	:	-PRON-	trust	-PRON-	,	with	yr	servant	,	use	    	prayer	twice	in	a	day	,	have	be	where	reformation	be	.		
