Nora (looking at him anxiously).		
Nora (rising).		
Was there anything else to understand except what was obvious to all the worlda heartless woman jilts a man when a more lucrative chance turns up?		
And then, in the spring, to float up to the surface, all horrible and unrecognisable, with your hair fallen out Nora.		
Rank (with a searching look at her).		
If you are well enough?		
The child shall have her way.		
Rank.		
Rank.		
Just think how a guilty man like that has to lie and play the hypocrite with every one, how he has to wear a mask in the presence of those near and dear to him, even before his own wife and children.		
Nora (looking at him).		
I can't do it any other way.		
some slight internal weakness?		
I!		
I did it for your sake, and this is how you repay me.		
And thanks for the light.		
Certainlyall the respect he deserves.		
Nora.		
But it was often very hard on me, Christinebecause it is delightful to be really well dressed, isn't it?		
Maid.		
But, Mr. Krogstad, I have no influence.		
He was very near his end.		
We two?		
Helmer's refined nature gives him an unconquerable disgust at everything that is ugly; I won't have him in my sickroom.		
Nora (smiling and humming).		
Nora (after a short pause, during which she busies herself with the Christmas Tree.)		
How should you understand it?		
Nora.		
My goodness, can't you understand that?		
I have no doubt you have.		
I am afraid I can't take credit for that.		
Look here; take this letter and go downstairs with it at once.		
Mrs. Linde.		
Nora (with a stifled cry, turns round and gets up on to her knees).		
But I have completely forgotten to thank you for a delightful evening yesterday.		
I think so, too.		
Good heavens!went away altogether?		
Goodbye for the present.		
Last winter I was lucky enough to get a lot of copying to do; so I locked myself up and sat writing every evening until quite late at night.		
How good of you to come!		
Do you ask me to believe that you were brave enough to run a risk to save your wife's life?		
Your letter is lying in the letterbox now.		
Nora.		
Goodnight, Mr. Helmer.		
No, no; not tonight.		
No, really, I Nora.		
May I venture at last to come into my own room again?		
Nora.		
Children.		
Krogstad.		
Helmer (with a start).		
Rank.		
Everyone thought so at the dance.		
But it didn't bite you?		
Don't go to him; he will do you some harm.		
Nora.		
I shouldn't have thought so.		
(Takes the letter, and shuts the door.)		
Rank.		
Nora.		
Is anything likely to happen?		
What are all those papers?		
Believe me, Nora, that's the best thing for both of you.		
Krogstad.		
NORA dances more and more wildly.		
No, no, no!		
(The MAID appears in the doorway to the right.)		
Nora.		
Nora (in a hoarse whisper).		
Now play for me!		
Mrs. Linde.		
It was one of those rash friendships that so often prove an incubus in afterlife.		
Your skylark would chirp about in every room, with her song rising and falling Helmer.		
Rank.		
Helmer.		
Very well, I will think it over, we shall manage to hit upon something.		
Nora.		
You must give yourself up to me entirely this evening.		
Nora, Nora, and you would be a party to that sort of thing?		
Torvaldwhat was that letter?		
Mrs. Linde.		
You can do nothing for me now.		
I think I have the right to be.		
'Twas to meet him that Peter Kanzler sent me hither.		
How I hate him!		
Peter Kanzler?		
Now, by my knightly honour, ere the year be past, you shall sit as my wife in the hall of my fathers.		
It is of older date.		
Count Sturedo you obey me or not?		
ELINA.		
ELINA.		
I have recklessly squandered them, as a ransom for his freedom.		
King Christiern and others after him have swept bare our ancient houses.		
Ah, I have it, I have it!		
NILS LYKKE.		
Nay, naynot at my feet, but at my side is your place,should fate set me never so high.		
'Twas but reason.		
You have called the people to arms.		
And in an hour of terror I have signed away his rights.		
NILS LYKKE.		
Ay, of that our first meeting has assured me.		
And next?		
Even so, to my sorrow;since my business at Ostrat is over.		
Nay, that you may be sure I never shall.But you to whom I have given my word,tell mewho are you?		
LADY INGER (after a moment's thought, turns suddenly in her chair to OLAF SKAKTAVL and whispers).		
And that this may be the less hard for youand as I have begun once for all to speak to you plainly and openlylet me tell you   ELINA.		
LADY INGER.		
He bade me set out for Norway and go to Ostrat, where I must be on a certain fixed day   NILS LYKKE (nods).		
Nothing.		
But, mark well, not so long as Gustav Vasa holds the helm; his reckoning with Denmark is not settled yet, and mayhap never will be.		
NILS STENSSON.		
And let that man be placed under close guard in the castle dungeon.		
That you shall have.		
I look for quite other sport.		
NILS LYKKE.		
I?		
ELINA.		
Fortune has never failed me in a war with women.		
ELINA.		
I rejoice to hear it; For that was my design.		
(LADY INGER GYLDENLOVE enters from the hall along with       OLAF SKAKTAVL.)		
You are keensighted, I perceive.		
Have I power to be untrue to you, even if I would?you came by night; you knocked upon my door;and I opened to you.		
Be sure Lady Inger Gyldenlove has as many hidingplaces as the fox, and more than one outlet to them.		
NILS LYKKE.		
LADY INGER (looks out).		
Go but your own way, and you are as sure of the halter as you are of a Count's title and a chain of gold if you trust to me.		
Add to all this the hope of becoming your soninlaw   LADY INGER.		
Farewell.		
Well, be it so, thought I; never again will you be a Count in this life; why not try what 'tis like for once?		
This too for Olaf Skaktavl.		
Tell me but!		
Lady Inger Gyldenlove?		
You tremble for your son's safety.		
OLAF SKAKTAVL.		
Be sure I shall need all my guile here, if I am to face my foe with even weapons.		
Five years ago Merete* went forth from Ostrat; now she dwells in Bergen and is Vinzents Lunge's** wife.		
Nay, nay; you mistake me.		
Go to the window, and there you will find pastime;a stormtossed sea   NILS LYKKE (smiles).		
JENS BIELKE.		
I will tell you how it came about.		
True enough;but let that trouble you no more.		
And then she added somewhat that I heard not rightly.		
FINN (in the same tone).		
Then we could safely say to you Norwegians: "Take back your old ancestral rights; choose you a ruler after your own mind; be our friends in need, as we will be in yours!"		
Lucia.		
the chance, namely, that there should exist in Sweden a man entitled by his birth to claim election to the kingship.		
And Jens Bielke in wait on the road!		
JENS BIELKE.		
Both Olaf Skaktavl and Inger Gyldenlove seem blind to the mistrust 'twill waken, when 'tis rumoured that I am in their league.Or can Lady Inger have seen through my purpose?		
ELINA (to herself).		
OLAF SKAKTAVL.		
Haste you now!		
I know my reckoning, and I fear it not.		
From Peter Kanzler.		
NILS LYKKE (aside, to LADY INGER).		
Ay, that sharpens the wits!		
It is a dangerous game that I have ventured this night.		
Ay, trulyshe is bringing him!		
(Goes out to the left.)		
LADY INGER.		
'Twas a farewell token from a courtly lady when I set forth from Trondhiem this morning.But mark me, noble maiden,were I to offer you a gift that were fully worthy of you, it could be naught less than a princely crown.		
NILS LYKKE.		
In the South, a good part of the nobles are for the Dane; but here in the North they are still in doubt.		
It is well; he has said as much to me.		
LADY INGER.		
No, he persisted in his opinion; and it was only when I got out your letters and translated to him all the passages that referred to my father Mrs. Alving.		
I said, "I daresay it might be managed"or something of that sort.		
Manders.		
Mrs. Alving!		
But where is she to go?		
No, thank you, Mrs. Alving.		
More abominable than what you have told me!		
Engstrand.		
I should like very much to live in town.		
Mrs. Alving.		
Oh, well then, the best thing I can do is to get away by the boat as soon as I can.		
She stops in the doorway with a stifled cry.)		
I could endure all that, my friend.		
Manders.		
Our little prayermeeting was the cause of it all, don't you see?		
When Oswald came in at that door with the pipe in his mouth, I thought for the moment it was his father in the flesh.		
That may be so; but I don't attach importance to those obligations and considerations any longer.		
Regina (to herself).		
Just suppose, sir, for a moment that your reverence was in the same predicament as my poor Joanna.		
Manders.		
Hasn't he even got his hat?		
You are the best friend I have in the world.		
Mrs. Alving Mrs. Alving.		
Besides, he is going out.		
Mother, will dinner soon be ready?		
You went out into the world very young, my dear Oswald.		
(Follows them out.)		
Manders.		
Menders.		
Let us hope not.		
Nevereven in my most secret thoughtshave I for a moment regarded you as anything but the wife of another.		
Perhaps I had better go.		
Now then, what do you think of him, Mrs Alving!		
What unseemly levity on his part!		
My husband had his will of the girland that intimacy had consequences, Mr. Manders.		
You may well say so.		
Mrs. Alving.		
Not in this ghastly weather, when there isn't a blink of sunshine all day long.		
But, instead of that, you rebelliously cast off your cross, you deserted the man whose stumbling footsteps you should have supported, you did what was bound to imperil your good name and reputation, and came very near to imperilling the reputation of others into the bargain.		
With you!		
Menders.		
Oswald (smiling sadly).		
And without destroying anyone's ideals.		
Certainly not.		
There is nothing wrong with Regina, is there?		
Manders.		
Yes, distinctly.		
You should have considered it your bounden duty humbly to have borne the cross that a higher will had laid upon you.		
But he assured me that he saw her every day.		
Yes, am I not a lucky woman!		
Mrs. Alving.		
Excuse me for being so long; but I had to go to the cellar.		
Mrs. Alving.		
You are quite welcome to it, Regina.		
Yes, you ought not to expose yourself to that.		
Your project attracts me enormously.		
But it is most unseemly behaviour, for all that.		
That and nothing else.		
I believe I am, sir, truly.		
Yes, indeed one can; because here stand I, Jacob Engstrand.		
Hm!do you.		
You know you don't like smoking in there.		
Manders.		
(REGINA shuts the doors and remains standing by the hall door.		
Oswald.		
Was that how it was, my good fellow?		
Good.		
Manders.		
Manders (calming her).Leave it to me!		
Engstrand.		
Ah, that is what it was!		
Heaven forbid!		
Engstrand.		
Menders.		
I had been taught about duty, and the sort of thing that I believed in so long here.		
To think that the glorious freedom of the beautiful life over there should be so besmirched!		
No, thanks; I think I will go out for a bit.		
Manders.		
Mrs. Alving (coming in from the garden).		
Manders.		
First of all I must ask you a question.		
I know, Mrs. Alving; that praise I will give you.		
Going away!		
