APRIL   If you had come away with me   into another state   we had been quiet together.		
To have legs and a silly head   and to smell, pah!		
Night is a room   darkened for lovers,   through the jalousies the sun   has sent one gold needle!		
There is   no good in the world except out of   a woman and certain women alone   for certain things.		
It is in this town that the saloon is situated,   close to the railroad track, close as may be, this side   being dry, dry, dry: two people listening on opposite   sides of a wall!The Day Nursery had sixtyfive   babies the week before last, so my wife's eyes shine   and her cheeks are pink and I cannot see a blemish.		
I am   bound more to my sentences   the more you batter at me   to follow you.		
Time is a green orchid.		
Must I go home filled   with a bad poem?		
THE HUNTER   In the flashes and black shadows   of July   the days, locked in each other's arms,   seem still   so that squirrels and colored birds   go about at ease over   the branches and through the air.		
I sit   examining my red handful.		
Twirl the wheel!		
Since childhood, since childhood!		
Let's have one!"		
Screams!		
ARRIVAL   And yet one arrives somehow,   finds himself loosening the hooks of   her dress   in a strange bedroom   feels the autumn   dropping its silk and linen leaves   about her ankles.		
You will not let him in.		
Nowhere.		
there is no escape!   An interminable talking, talking,   talking ... it has happened before.		
sighed he gaily   leaning out to see   up and down the street   where a heavy sunlight   lay beyond some blue shadows.		
Winds of the white poppy!		
THE NIGHTINGALES   My shoes as I lean   unlacing them   stand out upon   flat worsted flowers   under my feet.		
Not wholly insufflated   the blackbirds in the rain   upon the dead topbranches   of the living tree,   stuck fast to the low clouds,   notate the dawn.		
TO WAKEN AN OLD LADY   Old age is   a flight of small   cheeping birds   skimming   bare trees   above a snow glaze.		
and come!		
Food!		
But what if   I arrive like a turtle   with my house on my back or   a fish ogling from under water?		
Gulls' cries in a windgust   broken by the wind; calculating wings set above   the field of waves breaking.		
The children flitting about above stairs.		
But there comes   between me and these things   a letter   or even a lookwell placed,   you understand,   so that I am confused, twisted   four ways andleft flat,   unable to lift the food to   my own mouth:   Here is what they say: Come!		
SPOUTS   In this world of   as fine a pair of breasts   as ever I saw   the fountain in   Madison Square   spouts up of water   a white tree   that dies and lives   as the rocking water   in the basin   turns from the stonerim   back upon the jet   and rising there   reflectively drops down again.		
LIGHT HEARTED WILLIAM   Light hearted William twirled   his November moustaches   and, half dressed, looked   from the bedroom window   upon the spring weather.		
The door opens.		
The open streetdoor lets in the breath of   the morning wind from over the lake.		
THE COLD NIGHT   It is cold.		
A GOODNIGHT   Go to sleepthough of course you will not   to tideless waves thundering slantwise against   strong embankments, rattle and swish of spray   dashed thirty feet high, caught by the lake wind,   scattered and strewn broadcast in over the steady   car rails!		
Offal!		
COMPLETE DESTRUCTION   It was an icy day.		
Backward, backward, backward.		
Then   the sun!		
She has had her   hand on you!Well?She has defiled   ME.Your leaves are dull, thick   and hairy.Every hair on my body will   hold you off from me.		
There is not a spot or a stain   on their satin toes or their sides.		
It's the fillip of novelty.		
Fling yourselves upon          their empty roses                 cut savagely!		
Fighters.		
It will not do.		
This way ma'm!		
THE POOR   By constantly tormenting them   with reminders of the lice in   their children's hair, the   School Physician first   brought their hatred down on him,   But by this familiarity   they grew used to him, and so,   at last,   took him for their friend and adviser.		
Thirtyfive years   I lived with my husband.		
TIME THE HANGMAN   Poor old Abner, old whitehaired nigger!		
A liquid moon   moves gently among   the long branches.		
Colored cooks sweating   in a small kitchen.		
GREAT MULLEN   One leaves his leaves at home   being a mullen and sends up a lighthouse   to peer from: I will have my way,   yellowA mast with a lantern, ten   fifty, a hundred, smaller and smaller   as they grow moreLiar, liar, liar!		
Covertly the hands of a great clock   go round and round!		
my head is in the air   but who am I...?		
Ah, March              Flowers are a tiresome pastime.		
Hand in hand little winds   blow the thin streams aslant.		
The end.		
She is sick,   perhaps vomiting,   perhaps laboring   to give birth to   a tenth child.		
Butstirred, the eye seizes   for the first timeThe eye awake!   anything, a dirt bank with green stars   of scrawny weed flattened upon it under   a weight of airFor the first time!   or a yawning depth: Big!		
I wanted you   in spite of all they'd say   Rain and light, mountain and rain,   rain and river.		
EPITAPH   An old willow with hollow branches   slowly swayed his few high bright tendrils   and sang:   Love is a young green willow   shimmering at the bare wood's edge.		
Under the leafy trees   where the suburban streets   lay crossed,   with houses on each corner,   tangled shadows had begun   to join   the roadway and the lawns.		
Later I watch them   descending the stair,   hurrying through the doors   and round the table,   moving stiffly   with a shake of their gay pompoms!		
Nimbly the shadows   of my fingers play   unlacing   over shoes and flowers.		
White thighs of the sky!		
TULIP BED   The May sunwhom   all things imitate   that glues small leaves to   the wooden trees   shone from the sky   through bluegauze clouds   upon the ground.		
Hagh!		
A toad to Diana!		
It is the sting of snow, the burning liquor of   the moonlight, the rush of rain in the gutters packed   with dead leaves: go to sleep, go to sleep.		
The man turns and there   his solitary track stretched out   upon the world.		
I sit above my head   a little removedor   a thin wash of rain on the roadway   I am never afraid when he is driving,   interposes new direction,   rides us sidewise, unforseen   into the ditch!		
All the colors.		
Berket in high spirits"Ha, oranges!		
Were they to   move quickly and at once the whole   secret would be out and the shuffling   of all ants be done forever.		
Trees vanishreappearvanish:   detached dance of gnomesas a talk   dodging remarks, glows and fades.		
He would have you sit under your desk lamp   brooding, pondering; he would have you   slide out the drawer, take up the ornamented dagger   and handle it.		
If it were not so dark in this shed one could better   see the white.		
In time: twoeight!		
I smile, enter and   shake off the cold.		
And if   I do not go I remain stale to   myself and if I go                       I have watched   the city from a distance at night   and wondered why I wrote no poem.		
The tall Irishman in a Prince Albert and the usual   striped trousers is going to sing for us.		
The white moon   is up among her scattered stars   like the bare thighs of   the Police Seargent's wifeamong   her five children....   No answer.		
The little owleyed and thickset lady with masses   of grey hair has smooth pink cheeks without a wrinkle.		
Each age has its perfections but the praise differs.		
But of first importance is to realize that the imagination leads and the deed comes behind.		
Here’s nothing to lead you astray.		
Later in the year let the worst out.		
Coughs go singing on springtime paths across a field; corruption picks strawberries and slow warping of the mind, blacking the deadly walls—counted and recounted—rolls in the grass and shouts ecstatically.		
Wallace Stevens. I wish that I might here set down my Vortex” after the fashion of London, 1913, stating how little it means to me whether I live here, there or elsewhere or succeed in this, that or the other so long as I can keep my mind free from the trammels of literature, beating down every attack of its retiarii with my mirmillones.		
There is much heavy breathing, many tight shut lips, a smothered laugh whiles, two laughs cracking together, three together sometimes and then a burst of wind lifting the dust again.		
But summer is up among the huckleberries near the path’s end and snakes’ eggs lie curling in the sun on the lonely summit.		
A fish swimming in a pond, were his back white and his belly green, would be easily perceived from above by hawks against the dark depths of water and from below by larger fish against the penetrant light of the sky.		
Lean on my shoulder little one, you too.		
The complaints of an old man dying piecemeal are starling chirrups.		
It’s all in the imagination.		
There’s no dancing save in the head’s dark.		
A country whose flowers are without perfume and whose girls lack modesty—the saying goes—.		
In France, the country of Rabelais, they know that the world is not made up entirely of virgins.		
But how she bedizens the countryside.		
Here among these farms how the year has aged, yet here’s last year and the year before and all years.		
The screaming brat’s a sheep bleating, the rattling cribside sheep shaking a bush.		
Then my wife’s mother told me the same old thing, how a girl in their village jilted him years back.		
Stars.		
Now an evil odor can be pursued with praiseworthy ardor leading to great natural activity whereas a flowery skinned virgin may and no doubt often does allow herself to fall into destructive habits of neglect.		
Upon the Jepson filet Eliot balances his mushroom.		
I become hot.		
The nights are long for lice combing or moon dodging—and the net comes in empty again.		
THIS is the only upcadence.		
2 You cannot hold spirit round the arms but it takes lies for wings, turns poplar leaf and flutters off—leaving the old stalk desolate.		
However their strength will revive if it may be and finding a sweetness on the tongue of which they had no foreknowledge they set to work again with renewed vigor. 2 How smoothly the car runs.		
Here is dancing!		
The sun’s self’s a chancre low in the west.		
1 Throw that flower in the waste basket, it’s faded.		
Eclipse of all things; sun’s self turned hen’s rump.		
Come with me!		
Bed’s at fault!		
you’ll break my backbone.		
He does not, however, know everything, not by more than half.		
She left early and he restless at some impalpable delay apologized suddenly and went off with two friends, his great, lean bulk twitching agilely.		
Dear fat Stevens, thawing out so beautifully at forty!		
By this time boredom takes a hand and the play’s ended.		
But the summit of United States achievement, according to Mr. J.—who can discourse on Catullus—is that very beautiful poem of Eliot’s, La Figlia Que Piange: just the right amount of everything drained through, etc., etc., etc., etc., the rhythm delicately studied and—IT CONFORMS!		
After this Kreymborg might push his way to the front and read Jack’s House.		
If one shut the door of a house he is to that extent a carpenter. Coda Outside, the north wind, coming and passing, swelling and dying, lifts the frozen sand   drives it arattle against the lidless windows   and we   my dear   sit   stroking the cat   stroking the cat and smiling sleepily, prrrrr.		
Seeing the distant city bathed in moonlight and staring seriously at them they liken the moon to a cow and its light to milk. XII.		
Your children?		
Drive her in!		
Encouragé vos musiciens! Ask them to play faster.		
1.		
Gathering from their remarks that it is of some sharp business by which they have all made an inordinate profit, he allows his thoughts to play back upon the current of his own life.		
Ha, clouds will touch world’s edge and the great pink mallow stand singly in the wet, topping reeds and—a closet full of clothes and good shoes and mythirtyyear’smaster’sdaughter’s two cows for me to care for and a winter room with a fire in it—.		
*       *       *       *       * * * Age and youth are great flatterers.		
*       *       *       *       * * * All things brought under the hand of the possessor crumble to nothingness.		
E. P. is the best enemy United States verse has.		
And so it may be that once upon the way the end drives back upon the beginning and a stoppage will occur.		
Contessa de Alba! Never was there such a lewd wonder in the streets of Newark!		
Quit phrase making—that is, not of course—but you will understand me or if not—why—come to breakfast sometime around evening on the fourth of January any year you please; always be punctual   where eating is concerned.		
why that way I think.		
By this chemistry is fabricated a language of the day which shifts and reveals its meaning as clouds shift and turn in the sky and sometimes send down rain or snow or hail.		
*       *       *       *       * VII.		
3 Talk as you will, say: No woman wants to bother with children in this country”;—speak of your Amsterdam and the whitest aprons and brightest doorknobs in Christendom.		
Ruin the girl?		
But he who has no power of the imagination cannot even know the full of his injury.		
It’s all of the gods, there’s nothing else worth writing of.		
Dance!		
*       *       *       *       * XI.		
And besides, he comes out with one fairly lipped cornet blast: the only distinctive U. S. contributions to the arts have been ragtime and buckdancing.		
Here’s drink of an eye that calls you.		
The joint was done up in a proper Sayre’s dressing and there really looked to be a bona fide injury.		
It would appear to the unready that the fiber of the thing is a thin jelly.		
*       *       *       *       * By virtue of works of art the beauty of woman is released to flow whither it will up and down the years.		
The young pair listen attentively to the roar of the weather.		
Idiots, it is true nothing is possessed save by dint of that vigorous conception of its perfections which is the imagination’s special province but neither is anything possessed which is not extant.		
cha!		
A nobby vest.		
Never have I heard so crushing a critique as those desolate inventions, involved halfhymns, after his first visit to a Christian sunday school. 3 This song is to Phyllis!		
Thus the house becomes a wine which has drugged them out of their senses. XXII.		
But the girl at the supper!		
Hips to the left.		
I know of no one who lives so completely in his pretences as Bogie does.		
I praise those who have the wit and courage, and the conventionality, to go direct toward their vision of perfection in an objective world where the signposts are clearly marked, viz., to London.		
Words with the bloom on them run before the imagination like the saeter girls before Peer Gynt.		
The wooden strips alone, if they are placed at all close together must be figured solid, as if it were a board fence.		
There are in reality only two or three reasons generally accepted as the causes of action.		
Where is its home?		
This is the beneficent power of the imagination.		
We might better be idle?		
Lay     the finger upon this granite.		
All the youth     That come to you, you having the knowledge     Rather than to those uninitiate     To you, marvelous old queen, give me always     A new marriage”                         But she laughed loudly     A new grip upon those garments that brushed me     In days gone by on beach, lawn, and in forest!		
May I be lifted still, up and out of terror,     Up from before the death living around me     Tom up continually and carried     Whatever way the head of your whim is,     A burr upon those streaming tatters”     But the night had fallen, she stilled me     And led me away.		
Knock the glass out!		
while     his gestures, against the     tiled wall of the dingy bathroom,     swished with ecstasy to     the familiar music of                         his old emotion.		
He will have a   heavier rain soon:     pebbles and dirt   and what not.		
LIBERTAD!		
VI.		
IGUALDAD!		
Observe     the jasmine lightness     of the moon.		
Yesjust!		
Silent, her voice entered at my eyes     And my astonished thought followed her easily:     Well, do their eyes shine, do their clothes fit?		
It’s getting dark.		
The beauty of     the terrible faces     of our nonentities     stirs me to it:     colored women     day workers     old and experienced     returning home at dusk     in cast off clothing     faces like     old Florentine oak.		
To you, O mighty, crafty prowler     After the youth of all cities, drunk     With the sight of thy archness!		
Let there pass     over the mind     the waters of     four oceans, the airs     of four skies!		
First I say this: you have seen     the strange birds, have you not, that sometimes     rest upon our river in winter?		
DANSE RUSSE     If I when my wife is sleeping     and the baby and Kathleen     are sleeping     and the sun is a flamewhite disc     in silken mists     above shining trees,     if I in my north room     danse naked, grotesquely     before my mirror     waving my shirt round my head     and singing softly to myself:     I am lonely, lonely.		
Ah!		
My two boys?		
SUMMER SONG     Wanderer moon     smiling a     faintly ironical smile     at this     brilliant, dewmoistened     summer morning,     a detached     sleepily indifferent     smile, a     wanderer’s smile,     if I should     buy a shirt     your color and     put on a necktie     sky blue     where would they carry me?		
APPEAL     You who are so mighty,     crimson salamander,     hear me once more.		
The flurry     of falling petals is ended.		
Come, move!		
Must you know everything?		
I’m tired.		
in a rush, dragging     A blunt boat on the yielding river     Suddenly I saw her!		
My hand for you!		
WINTER QUIET     Limb to limb, mouth to mouth     with the bleached grass     silver mist lies upon the back yards     among the outhouses.		
Oh then, a wreath!		
Hit it there deep under the grass.		
On a tissuethin monotone of bluegrey buds     two bluegrey birds, chasing a third,     at full cry!		
Who shall hear of us     in the time to come?		
now we are crowned!		
What do I care!		
Let them cause you to think well then of the storms     that drive many to shelter.		
Come downjoin me     for I am lonely.		
In fact     that’s no place   at all for him     up there   unceremoniously     dragging our friend out   to his own dignity!		
This is fortunate for they would     burn you to an ash otherwise.		
Ah!		
These things     astonish me beyond words.		
The gift of some endures     ten years, the gift of some twenty     and the gift of some for the time a     great house rots and is torn down.		
I worn against     the years!”         V.     But it is five o’clock.		
She is attiring herself before me     Taking shape before me for worship,     A red leaf that falls upon a stone!		
Observe     how motionless     the eaten moon     lies in the protecting lines.		
No!		
Give them the slip then;     let them sit in you;     soil their pants;     teach them a dignity     that is dignity, the dignity     of mud!		
It is I holds you     half against the sky     half against a black tree trunk     icily resplendent!		
III.		
And the next thing I say is this:     I saw an eagle once circling against the clouds     over one of our principal churches     Easter, it wasa beautiful day!:     three gulls came from above the river     and crossed slowly seaward!		
Go now     I think you are   ready.		
look!		
Waiting     for the water to freshen     I glance at the spotless floor:     a pair of rubber sandals     lie side by side     under the walltable,     all is in order for the night.		
A wind might blow a lotus petal     over the pyramidsbut not this wind.		
As best as she can     she hides herself     in the full sunlight     her cordy legs writhing     beneath the little flowered dress     that leaves them bare     from midthigh to ankle     Why has she chosen me     for the knife     that darts along her smile?		
I come here to mingle faiance dug     from the tomb, turquoise colored     necklaces and belched wind from the     stomach; delicately veined basins     of agate, cracked and discolored and     the stink of stale urine!		
That night she came again, hovering     In rags within the filmy ceiling     Great Queen, bless me with thy tatters!”     You are blest, go on!”                               Hot for savagery,     Sucking the air!		
See it splash!		
DAWN     Ecstatic bird songs pound     the hollow vastness of the sky     with metallic clinkings     beating color up into it     at a far edge,beating it, beating it     with rising, triumphant ardor,     stirring it into warmth,     quickening in it a spreading change,     bursting wildly against it as     dividing the horizon, a heavy sun     lifts himselfis lifted     bit by bit above the edge     of things,runs free at last     out into the open!		
These are shining topics     my townspeople but     hardly of great moment.		
I went into the city,     Out again, baffled onto the mountain!		
This sarcophagus contained the body     of UreshNai, priestess to the goddess Mut,     Mother of All     Run your finger against this edge!		
And she waved me     From the white wet in midst of her playing!		
That’s all I care for now.		
It is true:     in the light colors     of morning     brownstone and slate     shine orange and dark blue.		
INVITATION     You who had the sense     to choose me such a mother,     you who had the indifference     to create me,     you who went to some pains     to leave hands off me     in the formative stages,     (I thank you most for that     perhaps)                       but you who     with an iron head, first,     fiercest and with strongest love     brutalized me into strength,     old dewlap,     I have reached the stage     where I am teaching myself     to laugh.		
They’ll pass through.		
Some common memento   is better,     something he prized   and is known by:     his old clothes   a few books perhaps     God knows what!		
Your moods are slow     the shedding of leaves     and sure     the return in May!		
Take off   the silk hat!		
The steps to the museum are high.		
But you got to try hard     But               Well, you know how     the young girls run giggling     on Park Avenue after dark     when they ought to be home in bed?		
THE OLD MEN     Old men who have studied     every leg show     in the city     Old men cut from touch     by the perfumed music     polished or fleeced skulls     that stand before     the whole theater     in silent attitudes     of attention,     old men who have taken precedence     over young men     and even over darkfaced     husbands whose minds     are a street with arclights.		
Pulls the whole     counterpulling mass upward, to the right,     locks even the opaque, not yet defined     ground in a terrific drag that is     loosening the very taproots!		
Your death?water     spilled upon the ground     though water will mount again into roseleaves     but you?would hold life still,     even as a memory, when it is over.		
They hold firm     break with a roar     show the white!		
It was a fearful thing     to come into a man’s heart     at that time: that stone     over the little blinking stars     they’d set there.		
Away now for the cows!		
Brother!		
Is there no place     where we can be at peace together     and the motion of our drawing apart     be altogether taken up?		
sepals     that guard and contain     the flower!		
Love is     a lice comber!		
