april	  	if	-PRON-	have	come	away	with	-PRON-	  	into	another	state	  	-PRON-	have	be	quiet	together	.		
to	have	leg	and	a	silly	head	  	and	to	smell	,	pah	!		
night	be	a	room	  	darken	for	lover	,	  	through	the	jalousie	the	sun	  	have	send	one	gold	needle	!		
there	be	  	no	good	in	the	world	except	out	of	  	a	woman	and	certain	woman	alone	  	for	certain	thing	.		
-PRON-	be	in	this	town	that	the	saloon	be	situate	,	  	close	to	the	railroad	track	,	close	as	may	be	,	this	side	  	be	dry	,	dry	,	dry	:	two	people	listen	on	opposite	  	side	of	a	wall!the	day	nursery	have	sixtyfive	  	baby	the	week	before	last	,	so	-PRON-	wife	's	eye	shine	  	and	-PRON-	cheek	be	pink	and	-PRON-	can	not	see	a	blemish	.		
-PRON-	be	  	bind	more	to	-PRON-	sentence	  	the	more	-PRON-	batter	at	-PRON-	  	to	follow	-PRON-	.		
time	be	a	green	orchid	.		
must	-PRON-	go	home	fill	  	with	a	bad	poem	?		
the	hunter	  	in	the	flash	and	black	shadow	  	of	july	  	the	day	,	lock	in	each	other	's	arm	,	  	seem	still	  	so	that	squirrel	and	color	bird	  	go	about	at	ease	over	  	the	branch	and	through	the	air	.		
-PRON-	sit	  	examine	-PRON-	red	handful	.		
twirl	the	wheel	!		
since	childhood	,	since	childhood	!		
let	-PRON-	have	one	!	"		
scream	!		
arrival	  	and	yet	one	arrive	somehow	,	  	find	-PRON-	loosen	the	hook	of	  	-PRON-	dress	  	in	a	strange	bedroom	  	feel	the	autumn	  	drop	-PRON-	silk	and	linen	leaf	  	about	-PRON-	ankle	.		
-PRON-	will	not	let	-PRON-	in	.		
nowhere	.		
there	be	no	escape	!	  	an	interminable	talking	,	talk	,	  	talk	...	-PRON-	have	happen	before	.		
sigh	-PRON-	gaily	  	lean	out	to	see	  	up	and	down	the	street	  	where	a	heavy	sunlight	  	lie	beyond	some	blue	shadow	.		
wind	of	the	white	poppy	!		
the	nightingales	  	-PRON-	shoe	as	-PRON-	lean	  	unlace	-PRON-	  	stand	out	upon	  	flat	worsted	flower	  	under	-PRON-	foot	.		
not	wholly	insufflate	  	the	blackbird	in	the	rain	  	upon	the	dead	topbranch	  	of	the	live	tree	,	  	stick	fast	to	the	low	cloud	,	  	notate	the	dawn	.		
to	waken	an	old	lady	  	old	age	be	  	a	flight	of	small	  	cheep	bird	  	skim	  	bare	tree	  	above	a	snow	glaze	.		
and	come	!		
food	!		
but	what	if	  	-PRON-	arrive	like	a	turtle	  	with	-PRON-	house	on	-PRON-	back	or	  	a	fish	ogle	from	under	water	?		
gulls	'	cry	in	a	windgust	  	break	by	the	wind	;	calculate	wing	set	above	  	the	field	of	wave	break	.		
the	child	flit	about	above	stair	.		
but	there	come	  	between	-PRON-	and	these	thing	  	a	letter	  	or	even	a	lookwell	place	,	  	-PRON-	understand	,	  	so	that	-PRON-	be	confused	,	twisted	  	four	way	andleft	flat	,	  	unable	to	lift	the	food	to	  	-PRON-	own	mouth	:	  	here	be	what	-PRON-	say	:	come	!		
spouts	  	in	this	world	of	  	as	fine	a	pair	of	breast	  	as	ever	-PRON-	see	  	the	fountain	in	  	madison	square	  	spout	up	of	water	  	a	white	tree	  	that	die	and	live	  	as	the	rock	water	  	in	the	basin	  	turn	from	the	stonerim	  	back	upon	the	jet	  	and	rise	there	  	reflectively	drop	down	again	.		
light	hearted	william	  	light	hearted	william	twirl	  	-PRON-	november	moustache	  	and	,	half	dress	,	look	  	from	the	bedroom	window	  	upon	the	spring	weather	.		
the	door	open	.		
the	open	streetdoor	let	in	the	breath	of	  	the	morning	wind	from	over	the	lake	.		
the	cold	night	  	-PRON-	be	cold	.		
a	goodnight	  	go	to	sleepthough	of	course	-PRON-	will	not	  	to	tideless	wave	thunder	slantwise	against	  	strong	embankment	,	rattle	and	swish	of	spray	  	dash	thirty	foot	high	,	catch	by	the	lake	wind	,	  	scatter	and	strew	broadcast	in	over	the	steady	  	car	rail	!		
offal	!		
complete	destruction	  	-PRON-	be	an	icy	day	.		
backward	,	backward	,	backward	.		
then	  	the	sun	!		
-PRON-	have	have	-PRON-	  	hand	on	you!well?she	have	defile	  	me.your	leaf	be	dull	,	thick	  	and	hairy	.	every	hair	on	-PRON-	body	will	  	hold	-PRON-	off	from	-PRON-	.		
there	be	not	a	spot	or	a	stain	  	on	-PRON-	satin	toe	or	-PRON-	side	.		
-PRON-	be	the	fillip	of	novelty	.		
fl	yourself	upon	         	-PRON-	empty	rose	                	cut	savagely	!		
fighter	.		
-PRON-	will	not	do	.		
this	way	ma'm	!		
the	poor	  	by	constantly	torment	-PRON-	  	with	reminder	of	the	lice	in	  	-PRON-	child	's	hair	,	the	  	school	physician	first	  	bring	-PRON-	hatred	down	on	-PRON-	,	  	but	by	this	familiarity	  	-PRON-	grow	use	to	-PRON-	,	and	so	,	  	at	last	,	  	take	-PRON-	for	-PRON-	friend	and	adviser	.		
thirtyfive	year	  	-PRON-	live	with	-PRON-	husband	.		
time	the	hangman	  	poor	old	abner	,	old	whitehair	nigger	!		
a	liquid	moon	  	move	gently	among	  	the	long	branch	.		
colored	cook	sweat	  	in	a	small	kitchen	.		
great	mullen	  	one	leave	-PRON-	leaf	at	home	  	be	a	mullen	and	send	up	a	lighthouse	  	to	peer	from	:	-PRON-	will	have	-PRON-	way	,	  	yellowa	mast	with	a	lantern	,	ten	  	fifty	,	a	hundred	,	small	and	small	  	as	-PRON-	grow	moreliar	,	liar	,	liar	!		
covertly	the	hand	of	a	great	clock	  	go	round	and	round	!		
-PRON-	head	be	in	the	air	  	but	who	be	-PRON-	...	?		
ah	,	march	             	flower	be	a	tiresome	pastime	.		
hand	in	hand	little	wind	  	blow	the	thin	stream	aslant	.		
the	end	.		
-PRON-	be	sick	,	  	perhaps	vomit	,	  	perhaps	labor	  	to	give	birth	to	  	a	tenth	child	.		
butstirred	,	the	eye	seize	  	for	the	first	timethe	eye	awake	!	  	anything	,	a	dirt	bank	with	green	star	  	of	scrawny	weed	flatten	upon	-PRON-	under	  	a	weight	of	airfor	the	first	time	!	  	or	a	yawn	depth	:	big	!		
-PRON-	want	-PRON-	  	in	spite	of	all	-PRON-	would	say	  	rain	and	light	,	mountain	and	rain	,	  	rain	and	river	.		
epitaph	  	an	old	willow	with	hollow	branch	  	slowly	sway	-PRON-	few	high	bright	tendril	  	and	sing	:	  	love	be	a	young	green	willow	  	shimmer	at	the	bare	wood	's	edge	.		
under	the	leafy	tree	  	where	the	suburban	street	  	lie	cross	,	  	with	house	on	each	corner	,	  	tangled	shadow	have	begin	  	to	join	  	the	roadway	and	the	lawn	.		
later	-PRON-	watch	-PRON-	  	descend	the	stair	,	  	hurry	through	the	door	  	and	round	the	table	,	  	move	stiffly	  	with	a	shake	of	-PRON-	gay	pompom	!		
nimbly	the	shadow	  	of	-PRON-	finger	play	  	unlacing	  	over	shoe	and	flower	.		
white	thigh	of	the	sky	!		
tulip	bed	  	the	may	sunwhom	  	all	thing	imitate	  	that	glue	small	leaf	to	  	the	wooden	tree	  	shine	from	the	sky	  	through	bluegauze	cloud	  	upon	the	ground	.		
hagh	!		
a	toad	to	diana	!		
-PRON-	be	the	sting	of	snow	,	the	burn	liquor	of	  	the	moonlight	,	the	rush	of	rain	in	the	gutter	pack	  	with	dead	leaf	:	go	to	sleep	,	go	to	sleep	.		
the	man	turn	and	there	  	-PRON-	solitary	track	stretch	out	  	upon	the	world	.		
-PRON-	sit	above	-PRON-	head	  	a	little	removedor	  	a	thin	wash	of	rain	on	the	roadway	  	-PRON-	be	never	afraid	when	-PRON-	be	drive	,	  	interpose	new	direction	,	  	rid	-PRON-	sidewise	,	unforseen	  	into	the	ditch	!		
all	the	color	.		
berket	in	high	spirits"ha	,	orange	!		
be	-PRON-	to	  	move	quickly	and	at	once	the	whole	  	secret	would	be	out	and	the	shuffling	  	of	all	ant	be	do	forever	.		
tree	vanishreappearvanish	:	  	detach	dance	of	gnomesas	a	talk	  	dodge	remark	,	glow	and	fade	.		
-PRON-	would	have	-PRON-	sit	under	-PRON-	desk	lamp	  	brood	,	ponder	;	-PRON-	would	have	-PRON-	  	slide	out	the	drawer	,	take	up	the	ornamented	dagger	  	and	handle	-PRON-	.		
if	-PRON-	be	not	so	dark	in	this	shed	one	could	better	  	see	the	white	.		
in	time	:	twoeight	!		
-PRON-	smile	,	enter	and	  	shake	off	the	cold	.		
and	if	  	-PRON-	do	not	go	-PRON-	remain	stale	to	  	-PRON-	and	if	-PRON-	go	                      	-PRON-	have	watch	  	the	city	from	a	distance	at	night	  	and	wonder	why	-PRON-	write	no	poem	.		
the	tall	irishman	in	a	prince	albert	and	the	usual	  	strip	trouser	be	go	to	sing	for	-PRON-	.		
the	white	moon	  	be	up	among	-PRON-	scatter	star	  	like	the	bare	thigh	of	  	the	police	seargent	's	wifeamong	  	-PRON-	five	child	....	  	no	answer	.		
the	little	owleyed	and	thickset	lady	with	mass	  	of	grey	hair	have	smooth	pink	cheek	without	a	wrinkle	.		
each	age	have	-PRON-	perfection	but	the	praise	differ	.		
but	of	first	importance	be	to	realize	that	the	imagination	lead	and	the	deed	come	behind	.		
here	’	nothing	to	lead	-PRON-	astray	.		
later	in	the	year	let	the	bad	out	.		
coughs	go	sing	on	springtime	path	across	a	field	;	corruption	pick	strawberry	and	slow	warping	of	the	mind	,	black	the	deadly	wall	—	count	and	recount	—	roll	in	the	grass	and	shout	ecstatically	.		
wallace	stevens	.	-PRON-	wish	that	-PRON-	may	here	set	down	-PRON-	vortex	"	after	the	fashion	of	london	,	1913	,	state	how	little	-PRON-	mean	to	-PRON-	whether	-PRON-	live	here	,	there	or	elsewhere	or	succeed	in	this	,	that	or	the	other	so	long	as	-PRON-	can	keep	-PRON-	mind	free	from	the	trammel	of	literature	,	beat	down	every	attack	of	-PRON-	retiarii	with	-PRON-	mirmillone	.		
there	be	much	heavy	breathing	,	many	tight	shut	lip	,	a	smother	laugh	while	,	two	laugh	crack	together	,	three	together	sometimes	and	then	a	burst	of	wind	lift	the	dust	again	.		
but	summer	be	up	among	the	huckleberry	near	the	path	’s	end	and	snakes’	egg	lie	curl	in	the	sun	on	the	lonely	summit	.		
a	fish	swim	in	a	pond	,	be	-PRON-	back	white	and	-PRON-	belly	green	,	would	be	easily	perceive	from	above	by	hawk	against	the	dark	depth	of	water	and	from	below	by	large	fish	against	the	penetrant	light	of	the	sky	.		
lean	on	-PRON-	shoulder	little	one	,	-PRON-	too	.		
the	complaint	of	an	old	man	die	piecemeal	be	starl	chirrup	.		
-PRON-	’	all	in	the	imagination	.		
there	’	no	dancing	save	in	the	head	’s	dark	.		
a	country	whose	flower	be	without	perfume	and	whose	girl	lack	modesty	—	the	say	goes—.		
in	france	,	the	country	of	rabelais	,	-PRON-	know	that	the	world	be	not	make	up	entirely	of	virgin	.		
but	how	-PRON-	bedizen	the	countryside	.		
here	among	these	farm	how	the	year	have	age	,	yet	here	’	last	year	and	the	year	before	and	all	year	.		
the	scream	brat	’s	a	sheep	bleat	,	the	rattle	cribside	sheep	shake	a	bush	.		
then	-PRON-	wife	’s	mother	tell	-PRON-	the	same	old	thing	,	how	a	girl	in	-PRON-	village	jilt	-PRON-	year	back	.		
star	.		
now	an	evil	odor	can	be	pursue	with	praiseworthy	ardor	lead	to	great	natural	activity	whereas	a	flowery	skinned	virgin	may	and	no	doubt	often	do	allow	-PRON-	to	fall	into	destructive	habit	of	neglect	.		
upon	the	jepson	filet	eliot	balance	-PRON-	mushroom	.		
-PRON-	become	hot	.		
the	night	be	long	for	lice	combing	or	moon	dodging	—	and	the	net	come	in	empty	again	.		
this	be	the	only	upcadence	.		
2	-PRON-	can	not	hold	spirit	round	the	arm	but	-PRON-	take	lie	for	wing	,	turn	poplar	leaf	and	flutter	off	—	leave	the	old	stalk	desolate	.		
however	-PRON-	strength	will	revive	if	-PRON-	may	be	and	find	a	sweetness	on	the	tongue	of	which	-PRON-	have	no	foreknowledge	-PRON-	set	to	work	again	with	renew	vigor	.	2	how	smoothly	the	car	run	.		
here	be	dance	!		
the	sun	’s	self	’s	a	chancre	low	in	the	west	.		
1	throw	that	flower	in	the	waste	basket	,	-PRON-	’	fade	.		
eclipse	of	all	thing	;	sun	’s	self	turn	hen	’s	rump	.		
come	with	-PRON-	!		
bed	’s	at	fault	!		
-PRON-	will	break	-PRON-	backbone	.		
-PRON-	do	not	,	however	,	know	everything	,	not	by	more	than	half	.		
-PRON-	leave	early	and	-PRON-	restless	at	some	impalpable	delay	apologize	suddenly	and	go	off	with	two	friend	,	-PRON-	great	,	lean	bulk	twitching	agilely	.		
dear	fat	stevens	,	thaw	out	so	beautifully	at	forty	!		
by	this	time	boredom	take	a	hand	and	the	play	’s	end	.		
but	the	summit	of	united	states	achievement	,	accord	to	mr.	j	.—	who	can	discourse	on	catullus	—	be	that	very	beautiful	poem	of	eliot	’s	,	la	figlia	que	piange	:	just	the	right	amount	of	everything	drain	through	,	etc	.	,	etc	.	,	etc	.	,	etc	.	,	the	rhythm	delicately	study	and	—	it	conform	!		
after	this	kreymborg	may	push	-PRON-	way	to	the	front	and	read	jack	’s	house	.		
if	one	shut	the	door	of	a	house	-PRON-	be	to	that	extent	a	carpenter	.	coda	outside	,	the	north	wind	,	come	and	pass	,	swell	and	die	,	lift	the	frozen	sand	   	drive	-PRON-	arattle	against	the	lidless	windows	   	and	-PRON-	   	-PRON-	dear	   	sit	   	stroke	the	cat	   	stroke	the	cat	and	smile	sleepily	,	prrrrr	.		
see	the	distant	city	bath	in	moonlight	and	star	seriously	at	-PRON-	-PRON-	liken	the	moon	to	a	cow	and	-PRON-	light	to	milk	.	xii	.		
-PRON-	child	?		
drive	-PRON-	in	!		
encouragé	vos	musicien	!	ask	-PRON-	to	play	faster	.		
1	.		
gather	from	-PRON-	remark	that	-PRON-	be	of	some	sharp	business	by	which	-PRON-	have	all	make	an	inordinate	profit	,	-PRON-	allow	-PRON-	thought	to	play	back	upon	the	current	of	-PRON-	own	life	.		
ha	,	cloud	will	touch	world	’s	edge	and	the	great	pink	mallow	stand	singly	in	the	wet	,	top	reed	and	—	a	closet	full	of	clothe	and	good	shoe	and	mythirtyyear’smaster’sdaughter	’s	two	cow	for	-PRON-	to	care	for	and	a	winter	room	with	a	fire	in	it—.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	*	*	age	and	youth	be	great	flatterer	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	*	*	all	thing	bring	under	the	hand	of	the	possessor	crumble	to	nothingness	.		
e.	p.	be	the	good	enemy	united	states	verse	have	.		
and	so	-PRON-	may	be	that	once	upon	the	way	the	end	drive	back	upon	the	beginning	and	a	stoppage	will	occur	.		
contessa	de	alba	!	never	be	there	such	a	lewd	wonder	in	the	street	of	newark	!		
quit	phrase	making	—	that	is	,	not	of	course	—	but	-PRON-	will	understand	-PRON-	or	if	not	—	why	—	come	to	breakfast	sometime	around	evening	on	the	fourth	of	january	any	year	-PRON-	please	;	always	be	punctual	   	where	eat	be	concern	.		
why	that	way	-PRON-	think	.		
by	this	chemistry	be	fabricate	a	language	of	the	day	which	shift	and	reveal	-PRON-	meaning	as	cloud	shift	and	turn	in	the	sky	and	sometimes	send	down	rain	or	snow	or	hail	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	vii	.		
3	talk	as	-PRON-	will	,	say	:	no	woman	want	to	bother	with	child	in	this	country”;—speak	of	-PRON-	amsterdam	and	the	white	apron	and	bright	doorknob	in	christendom	.		
ruin	the	girl	?		
but	-PRON-	who	have	no	power	of	the	imagination	can	not	even	know	the	full	of	-PRON-	injury	.		
-PRON-	’	all	of	the	god	,	there	’	nothing	else	worth	writing	of	.		
dance	!		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	xi	.		
and	besides	,	-PRON-	come	out	with	one	fairly	lipped	cornet	blast	:	the	only	distinctive	u.	s.	contribution	to	the	art	have	be	ragtime	and	buckdancing	.		
here	’	drink	of	an	eye	that	call	-PRON-	.		
the	joint	be	do	up	in	a	proper	sayre	’s	dressing	and	there	really	look	to	be	a	bona	fide	injury	.		
-PRON-	would	appear	to	the	unready	that	the	fiber	of	the	thing	be	a	thin	jelly	.		
*	      	*	      	*	      	*	      	*	by	virtue	of	work	of	art	the	beauty	of	woman	be	release	to	flow	whither	-PRON-	will	up	and	down	the	year	.		
the	young	pair	listen	attentively	to	the	roar	of	the	weather	.		
idiot	,	-PRON-	be	true	nothing	be	possess	save	by	dint	of	that	vigorous	conception	of	-PRON-	perfection	which	be	the	imagination	’s	special	province	but	neither	be	anything	possess	which	be	not	extant	.		
cha	!		
a	nobby	vest	.		
never	have	-PRON-	hear	so	crush	a	critique	as	those	desolate	invention	,	involve	halfhymn	,	after	-PRON-	first	visit	to	a	christian	sunday	school	.	3	this	song	be	to	phyllis	!		
thus	the	house	become	a	wine	which	have	drug	-PRON-	out	of	-PRON-	sens	.	xxii	.		
but	the	girl	at	the	supper	!		
hip	to	the	left	.		
-PRON-	know	of	no	one	who	live	so	completely	in	-PRON-	pretence	as	bogie	do	.		
-PRON-	praise	those	who	have	the	wit	and	courage	,	and	the	conventionality	,	to	go	direct	toward	-PRON-	vision	of	perfection	in	an	objective	world	where	the	signpost	be	clearly	mark	,	viz	.	,	to	london	.		
word	with	the	bloom	on	-PRON-	run	before	the	imagination	like	the	saeter	girl	before	peer	gynt	.		
the	wooden	strip	alone	,	if	-PRON-	be	place	at	all	close	together	must	be	figure	solid	,	as	if	-PRON-	be	a	board	fence	.		
there	be	in	reality	only	two	or	three	reason	generally	accept	as	the	cause	of	action	.		
where	be	-PRON-	home	?		
this	be	the	beneficent	power	of	the	imagination	.		
-PRON-	may	better	be	idle	?		
lay	    	the	finger	upon	this	granite	.		
all	the	youth	    	that	come	to	-PRON-	,	-PRON-	have	the	knowledge	    	rather	than	to	those	uninitiate	    	to	-PRON-	,	marvelous	old	queen	,	give	-PRON-	always	    	a	new	marriage	"	                        	but	-PRON-	laugh	loudly	    	a	new	grip	upon	those	garment	that	brush	-PRON-	    	in	day	go	by	on	beach	,	lawn	,	and	in	forest	!		
may	-PRON-	be	lift	still	,	up	and	out	of	terror	,	    	up	from	before	the	death	live	around	-PRON-	    	tom	up	continually	and	carry	    	whatev	way	the	head	of	-PRON-	whim	be	,	    	a	burr	upon	those	stream	tatter	"	    	but	the	night	have	fall	,	-PRON-	still	-PRON-	    	and	lead	-PRON-	away	.		
knock	the	glass	out	!		
while	    	-PRON-	gesture	,	against	the	    	tile	wall	of	the	dingy	bathroom	,	    	swish	with	ecstasy	to	    	the	familiar	music	of	                        	-PRON-	old	emotion	.		
-PRON-	will	have	a	  	heavy	rain	soon	:	    	pebble	and	dirt	  	and	what	not	.		
libertad	!		
vi	.		
igualdad	!		
observe	    	the	jasmine	lightness	    	of	the	moon	.		
yesjust	!		
silent	,	-PRON-	voice	enter	at	-PRON-	eye	    	and	-PRON-	astonished	thought	follow	-PRON-	easily	:	    	well	,	do	-PRON-	eye	shine	,	do	-PRON-	clothe	fit	?		
-PRON-	’	get	dark	.		
the	beauty	of	    	the	terrible	face	    	of	-PRON-	nonentity	    	stir	-PRON-	to	-PRON-	:	    	color	woman	    	day	worker	    	old	and	experience	    	return	home	at	dusk	    	in	cast	off	clothing	    	face	like	    	old	florentine	oak	.		
to	-PRON-	,	o	mighty	,	crafty	prowler	    	after	the	youth	of	all	city	,	drunk	    	with	the	sight	of	thy	archness	!		
let	there	pass	    	over	the	mind	    	the	water	of	    	four	ocean	,	the	air	    	of	four	sky	!		
first	-PRON-	say	this	:	-PRON-	have	see	    	the	strange	bird	,	have	-PRON-	not	,	that	sometimes	    	rest	upon	-PRON-	river	in	winter	?		
danse	russe	    	if	-PRON-	when	-PRON-	wife	be	sleep	    	and	the	baby	and	kathleen	    	be	sleep	    	and	the	sun	be	a	flamewhite	disc	    	in	silken	mist	    	above	shin	tree	,	    	if	-PRON-	in	-PRON-	north	room	    	danse	naked	,	grotesquely	    	before	-PRON-	mirror	    	wave	-PRON-	shirt	round	-PRON-	head	    	and	sing	softly	to	-PRON-	:	    	-PRON-	be	lonely	,	lonely	.		
ah	!		
-PRON-	two	boy	?		
summer	song	    	wanderer	moon	    	smile	a	    	faintly	ironical	smile	    	at	this	    	brilliant	,	dewmoisten	    	summer	morning	,	    	a	detached	    	sleepily	indifferent	    	smile	,	a	    	wanderer	’s	smile	,	    	if	-PRON-	should	    	buy	a	shirt	    	-PRON-	color	and	    	put	on	a	necktie	    	sky	blue	    	where	would	-PRON-	carry	-PRON-	?		
appeal	    	-PRON-	who	be	so	mighty	,	    	crimson	salamander	,	    	hear	-PRON-	once	more	.		
the	flurry	    	of	fall	petal	be	end	.		
come	,	move	!		
must	-PRON-	know	everything	?		
-PRON-	be	tired	.		
in	a	rush	,	drag	    	a	blunt	boat	on	the	yield	river	    	suddenly	-PRON-	see	-PRON-	!		
-PRON-	hand	for	-PRON-	!		
winter	quiet	    	limb	to	limb	,	mouth	to	mouth	    	with	the	bleached	grass	    	silver	mist	lie	upon	the	back	yard	    	among	the	outhouse	.		
oh	then	,	a	wreath	!		
hit	-PRON-	there	deep	under	the	grass	.		
on	a	tissuethin	monotone	of	bluegrey	bud	    	two	bluegrey	bird	,	chase	a	third	,	    	at	full	cry	!		
who	shall	hear	of	-PRON-	    	in	the	time	to	come	?		
now	-PRON-	be	crown	!		
what	do	-PRON-	care	!		
let	-PRON-	because	-PRON-	to	think	well	then	of	the	storm	    	that	drive	many	to	shelter	.		
come	downjoin	-PRON-	    	for	-PRON-	be	lonely	.		
in	fact	    	that	’	no	place	  	at	all	for	-PRON-	    	up	there	  	unceremoniously	    	drag	-PRON-	friend	out	  	to	-PRON-	own	dignity	!		
this	be	fortunate	for	-PRON-	would	    	burn	-PRON-	to	an	ash	otherwise	.		
ah	!		
these	thing	    	astonish	-PRON-	beyond	word	.		
the	gift	of	some	endure	    	ten	year	,	the	gift	of	some	twenty	    	and	the	gift	of	some	for	the	time	a	    	great	house	rot	and	be	tear	down	.		
-PRON-	wear	against	    	the	year	!	"	        	v.	    	but	-PRON-	be	five	o'clock	.		
-PRON-	be	attire	-PRON-	before	-PRON-	    	take	shape	before	-PRON-	for	worship	,	    	a	red	leaf	that	fall	upon	a	stone	!		
observe	    	how	motionless	    	the	eat	moon	    	lie	in	the	protect	line	.		
no	!		
give	-PRON-	the	slip	then	;	    	let	-PRON-	sit	in	-PRON-	;	    	soil	-PRON-	pant	;	    	teach	-PRON-	a	dignity	    	that	be	dignity	,	the	dignity	    	of	mud	!		
-PRON-	be	-PRON-	hold	-PRON-	    	half	against	the	sky	    	half	against	a	black	tree	trunk	    	icily	resplendent	!		
iii	.		
and	the	next	thing	-PRON-	say	be	this	:	    	-PRON-	see	an	eagle	once	circle	against	the	cloud	    	over	one	of	-PRON-	principal	church	    	easter	,	-PRON-	wasa	beautiful	day	!	:	    	three	gull	come	from	above	the	river	    	and	cross	slowly	seaward	!		
go	now	    	-PRON-	think	-PRON-	be	  	ready	.		
look	!		
wait	    	for	the	water	to	freshen	    	-PRON-	glance	at	the	spotless	floor	:	    	a	pair	of	rubber	sandal	    	lie	side	by	side	    	under	the	walltable	,	    	all	be	in	order	for	the	night	.		
a	wind	may	blow	a	lotus	petal	    	over	the	pyramidsbut	not	this	wind	.		
as	best	as	-PRON-	can	    	-PRON-	hide	-PRON-	    	in	the	full	sunlight	    	-PRON-	cordy	leg	writhe	    	beneath	the	little	flower	dress	    	that	leave	-PRON-	bare	    	from	midthigh	to	ankle	    	why	have	-PRON-	choose	-PRON-	    	for	the	knife	    	that	dart	along	-PRON-	smile	?		
-PRON-	come	here	to	mingle	faiance	dig	    	from	the	tomb	,	turquoise	color	    	necklace	and	belch	wind	from	the	    	stomach	;	delicately	veined	basin	    	of	agate	,	crack	and	discolor	and	    	the	stink	of	stale	urine	!		
that	night	-PRON-	come	again	,	hover	    	in	rag	within	the	filmy	ceiling	    	great	queen	,	bless	-PRON-	with	thy	tatter	!	"	    	-PRON-	be	bl	,	go	on	!	"	                              	hot	for	savagery	,	    	suck	the	air	!		
see	-PRON-	splash	!		
dawn	    	ecstatic	bird	song	pound	    	the	hollow	vastness	of	the	sky	    	with	metallic	clinking	    	beat	color	up	into	-PRON-	    	at	a	far	edge	,	beat	-PRON-	,	beat	-PRON-	    	with	rise	,	triumphant	ardor	,	    	stir	-PRON-	into	warmth	,	    	quickening	in	-PRON-	a	spread	change	,	    	burst	wildly	against	-PRON-	as	    	divide	the	horizon	,	a	heavy	sun	    	lift	himselfis	lift	    	bit	by	bit	above	the	edge	    	of	thing	,	run	free	at	last	    	out	into	the	open	!		
these	be	shin	topic	    	-PRON-	townspeople	but	    	hardly	of	great	moment	.		
-PRON-	go	into	the	city	,	    	out	again	,	baffle	onto	the	mountain	!		
this	sarcophagus	contain	the	body	    	of	ureshnai	,	priestess	to	the	goddess	mut	,	    	mother	of	all	    	run	-PRON-	finger	against	this	edge	!		
and	-PRON-	wave	-PRON-	    	from	the	white	wet	in	midst	of	-PRON-	playing	!		
that	’	all	-PRON-	care	for	now	.		
-PRON-	be	true	:	    	in	the	light	color	    	of	morning	    	brownstone	and	slate	    	shine	orange	and	dark	blue	.		
invitation	    	-PRON-	who	have	the	sense	    	to	choose	-PRON-	such	a	mother	,	    	-PRON-	who	have	the	indifference	    	to	create	-PRON-	,	    	-PRON-	who	go	to	some	pain	    	to	leave	hand	off	-PRON-	    	in	the	formative	stage	,	    	(	-PRON-	thank	-PRON-	most	for	that	    	perhaps	)	                      	but	-PRON-	who	    	with	an	iron	head	,	first	,	    	fiercest	and	with	strong	love	    	brutalize	-PRON-	into	strength	,	    	old	dewlap	,	    	-PRON-	have	reach	the	stage	    	where	-PRON-	be	teach	-PRON-	    	to	laugh	.		
-PRON-	will	pass	through	.		
some	common	memento	  	be	good	,	    	something	-PRON-	prize	  	and	be	know	by	:	    	-PRON-	old	clothe	  	a	few	book	perhaps	    	god	know	what	!		
-PRON-	mood	be	slow	    	the	shedding	of	leaf	    	and	sure	    	the	return	in	may	!		
take	off	  	the	silk	hat	!		
the	step	to	the	museum	be	high	.		
but	-PRON-	get	to	try	hard	    	but	              	well	,	-PRON-	know	how	    	the	young	girl	run	giggle	    	on	park	avenue	after	dark	    	when	-PRON-	ought	to	be	home	in	bed	?		
the	old	men	    	old	man	who	have	study	    	every	leg	show	    	in	the	city	    	old	man	cut	from	touch	    	by	the	perfumed	music	    	polished	or	fleece	skull	    	that	stand	before	    	the	whole	theater	    	in	silent	attitude	    	of	attention	,	    	old	man	who	have	take	precedence	    	over	young	man	    	and	even	over	darkfac	    	husband	whose	mind	    	be	a	street	with	arclight	.		
pull	the	whole	    	counterpulling	mass	upward	,	to	the	right	,	    	lock	even	the	opaque	,	not	yet	define	    	ground	in	a	terrific	drag	that	be	    	loosening	the	very	taproot	!		
-PRON-	death?water	    	spill	upon	the	ground	    	though	water	will	mount	again	into	roseleaf	    	but	you?would	hold	life	still	,	    	even	as	a	memory	,	when	-PRON-	be	over	.		
-PRON-	hold	firm	    	break	with	a	roar	    	show	the	white	!		
-PRON-	be	a	fearful	thing	    	to	come	into	a	man	’s	heart	    	at	that	time	:	that	stone	    	over	the	little	blink	star	    	-PRON-	would	set	there	.		
away	now	for	the	cow	!		
brother	!		
be	there	no	place	    	where	-PRON-	can	be	at	peace	together	    	and	the	motion	of	-PRON-	drawing	apart	    	be	altogether	take	up	?		
sepal	    	that	guard	and	contain	    	the	flower	!		
love	be	    	a	lice	comber	!		
