The last partitions have fallenand our love has become so calm, so profound, every breach has vanished so completely, leaving no trace behind it, that we do not even wish to exchange a word, a glance.... We only wish to breathe, to breathe together, to live together, to be together, ... and not even to be conscious of the fact that we are together.... XI Or, in conclusion, there presents itself to me a clear September morning when thou and I were walking together through the deserted garden, as yet not wholly out of bloom, of an abandoned palace, on the bank of a great nonRussian river, beneath the soft radiance of a cloudless sky.		
Your image is now doubly dear to me....		
Her name is Nina, Ninettaas thou wilt; she is the daughter of a wealthy merchant here.		
After exchanging the customary greetings with his new acquaintance, Astákhoff made a respectful bow to the latter’s sister.		
I write to you, my dear Márya Alexándrovna, and I write only because I do not wish to die without having taken leave of you, and without having recalled myself to your mind.		
Oh, she is in love!”I thought again.		
Yes!		
So why should not he be the regulator of order?”[13] The little old man burst out laughing.		
M. B. XV From Alexyéi Petróvitch to Márya Alexándrovna DRESDEN, September, 1842.		
Is not Márya Pávlovna fond of poetry?” No; she thinks all that sort of thing is made upis all false; and she does not like that.” A strange reproach!”exclaimed Vladímir Sergyéitch.		
With what a face he began the mazurka, how he dragged his lady after him, how he beat the floor with his foot, and twitched his head the while,all this is almost beyond the power of human pen to describe.		
My first impulse was to flee.		
He is our stagemanager, and our prompter, and everything you like.		
Whither?”he said, in surprise.		
From the damp earth arose a strong, healthy scent; a pure, light breeze fluttered all about in cool gusts.		
So then, there is a magnificent ball.		
But he is so languid and petty, all his desires are so narrow, that I cannot help recognising my superiority over him; he feels this, and seems to take delight in it, and precisely that repels me from him; I cannot respect him, although he has an excellent heart.		
Oh, bench on which we sat in silence, with heads drooping low with happinessI shall never forget thee to my dying hour!How charming were those rare passersby with their gentle greeting and kind faces, and the large, quiet boats which floated past (on one of themdost thou remember?stood a horse gazing pensively at the water gliding by under its feet), the childish babble of the little waves inshore and the very barking of distant dogs over the expanse of the river, the very shouts of the corpulent underofficer at the redcheeked recruits drilling there on one side, with their projecting elbows and their legs thrust forward like the legs of cranes!...		
However, it makes no difference.		
She kept her large, dark eyes almost constantly lowered.		
Vladímir Sergyéitch turned round and beheld one of his best friends, a certain Mr. Pompónsky.		
Dunyáshka!”repeated the old woman.		
Are you healthy now?		
They were riding side by side.		
Have the vital forces never sparkled, never seethed, never quivered in us?		
No; I have not known her very long.		
That’s just like you....		
She did not catch Nadézhda Alexyéevna’s last words; but, perceiving that the glances of all present were suddenly directed to her, she immediately divined what was going on, blushed, and was about to retreat into the drawingroom.... Nadézhda Alexyéevna briskly grasped her by the hand and, with the coquettish caressing action of a kitten, drew her toward her, and kissed that almost masculine hand.		
One day I was walking through the garden, past the familiar fence, when I caught sight of Zinaída.		
He is a fine man; I gave him what education I could; of course, I did the best a woman could.		
Tea was brought.		
Accept this wish from another mortal who isn’t worth a brass farthing himself.		
You understandafter that scandal ... you must be well acquainted with all that ...” (Maidánoff smiled significantly), it was not easy for her to find a husband; there were consequences ... but with her brains everything is possible.		
His rare fits of affection for me were never called forth by my speechless but intelligible entreaties; they always came upon him without warning.		
These new, unprecedented emotions so engrossed and even cheered me, that I thought very little about Zinaída herself.		
I recalled the fact that, as he came out of the house, he had given orders that his horse should be saddled.		
Másha spoils you.		
Eh, by the way, yonder runs a hare....” Where?”asked Márya Pávlovna.		
But what right have I to write to you, to talk about my friendship, my feelings, about consolation?		
She seemed to be committing his features to memory, and laughed to herself from time to time.		
The distance from the government capital to Sásovo was reckoned at sixty versts.		
And are you fond of gardening?”Vladímir Sergyéitch put another question to her.		
XV But art?...		
I am a native of Little Russia,” she replied, and began to sing Humming, humming.” At first she uttered the words in an indifferent manner; but the mournfully passionate lay of her fatherland gradually began to stir her, her cheeks flushed scarlet, her glance flashed, her voice rang out fervently.		
His seat was so fine and so carelesslyadroit that the horse under him seemed to be conscious of it and to take pride in it.		
The truthnot the full truth (there can be no question of that), but even that tiny fraction which is accessible to usimmediately closes our mouths, binds our hands, and reduces to negation.”The only thing that is then left for a man, in order to keep erect on his feet and not crumble to dust, not to become bemired in the ooze of selfforgetfulness, is selfscorn; is to turn calmly away from everything and say: It is enough!”and folding his useless arms on his empty breast to preserve the last, the sole merit which is accessible to him, the merit of recognising his own insignificance; the merit to which Pascal alludes, when, calling man a thinking reed, he says that if the entire universe were to crush him, he, that reed, would still be higher than the universe because he would know that it is crushing himwhile it would not know that.		
Truly!		
We will fight tomorrow.” Very well.” Tomorrow morning my second will call upon you.” And with a courteous inclination, Steltchínsky withdrew, evidently well pleased with himself.		
I have a commission to thee.” Really?I hadn’t the slightest suspicion of that.” I’m speaking of Másha.” On what score?” Nadézhda Alexyéevna’s face assumed a slight expression of pain.		
now I am frightfully bored with myself.		
In the doorway stood a peasantman in a new overcoat girt with a red belt, with a large beard, and an intelligent facethe overseer, judging by all the tokens.		
He was a capital rider, and knew much better how to tame the wildest horses than did Mr. Rarey.		
She finished.		
The former Princess Zasyékin, with whom we were all in love, you included.		
I love to drink with a good friend, ma’am, sinful man that I am; I love it, ma’am.” Stop, brother, please don’t talk like that!...		
Perhaps this is all nonsense, but strange thoughts sometimes come into my head, especially when I am wakeful toward morning, when the sky is beginning to turn pink and grey.I would, for example.... You will not laugh at me?” No!		
Very good!		
One thing somewhat soothed me: I am convinced that you have understood under the influence of what longsuppressed feelings it was written, and have forgiven me.		
I see some one galloping     On a spirited steed....     My friend, my distant friend     Remember me!		
Wait, wait!		
He was delighted, sprang from his armchair, ran out into the anteroom and there kissed the visitor three times.		
Having once become permeated with this consciousness, having once tasted of this wormwood, no honey will ever seem sweetand even that loftiest, sweetest happiness, the happiness of love, of complete friendship, of irrevocable devotioneven it loses all its charm; all its worth is annihilated by its own pettiness, its brevity.		
And now this was the way it had ended, this was the goal of that young, fiery, brilliant life?		
He is living ... while I ... not without cause has he called me a philosopher.... ’Tis strange!		
XIX I should be hard put to it, if I were made to narrate in detail all that went on within me in the course of the week which followed my unsuccessful nocturnal expedition.		
No!”we all exclaimed with one voice.		
Why can evil attract?		
Suddenly, she started, wheeled round, entered the shadow cast by a dense wall of lofty acacias, and disappeared.		
The ancient park ran all the way round the pond; lindens stretched out in alleys, and stood in dense clumps; aged pinetrees, with pale yellow boles, dark oaks, magnificent maples here and there reared high in air their solitary crests; the dense verdure of the thicklyspreading lilacs and acacias advanced close up to the very sides of the two little houses, leaving revealed only their fronts, from which winding paths paved with brick ran down the slope.		
She is a great friend of my sisterinlaw, and bears good will to our household in general.” A whole formal inventory,”said Nadézhda Alexyéevna, laughing, and, as before, scanning Vladímir Sergyéitch from under her hat.		
Márya Pávlovna had made an impression on him.		
Evidently you called me to mind for the lack of something to do.		
The flirt!”thought Vladímir Sergyéitch, and taking his hat in his hand, he slipped unnoticed from the hall, hunted up his footman, to whom he had previously given orders to hold himself in readiness, and was already donning his overcoat, when suddenly, to his intense surprise, the lackey informed him that it was impossible to depart, as the coachman, in some unknown manner, had drunk to intoxication, and that it was utterly impossible to arouse him.		
The young neighbour may be a good man, but I throw him over!		
I’ve forgotten the other man’s name....” Pythion,”remarked Iván Ílitch.		
She stood before me and gazed at meand I belonged to her wholly, from head to foot, as soon as she looked at me.... A quarter of an hour later I was running a race with the cadet and Zinaída; I was not weeping; I was laughing, although my swollen eyelids dropped tears from laughing; on my neck, in place of a tie, was bound a ribbon of Zinaída’s, and I shouted with joy when I succeeded in seizing her round the waist.		
I continued to kneel and to gaze at her with profound melancholy.		
Yes, he’s done for, poor fellow.” Akh!		
In other words, and to put it simply: each person makes his own fate, and it makes each person.... Each person makes his own fateyes!...		
Hail, life and love and happiness!”And at that same instant, with sweetlyshattering force, similar to the flower of a cactus, there suddenly flared up within me thy imageflared up and stood there, enchantingly clear and beautifuland I understood that I loved thee, thee alone, that I was all filled with thee.... VIII I think of thee ... and many other memories, other pictures rise up before me,and thou art everywhere, on all the paths of my life I encounter thee.Now there presents itself to me an old Russian garden on the slope of a hill, illuminated by the last rays of the summer sun.		
I had been jealous before, but only at that moment did the thought that she had fallen in love flash through my mind.		
Heads began to wax rather hot; the young men began to propose toasts.		
Don’t forget also tigerskins and cupsand gold, a great deal of gold.” But where is the gold to be?” inquired Maidánoff, tossing back his lank hair and inflating his nostrils.		
I rode on a little farther and heard her singing in a strong, even, rather harsh voice, a regular peasant voice; suddenly she ceased.		
Harlov sighed continually; he was unable, owing to his corpulence, to bow to the ground, but crossing himself with his right hand and bending his head, he pointed with the forefinger of his left hand to the floor.		
They’ve got the snake under the pitchfork!’ And Souvenir went off into his revolting laugh.		
You shall learn to pester the old, little milksop!’ ‘He’s gone mad!’ flashed through my mind.		
I have rather an important piece of news to tell you, my dear friend.		
In the morning there had been rain and a blustering wind, but towards evening all was calm again.		
But now let us go into the garden, or there’ll be no keeping Natasha still.’ She put on a round straw hat, a child’s hat, just such a one as her daughter was wearing, only a little larger, and we went into the garden.		
Vera Nikolaevna started and looked round towards the open window.		
Its fragrance of the steppes instantaneously brought my own country to my mind, and stirred a passionate longing for it in my heart.		
They prayed devoutly for the soul of the dead man, whom in life they had not specially liked, whom they had feared indeed.		
I have made up my mind at last; I will tell you everything.		
As a betrothed, it was only fitting.’ Martin Petrovitch had obviously exhausted all the resources of his eloquence.		
As I hurried homewards with my booty, I saw a peasant ploughing near the roadside.		
Here it is really delicious.		
Though she, Anna, I daresay, is pleased to think that Evlampia, who was always so proud,and now see what she’s come to!… O … alas … alas!		
Isn’t it owing to that that she believes in apparitions?		
But I’m growing old, my lad; I’m on the shelf.		
I thought yesterday, upon my word I did.… Mercy on us!” I thought, Hasn’t our old friend gone right off his head?”’ ‘I’ve not gone off my head, madam,’ answered Martin Petrovitch; ‘I’m not that sort of man.		
In my childhood I used to see Tatiana only on saints’ days in church.		
From a certain point of view I can say that I have a great influence over her, and am, as it were, educating her; but she too, though she is unaware of it herself, is changing me for the better in many ways.		
‘I didn’t sleep all night,’ she said; ‘my head aches; I came out into the airit may go off.’ ‘Can that be the result of yesterday’s reading?’ I asked.		
‘Bravo!’ I said, going up to her; ‘how studious you are!’ She raised her head, and looked gravely and severely at me.		
‘No, I’m not,’ she answered, in a slow and dull voice.		
When I had got out into the middle of the Rhine, I asked the ferryman to let the boat float down with the current.		
but there, he’s grown quite meek now.		
My mother did not herself, indeed, insist; to dry Harlov was obviously out of the question; they contented themselves with hastily wiping up his traces on the floor.		
‘Say no more, Martin Petrovitch,’ my mother interposed hurriedly; ‘what does that signify?		
She was twisting some stalks of ripple grass round her fingers and snapping off their heads, slapping them against each other.		
Kvitsinsky, as a Catholic, remained in the next room.		
I went up to the room assigned to me, and stood a long while at the window before I undressed and got into bed.		
My heart throbbed painfully though not rapidly.		
Acia was a little disconcerted.		
‘Why don’t you tell me about your tour?’ Acia murmured.		
You will hear all about her from Yakov,” he added, pointing to the valet.		
The German brought out a pipe, smoked his shag, and, only fancy, began singing in a rather pleasing bass.		
I will do everything you tell me,’ she added, turning to me with innocent confidence.		
‘Have you been there?’ he asked, with a motion of his head.		
His appearance was so alarming that the two stableboys who had already got up to the garret, dropped instantly back again to the ground by the waterpipe, to the great glee of the serf boys, who positively roared with laughter.		
Tears rose into my eyes, but they were not the tears of aimless rapture.… What I was feeling was not the vague sense I had known of late of allembracing desire when the soul expands, resounds, when it feels that it grasps all, loves all.… No!		
On a little farm like ours, one can’t afford to let anything slip.’ ‘And this is the man Martin Petrovitch called a poor stick,”’ I thought.		
no, of vanilla, a scent of cactus, a wide expanse of water, a flat island overgrown with olives; on the island, at the edge of the shore, a small marble house, with open windows; music audible, coming from I know not where; in the house trees with dark leaves, and the light of a halfshaded lamp; from one window, a heavy velvet cloak, with gold fringe, hangs out with one end falling in the water; and with their arms on the cloak, sit he and she, gazing into the distance where Venice can be seen.		
The Hs, I hear, are annoyed with him for neglecting his lessons.		
I did not want to go to my own place; my father had died not long before, I had no near relations, I was afraid of the solitude and dreariness.… And so I was delighted to receive an invitation from a distant cousin to stay at his countryplace in T … province.		
Good luck go with thee, modest nook of Germany, with thy simple plenty, with traces everywhere of busy hands, of patient though leisurely toil.… Good luck and peace to thee!		
When she came to meet me, I almost cried out in amazement; it was simply a little girl of seventeen!		
At the grave, too, Evlampia stood, as it were, lost.		
I am greatly amused by the blinds in my room.		
If I, Martin Petrovitch Harlov, have decided to make a deed of partition, who can cancel the same act against my will?		
Next morning my mother, who was astonished and even alarmed, as much by Martin Petrovitch’s strange behaviour as by the extraordinary expression of his face, was on the point of sending a special messenger to him, when he made his appearance.		
There were a lot of people in the yard; peasantwomen, boys, and servantgirls stood close along the hedge.		
It seemed something utterly unlooked for, something terrible was stumbling headlong into our house.		
Well, I was standing moodily at my window, and I remember a sudden darkness came ona bluish darknessthough the clock only pointed to twelve.		
I used to recognise them a long way off by their walk, the cut of their clothes, and, most of all, by the expression of their faces which was selfcomplacent and supercilious, often imperious, but would all of a sudden change, and give place to an expression of shyness and cautiousness.… The whole man would suddenly be on his guard, his eyes would shift uneasily.… ‘Mercy upon us!		
XXIII ‘How have they turned you out?’ my mother asked, as soon as he had a little time to recover himself.		
From time to time he clenched and unclenched his fist, looked at his open hand, said that what he feared above everything was dying without repentance, from a stroke, and that he had made a vow to himself not to get angry, as anger vitiated his blood and drove it to his head.… Besides, he had now withdrawn from everything.		
And who was this monster?		
As he paid the old woman, Gagin asked for another mug of beer, and turning to me, cried with a sly face ‘To the health of the lady of your heart.’ ‘Why, has hehave you such a lady?’ Acia asked suddenly.		
it’s their first duty.		
One can’t begin life over again at my age.		
… ‘That Natalia Nikolaevna was greatly displeased at his proceedings, and had not expected it of him.…’ ‘One more pull!		
d’ye understand, you devils?’ they suddenly bowed all at once, as though at the word of command.		
This sudden withdrawal on the part of our host could not but break up the party, especially as the two hostesses also vanished not long after.		
I assured myself that the sole reason of my sudden distaste for their society was anger at their duplicity.		
On the projecting ledge, Acia actually was sitting.		
‘And there was I left, a boy of twenty, with a girl of thirteen on my hands!		
For a few instants I stood motionless.… Suddenly I startedshould I go up to them?‘On no consideration,’ flashed through my head.		
‘How was it, Gavrila Fedulitch,’ I began without further beating about the bush, ‘that your affair with Evlampia Martinovna was broken off?		
When I went in to Vera, she looked intently at me and did not respond to my bow.		
The new mistresses themselves were very dignified in their attitude, especially Anna.		
And, living in a small way as we do, that’s a matter of importance.		
‘Directly Tatiana died, my father took Acia into his house.		
Against the righthand wall of the parlour were standing Harlov’s daughters wearing their Sunday clothes: Anna, in a shot lilacgreen dress, with a yellow silk sash; Evlampia, in pink, with crimson ribbons.		
I felt reassured.		
They’ve passed their life long in fear and in submissionand all of a sudden … Good Lord!’ Harlov choked, there was a rattle in his throat.		
Not at once, but after.’ ‘Yes, madam,’ repeated the butler.		
He take a steward’s place indeed!		
Priemkov’s prediction was fulfilled; the storm came close, and broke.		
I ought to have run away directly I felt that I loved her, that I loved a married woman.		
Then I cleared my throat.… Priemkov asked me if I wouldn’t have some sugar water, and one could perceive that he was very well satisfied with himself for having put this question to me.		
Her face showed traces of weariness.		
Anna, at one moment, pushed her head out of the little window, then vanished, then hurried into the yard, then went back into the house.		
Profound silence reigned.		
At one dangerous place she purposely screamed, and then laughed.… I felt still more annoyed with her.		
Never desert him for another; never listen to any tales which you may hear of him, but reflect how terrible it would be for him to love and not to be loved!		
Bazarov rose and unfastened the casement, which swung backwards with a snap, for the reason that he had not expected it to open so easily, and that his hands were trembling.		
"Gentlemen," he exclaimed, "this is sheer Bedlam!"		
"I am here, Thenichka," he called.		
"Nevertheless, I have tarried overlong in a sphere which is alien to my personality.		
You will have your jest, I see.		
(She took the heavily bound volume into her hands.)		
Seldom going even for a stroll, she spent the most of her time in a state of gently querulous and panting, but not distasteful, inertia.		
"And I hate a great many people.		
Why should you hurry away?		
Then swearing is not indecent?"		
cried Paul Petrovitch.		
"True," assented Thenichka.		
Do not play the fool," "Ah, well!		
That I can see beyond a doubt."		
It is personality that matters, my dear sir: and the human personality requires to be as firm as a rock, in that there rests upon it the entire structure of society.		
"Indeed?		
Let me feel your pulse."		
"I think that unnecessary.		
You resemble Castor and Pollux themselves."		
X During the next two weeks life at Marino pursued its normal course.		
Then, behold!		
It was not a piece of news that I have just told you?"		
Yet, this point reached, he would end merely by stamping his feet, grinding his teeth, and mentally shaking his fist at himself.		
"Well, well!		
XI Half an hour later Nikolai Petrovitch sought his favourite arbour.		
"Every tree in it has been planted with my own handsorchard trees, and bush fruit trees, and every sort of medicinal herb.		
at length Nikolai Petrovitch inquired.		
"No, it may not prove easy, as you say; and the less so since the devil led me to vex my father this morning.		
Between its two windows there stood a fatlegged table, strewn with dusty, fusty papers; on the walls hung a number of Turkish weapons, nagaiki,[2] and swords, a couple of landscapes, a few anatomical plates, a portrait of Hufeland,[3] a blackframed monogram done in hair, and a diploma protected with a glass front; between two large birchwood cupboards stood a ragged, battered leathern sofa; on shelves lay huddled a miscellany of books, boxes, stuffed birds, jars, and bladders; and, lastly, in a corner reposed a broken electric battery.		
"How can I guess?"		
"I mean thatwell, how can I express it?		
[1] Justus Freiherr von Liebig (18031873), the great German chemistin particular, the founder of agricultural chemistry.		
"Who is the musician?"		
She did not reply.		
I merely want to be able to watch you as you read.		
He could only remain lost in wonder that bygone fancies could so survive in the human consciousness.		
"You say that you respect yourself.		
"My brother, there came to me just now a curious reminiscence.		
Not at all.		
Sitnikov gave a shrill giggle.		
"This, then, is where you have got to!"		
He glanced sharply at her as she opened the door, and she turned in his direction as inevitably as though he had signed to her to do so.		
Then let us philosophise no more, but 'permit nature to waft upon us the silence of sleep,' to quote Pushkin."		
The driver hitched his horses, and then, mounting to the box, inquired whether he was to drive to the right or to the left.		
"Good morning, Thenichka," the latter muttered.		
"The fellow is aiming straight for my nose," thought Bazarov to himself.		
"Indeed, would it not be better to go back?"		
she said, without, however, freeing her features from his grasp.		
"Do you know, ever since you gave me those capsulesyou remember them, do you not?Mitia has slept splendidly!		
VI Bazarov, returning, seated himself at the table, and fell to drinking tea.		
By tomorrow I shall be recovered.		
Then Bazarov continued: "I have been inspecting your father's establishment.		
"Anna Sergievna will be glad to see you in half an hour," the butler said.		
You know that, of course?"		
"Then engage."		
And please guess its use.		
"What Nelly, Paul?		
"Should you like some more tea?"		
"I agree with Evgenii," was his reply as, in his turn, he received a glance of astonishment from Katia.		
A life of that kind leads one to reflect in spite of oneself.		
Bazarov halted, and Arkady nodded to Thenichka as to an old acquaintance.		
How you or any one else can decline to recognise principles and precepts is a thing which passes my comprehension.		
"Then still there survives in you a trace of your old satirical tendency.		
So Katia produced the Viennese master's SonataFantasia in C minor.		
Now, hand me Mitia."		
Meanwhile Arina Vlasievna indulged in quiet weeping.		
"I am surprised, gentlemen," said Madame.		
"That you and I do not get on together?"		
"No.		
I will show it you."		
The fact that no one in the house had expected them was emphasised by the circumstance that when Madame entered the drawingroom they had already spent a considerable time there in awkward silence.		
By the mercy of God do the times compel every man to win his bread with his own hands.		
"Is he not just such a jolly, goodhearted, queer old fellow as your own father, though in a different way?		
"Pushkin never said any such thing," objected Arkady.		
"Ah!		
[6] Johann Lukas Schönlein (17931864), a noted German physician.		
"Wherefore, now that you have satisfied your mother's heart, I look to you to see also to the satisfaction of our honoured guests.		
"Is that also a moral phenomenon?"		
he cried.		
"Would the eventuality distress you?"		
he exclaimed.		
"And not only do I idolise himI am proud of him, and have as my one conceit the hope that some day there may stand in his biography the following words: 'He was the son of a plain military doctor who, nevertheless, had the wit to divine the merits of the subject of this book, and to spare no pains in his education.'"		
