"I knew, as soon as I saw you were entered for the exam," said Wraysford, "we had all been taking you up wrong.		
So Mr Bramble took no advantage by his last motion, and served the rest of his term of penal servitude, in the face of the entire class, under the immediate eye of Mr Rastle.		
Could it be possible their man was lacking in courage?		
He darted off to Oliver's study.		
"And Pembury shall kill me," squealed the last comer, who had comforted himself with several crusts of plumcakes and the dregs of about a dozen bottles of gingerbeer.		
"Well, I never reckoned to see you now," said he, in his usual jaunty manner.		
In due time the holidays ended, and the Dominicans reassembled once more in their venerable Alma Mater.		
Do you mean Morris's boy?"		
The cricket match of the following day, however, served to divert the thoughts of all parties for a time.		
"Well, I know I met Greenfield senior coming out of the Doctor's study on Saturday evening, about five minutes past nine.		
Help was at hand, or he could never have reached the bank.		
Oliver gripped the ball hard in his hand, and walked back to the end of his run.		
"I was below in the garden, you know, and could not make out what you were up to.		
"Well, I was sorry, too; so we'll say no more about that.		
"That would be a sensible thing to do!"		
"`Oh, dwellers in the land of dim perpetual,'" began Oliver.		
You might hear a pin fall as the old gentleman, in dumb show, places the certificate into the boy's hand and tries to get at the words which the silence has scared away.		
The hearts of both were fulltoo full for wordsbut I think, had the widowmother far away been able to divine the secret thoughts of her boys, hope would have mingled with all her pity and all her solicitude on their account.		
Now, reader, I ask you, if you had been one of the Fifth of Saint Dominic's would not all this have been very riling?		
"Or boil them in tar?"		
"Not?		
"Oh, I say, you know," began Simon, nervously, but smiling most affably, "all the fellows are going to cut you, you know, Greenfield.		
The musical set at the school, too, were busy rehearsing part songs for the evening's festivities, and the dramatic set were terribly immersed for a fortnight beforehand in the preparations for a grand charade.		
He calls on the next name as composedly as he can, and proceeds with the business of the day.		
Loman, who was evidently prepared for the scene, looked up angrily as he replied, "Fight me?		
exclaimed Ricketts, one of the idle ones of the Fifth.		
"Who told you he took it?"		
"What, Greenfield says he took the paper?"		
"I wish that miserable brute of a Nightingale had been scragged, that I do!		
Didn't I tell you I won't hear what it was about, sir!"		
What is it to the Dominican?		
Ricketts, by the way, had not done a stroke of work that he could possibly help all the term!		
"Answer me please, Loman.		
My eye, Bramble!"		
"Afraid it won't do, mister."		
MR CRIPPS AT SAINT DOMINIC'S.		
Could he but get this 20 pounds and pay off Cripps he would be happy.		
"You know as well as I do," said Wraysford.		
He did not get up, and he could not get down.		
About that paper, you know, the time I met you coming out of the Doctor's study.		
"Mr Lmn followed on the same side.		
Oh, horrors!		
"Well, you said so yourself," put in Bramble, a little mildly, for since Stephen's exploit yesterday that young hero had advanced a good deal in the respect of his fellows.		
Stephen and Paul were hoarse with yelling, as first one wicket, then another, went down for scarcely a run.		
exclaimed Loman, in a passion; "if I have any more of your impudence I'll box your ears!"		
By the time he and Wraysford went in the evening to read over what had been sent in, the poem on the Guineapigs was complete.		
For the Landfield man has no notion of coming to close quarters; he is their crack dropkick, and would be an ass indeed if he did not employ his talent with such a chance as this.		
If he, Loman, had felt quite certain that he had damaged the rod himself, of course he would not think of such a thing; but he was not at all certain the thing was not defective to begin with.		
"Dunno so much about that, but the governor, he says he's dead on the job this time, he says, and if you don't show up sharp with the stumpy, he says he'll give you a call himself and wake you up, he says" "Tell him I'll come, and go off quick," said Loman, hurriedly.		
he said, in a forced tone and manner utterly unlike his old self.		
Stephen stared at his master, and the master looked very pleasantly at Stephen.		
He was in the cricket eleven, and he was intellectual very, very much so.		
"No," said Loman, beginning to feel uncomfortable.		
"The Guineapigs and Tadpoles," said the Dominican, "looked quite unearthly in their cleanliness.		
He had come to Saint Dominic's with a great quantity of good resolutions, the chief of which was that he would work hard and keep out of mischief, and it grieved him much to find that in neither aim was he succeeding.		
The fellows tried to make me think I was the real winner of the Nightingale, and I was idiot enough half to believe it.		
There was no doubt about it, he was a hero.		
A charming afternoon's occupation this for a boy of seventeen!		
But the magic has suddenly gone out of prizeday, and no coaxing can bring it back.		
"I really can't this time," said Tom.		
The swift flood sweeps on and sucks under its prey with fearful force.		
Nothing like having an object when you're grinding."		
"I may as well.		
Things never turn out at cricket as one expects, however, and the second innings of the Sixth was no exception to the rule.		
"Whatwhatever does it matter," he said, "if the fellow did take it?		
"Why ever not?"		
"I'm not the best, or anything like," said Oliver, warmly; "I hate your saying soI wish almost I had never told you anything about it."		
The blow had been a cowardly one, and certainly unmerited, and by all schoolboy tradition one fairly demanding a return.		
I can't tell what's in your pocket."		
Wraysford gave it up in disgust.		
Oliver looks up as they approach.		
"Suppose," began Pembury, after a pause"suppose, when Braddy's done playing the fool, if such a time ever comes" Here Braddy collapsed entirely.		
"How do you feel?"		
"They all" "What did Loman do, I say?"		
Still, Wraysford, now his mind was made up, was not to be put from his purpose.		
Loman, remain here, please.		
I'll let all the fellows know he refused to fight you!"		
"They'll simply eat us up while they've got the chance, you see!"		
"Two years, sir."		
Where, whichever way you go, you find yourself alone?		
The County does mark that man, and they have the painful task of marking him pass one halfback and floor another before he is arrested.		
"Played up, Dominies!"		
and here Mr Cripps looked very fierce.		
4to, 5 pp.		
He published about 250 works.		
), A History of the Attempts that have been      made to convert the Popish Native of Ireland.		
[A.]		
The types of the first printers were certainly without them, and as late as 1540 French moulds had none.		
The {177} same types are, with few exceptions, used in both.		
Hebrew.―      2line Great Primer.		
.		
Small Pica.		
Brevier.		
Mr. Caslon dying intestate, his property was divided equally between his widow and her two sons, William and Henry, the chief superintendence of the business devolving on William Caslon III, at that time quite a young man.		
Explanationes           │  d,e  │                      │  │ ...   │Swyneshed.		
[195] This misguided reformer lived at Banbury, where, in 1804, he printed an edition of Rasselas, 8vo, in his improved” types.		
No fount, however, appeared in England till 1667—the alphabets shown in the Introduction and Prolegomena to the London Polyglot in 1655 and 1657 being cut on wood.		
The punches were sealed up in an earthen pot, possibly to protect them from rust or injury; or possibly, because having once served their purpose in striking the matrices, they were put aside as of little or no use.		
To be viewed on      Wednesday, May 29th, and to the Time of Sale.		
1786.		
London, 1686, folio.		
2line Double Pica full face capitals, 26.		
In 1841, the firm took its present style of Stephenson, Blake & Co. Mr. Stephenson directed the operations of the Sheffield foundry until 1860, when the management devolved on his son, Mr. Henry Stephenson, in whose hands it still remains.		
It had been preceded in 1760 by some very elegant editions of the Book of Common Prayer,[566] all published at Cambridge in his capacity of University printer.		
[Illustration] THE OXFORD UNIVERSITY FOUNDRY.		
Those gentlemen who are inclined to encourage so      pleasing an improvement may, by favouring her with their commands,      be now supplied with Baskerville’s elegant types at no higher      expence than the prices already established in the trade.”[579]      April 6, 1775. The following further advertisement intimates that two years later the typefounding business was still carried on under the same management:―      The late Mr. Baskerville, having taken some pains to establish      and perfect a Letterfoundry for the more readily casting of      Printingtypes for sale, and as the undertaking was finished      but a little before his death, it is now become necessary for      his widow, Mrs. Baskerville, to inform all Printers that she      continues the same business, and has now ready for sale, a large      stock of types, of most sizes, cast with all possible care, and      dressed with the utmost accuracy.		
8vo.		
[497]                         [Head][Mitchell]      Long Primer.		
In 1821 he issued a specimen of Moderncut Printing Types, and shortly afterwards took into partnership Mr. J. J. Catherwood, formerly a partner of Mr. Henry Caslon II, who, since his retirement from that business, appears for a short time to have had a foundry of his own at Charles Street, Hoxton.		
CARTON’S SYSTEM.		
A boy then offered      himself to be bound; but no Warden being present, he was desired      to defer until next month, when several were bound; some freemen      made; and others admitted on the livery; one of whom, at least,      has frequently polled at Guildhall in contested elections.”[729] No particular notice appears to have been taken of the proceedings, and the rebellion was short lived.		
Improved      {231} by the late Reverend (sic) and Learned Edward Rowe      Mores, deceased.		
Published as a Specimen of      Typography.		
(Bibl.		
A word or two must be added in relation to the Specimen.		
English 3, Roman, 96.		
A later specimen bears the name of Mr. G. W. Bower alone, and in 1841 the firm was Bower Brothers, who published Proposals for establishing a graduated scale of sizes for the bodies of Printing Types, and fixing their heighttopaper, based upon Pica as the common standard.		
No complete specimen of his type remains later than that of 1803; although the numerous loose sheets which appeared after that date, and the fact that as many as 132 pages of composed specimens were left in type at the time of his death, show that one, if not several books had been issued during the interval.		
.		
The literary duel between the Caslons and the Frys was perhaps the least injurious outcome of this spirit.		
The Great Primer Script, which, it must be acknowledged, is the      Ne plus ultra of every effort of the Letter Founder in imitation      of writing, was made for the Proprietor by the celebrated Firmin      Didot, at Paris; the Matrices are of Steel, and the impressions      from the Punches sunk in inlaid Silver ![643]      In taking leave of a Profession, which has for many years      engaged his whole attention, the Proprietor begs to convey,      through this channel, the high sense of obligation he hopes to      retain during his life, for the great encouragement with which      he has been favoured for so long a period; as well as for the      generous assistance and advice of many of his learned Friends, in      the getting up, and accurate completion of various undertakings.		
In 1574, however, metal types were provided, and several works were produced.		
As was the case with the Roman letter, many of our printers at the close of the seventeenth century preferred the Dutch Greeks, which at that time were good, particularly those cut by the Wetsteins.		
An apprentice sitting at the table completes the dressing, holding one end of the stick tilted while he passes his scraper over the front and back of the row of types.		
.		
Cursive.―      Double Pica, ...      Great Primer, 69.		
[633] The new style may have been considered an improvement at the time, but a later judgment has endorsed the regret with which Dr. Fry and others witnessed the then entire abandonment of the timehonoured and graceful Elzevircut characters of the first Caslon.		
*       *       *       *       * Among the other peculiar characters cut by Moxon may be mentioned the symbols used in Mr. George Adams’ scientific works, and the Philosophic or Real Character” designed by Bishop John Wilkins for his learned Essay towards a Universal Language, printed in 1668.		
To accommodate himself to this fashion must have involved Mr. Figgins in a considerable sacrifice of his early labour and industry, and the circumstance may possibly account for the somewhat remarkable absence of any specimen bearing his name for a lengthened period.		
[499]                  [Caslon II]  SEPTENTRIONALS.		
Bible printed by, 124; Music type of, 77; Dibdin’s tribute to, 101 Grammar of the Bengal Language, Hoogly, 1778; 318 Grammar of the Sanskrita Language, Lond.		
According to the former, Thomas, John and George James were all brothers, and sons of the notorious halfcrazy Elianor James, whose husband, Thomas James, the printer, was a large benefactor to Sion College, and died in 1711.		
The year 1785 was prolific in Specimens of the Chiswell Street foundry.		
8vo.		
[235] Anecdotes of Literature and Scarce Books. London, 1807–12.		
Swinney and Hawkins, Printers, Birmingham.		
Amongst others, he cut a beautiful {323} fount of Pica Greek for Mr. Bowyer, who,” says Nichols,[664] used to say that the types in common use were no more Greek than they were English.” He had also, under the direction of Joseph Steele, the ingenious author of Prosodia Rationalis,[665] augmented the number of musical notes by such as represent the emphasis and cadence of prose.” This curious work, designed to show how the recitation of Garrick and other eminent speakers might be transmitted to posterity in score, was printed by Nichols in 1779, being an amplified edition of a treatise published four years previously,[666] in which Jackson’s expression symbols” were made use of.		
A considerable number of rival systems have competed in this country for adoption, greatly to the prejudice of the cause of education among the blind.		
[S.A.]      Nonpareil.		
At the same time, it is noteworthy that, whereas in many of the early decrees papermaking, bookbinding and bookselling are distinctly mentioned, letterfounding is invariably ignored.		
.		
The most important of these we here briefly summarize: {79} 1.		
But if any one desires to see her as she was when she was the favourite of Dr. Hudson and the Oxonians, they may view her pourtraiture in the initial G of the EnglishSaxon Homily on the Birthday of St. Gregory” (Dissertation, p. 29).		
I have sent a few Specimens (same as the enclosed) to the Courts      of Russia and Denmark, and shall endeavour to do the same to      most of the Courts in Europe; in hopes of finding in some of      them a purchaser of the whole scheme, on the Condition of never      attempting another Type.		
Etonæ, in Collegio Regali, Excudebat Joannes Norton, in Græcis &c. Regius Typographus. 1610–13.		
Gr.		
28, post.		
[Illustration] {355} [Illustration] CHAPTER XX.		
mouldmaker, brother to Wm.		
MS.		
1831.—JAMES THOMSON.		
Clarendon Press, Sept. 29, 1770.		
Script type of, 173 Day (Jno.)		
With the exception of the founts purchased at James’ sale in 1782 (which are distinguished by the initials), most of the characters were cut by, or under the direction of, Dr. Fry himself.		
[166] This lastnamed work, which may be regarded as one of the first historical monuments of English letterfounding, contained a preface by Parker, in which {96} Day’s performance in cutting the punches is thus particularly alluded to:—Jam vero cum Dayus typographus primus (et omnium certè quod sciam solus) has formas æri inciderit; facilè quæ Saxonicis literis perscripta sunt, iisdem typis divulgabuntur.”[167] The Saxon fount, as will be seen by the facsimile, is an English in body, very clear and bold.		
[299] In the British Museum Catalogue of Early English Books to 1640, the name of John Grismand appears as publisher of twentyfour books between 1597 and 1636.		
And the Lord have mercy upon your soul.” [221] Printers were ordered to enter into a bond of £300 to the Crown not to misconduct themselves, but no bond appears to have been exacted by this Act from letterfounders.		
Cottrell died, I am sorry to add, not in affluent circumstances, though to his profession of a letterfounder were superadded that of a doctor for the toothache, which he cured by {292} burning the ear; and had also the honour of serving in the Troop of His Majesty’s Life Guards.”[597] The following is the summary of his foundry as gathered from his specimen book, together with the additional founts cut subsequently:― MR. COTTRELL’S FOUNDRY.		
contrary to the intent and meaninge hereof; .		
[N.?]		
The characteristic letters in which he describes this expedition to his brother are given by Rowe Mores,[404] and present so instructive and entertaining a picture of the Dutch typefounders of the day, that we are tempted to copy them in extenso.		
Sir Charles Reed died in 1881, and the business is now in the hands of his two sons.		
He appears specially to have applied himself to the production of this lastnamed character, and attained the reputation of being the best music type cutter in the trade.		
Codex), Oxford 1715; 321 Acta Sanctorum Hiberniæ, Louvain, 1645; 75 Adams (Geo.		
Thorowgood’s, late Thorne’s, Specimen of Printing Types,      1828.		
Cottrell                     297  1763.		
By which I understood he was struck with the beauty of my sweet Jeannette; for the which I forgave him much.		
Next day I was too miserable toiling alone at the rents in the hold to see or care much what passed.		
She's a witch, I tell'ee; and mark me if the next bundle of sticks I carry up be not for her burning.		
"The sun has gone," said the maiden presently, laying her hand on Ludar's arm.		
what a name to call me"better to be serving your calling in London than dangling here at the skirts of a parcel of women.		
This vexed me sorely, for I had supposed the battle at an end.		
No wonder if she was ill; with not a soul to pity her save a poor old body like me.		
I begged Will to take me to his friend that I might hear more, and plainly told him my reason.		
Then, when they were satisfied, I asked would they like to spy in my pockets, whereat they departed somewhat ruffled, and left me to breathe again.		
said he, with his hand at his belt.		
Only I was glad he hinted that I might presently come back to see them.		
At that he looked uneasy and said Jack Gedge was not there.		
"Maiden," said I, "have patience.		
That's all.		
"The Captain quitted the Hall at daybreak," said I.		
It smote me to the heart to mark the struggle in my comrade's face to keep down the ravenous joy which for a moment hailed the coming in of these good things.		
Here, follow me," said I, leading him up the narrow stairs, "here is a room where you should be safe," and I put him into the chamber that was once the maiden's.		
I cried; "are you gone mad?"		
I could see the waterman's boat behind me come through the Bridge, and guessed well enough that some other craft near it were joining in the pursuit.		
Ludar told me, what he never told the Don, that he had been captured as he returned in the cockboat by a boat of the enemy's, belonging to the ship Revenge.		
"'Tis a custom with us," said she, "for the chiefs to take wives who are theirs only so long as a better does not present herself.		
Then there was great joy on board the Rata.		
CHAPTER TWELVE.		
Ludar heard the soldier first.		
He flung his senseless burden to the ground with a curse, and was turning to the horse, when I stepped out, sword in hand, and faced him.		
After much ado, I was admitted to see Master Walgrave, in the White Lion.		
I dreamed all night that Ludar was calling to me to turn back, while the maiden was bidding me go forward; and betwixt them I was torn in two, and lay kicking all night, listening to the clatter of hoofs that went past, and fancying that while I tarried there, his Grace of Canterbury was carrying off my sweet Jeannette, I know not whither.		
"Are you alone?"		
A voice from above restored me to life.		
said he, "and speak not to me unless it be to say, dinner is served."		
"I," said Sir John, pulling himself up, "as representing her gracious Majesty" Here Sorley Boy stalked off to where a miniature picture of her Majesty hung on the wall.		
When, about midnight, halfstifled with the heat, we came on deck, the Rata was running before the wind at the rear of the Armada, heading for the French coast; and the lanthorns of the English had dropped a league behind.		
But as for me, men looked once, twice, and thrice at me before they would believe it was Humphrey Dexter.		
Then he held out his great hand, and she lay her little hand in it, and her true eyes flashed up to meet his.		
How I followed him 'twould be hard to say.		
I fear we shall none of us get more than will whet our appetite.		
Fortune favoured us that day, as she had handled us roughly in the days before.		
Wait till then.		
There is sore distress in their camp, and I durst not put in my head.		
Come, away with them to the city."		
He had not gone twenty yards from me, when there was a great shout and clatter of horsemen, and before I well knew what had happened, I saw Sir Ludar disarmed in the clutches of half a dozen men.		
We, being mounted, distanced most of them.		
The plot, we heard, was a devilish one to murder the Queen and her ministers, and give England up to the heretic Spaniard.		
Presently, Ludar came up to where we stood.		
'Twas a wild, weird scenethose hundreds of citizens lit up by the fierce glare of the bonfires, whose roar mingled with the shoutings, and whose heat was less than the loyal fires which blazed in our bosoms.		
It was vain, I knew, to attempt to learn more from the sleepy caretaker, at least till morning; nor was there anyone else, that I knew of, from whom I could get satisfaction.		
Some of his masters he had defied, others he had scorned, one he had nearly slain.		
He tore it open and read it eagerly, and, as he did so, his face relaxed into a grim smile.		
Would that I could show him to you as he stood there; his face ablaze with triumph, yet almost humbled with his good fortune.		
To that there was no access save by the small ladder, which I accordingly wrenched from its place and swung round with all my might at my assailants.		
I know not why, I grudged to see him go in.		
"Little you know, master 'prentice.		
Then I perceived, suddenly, on our right a twinkle of light which presently increased to a lurid flame.		
"I was that boy."		
HOW WE BROUGHT THE MAIDEN TO HER FATHER'S HOUSE.		
So I kept steadily on, scarcely holding my own with my pursuers, until at length, to my joy, I saw her put about and bear down full upon me.		
In the danger of last night his face had been troubled and his manner excited.		
"Nay," said I, "'tis no place for you, maiden.		
"I know not," said the maiden, "but I saw one sailor, an hour ago, catch three."		
At first, it seemed, in this cockleshell, we were little better off than clinging to the spar, for every wave threatened to swamp it.		
So near was it, I wondered whether it might not be the lighting of a match at our own guns.		
My arm hangs feeble at my side.		
"Humphrey," said Ludar, "if it be any comfort to you, I like not these Dons."		
From where we stood we could see but little of the fight, except that within a few yards of the enemy Alexander halted his men, and then, stepping forward sword in hand, boldly dared the English leader, whoever he might be, to single combat.		
Your master is too busy a man; one press was not enough for him, nor one libel.		
Lucky for us, the woods on either bank were too dense to allow them to get within shot of us.		
As I stood craning my neck forward, gazing under my hands seaward, there crowded into my memory visions of all my past life.		
There, too, was the great Cathedral with its crowd of loungers, and Fleet Street full of swaggering 'prentices, and the River sparkling in the sun.		
Alas!		
"Can it be true?"		
"'Tis as well this journey of yours failed," said she.		
"When do you start?"		
Our captain, brave man as he was, lost courage when he found the water coming higher in the hold, and saw the Misericorde labour harder with every new wave and ship more water each time than the last.		
I had no mind to put myself again within reach of his worship, the Mayor of Oxford, and his merry men; so I tugged my right rein and kept my horse's head turned to the wooded hills northward.		
'Tis said 'twas some spirit."		
flung a stone my way, and would have followed it up had not Peter taken his arm and forcibly held him back.		
When he discovered that the maidenhis once mistress and incomparable swanwas of our household, he fell into strange raptures concerning the indulgences of the gods towards their favouritesmeaning himself.		
said I.		
Afterwards he told me that he found her there, half stunned by the wind, but never flinching, or yielding a point out of the course.		
But they would not hear of that, and for fear of betraying myself, I forbore to press it, and went betimes to bed, promising to be away before daybreak on the morrow.		
And the captain was very glad of the aid; for it was all the crew could do to keep the Misericorde taut and straight in her course.		
Little trouble to you to send us from one cruel fate to a worse!		
The inn where I had lain was at the river's bank, and yet no road seemed to lead to it or from it.		
