though	-PRON-	have	no	opportunity	to	hear	-PRON-	confess	-PRON-	,	bembo	's	intention	to	destroy	-PRON-	be	beyond	all	question	.		
there	be	a	low	,	rustle	breeze	;	and	below	,	in	the	vale	,	the	leaf	be	quiver	;	the	sea	lie	,	blue	and	serene	,	in	the	distance	;	and	inland	the	surface	swell	up	,	ridge	after	ridge	,	and	peak	upon	peak	,	all	bath	in	the	indian	haze	of	the	tropics	,	and	dreamy	to	look	upon	.		
-PRON-	dart	-PRON-	harpoon	,	and	miss	;	and	the	fish	sound	.		
"	aramai	!	"		
the	tappaof	the	coarse	kindwas	in	one	long	,	heavy	piece	;	and	,	fasten	one	end	to	a	column	of	habiscus	wood	support	the	calabooza	,	-PRON-	go	off	a	few	pace	,	and	put	the	other	about	-PRON-	waist	,	wind	-PRON-	right	up	to	the	post	.		
the	hegira	,	or	flight	"	-PRON-	say	,	doctor	,	"	cry	-PRON-	,	a	few	day	after	-PRON-	adventure	with	the	goblin	,	as	,	in	the	absence	of	-PRON-	host	,	-PRON-	be	one	morning	lounge	upon	the	matting	in	-PRON-	dwelling	,	smoke	-PRON-	reed	pipe	,	"	tamai	be	a	thriving	place	;	why	not	settle	down	?	"		
at	the	time	,	-PRON-	be	quite	amazed	to	hear	of	pressgang	in	a	day	of	comparative	peace	;	but	the	anomaly	be	account	for	by	the	fact	that	,	of	late	,	the	french	have	be	build	up	a	great	military	marine	,	to	take	the	place	of	that	which	nelson	give	to	the	wave	of	the	sea	at	trafalgar	.		
now	and	then	-PRON-	run	up	a	score	at	the	dance	houses	in	honolulu	,	where	the	illustrious	tammahammaha	iii	afterwards	call	and	settle	the	bill	.		
the	singer	,	also	,	seem	to	enjoy	-PRON-	mightily	;	some	of	-PRON-	pause	,	now	and	then	,	and	look	round	,	as	if	to	realize	the	scene	more	fully	.		
here	-PRON-	lounge	at	-PRON-	ease	,	eat	baked	pig	and	breadfruit	off	earthen	plate	,	and	use	,	for	the	first	time	in	many	a	long	month	,	real	knife	and	fork	.		
-PRON-	pant	hard	and	fast	a	moment	or	two	;	and	then	,	just	as	the	deep	flush	be	die	away	from	-PRON-	face	,	slowly	recede	,	all	round	;	thus	enlarge	the	ring	.		
with	some	exception	,	the	general	appearance	of	the	native	of	partoowye	be	far	good	than	that	of	the	inhabitant	of	papeetee	:	a	circumstance	only	to	be	impute	to	-PRON-	restricted	intercourse	with	foreigner	.		
upon	which	,	-PRON-	seem	to	get	beside	-PRON-	;	and	the	boy	,	who	,	with	suspend	paddle	,	be	star	about	-PRON-	,	receive	a	sound	box	over	the	head	,	which	set	-PRON-	to	work	in	a	twinkling	,	and	bring	the	canoe	quite	near	.		
upon	a	near	approach	,	the	picture	lose	not	-PRON-	attraction	.		
for	-PRON-	own	part	,	-PRON-	feel	that	-PRON-	be	under	a	foreign	flag	;	that	an	english	consul	be	close	at	hand	,	and	that	sailor	seldom	obtain	justice	.		
the	most	curious	of	the	doctor	's	joke	,	be	hoist	the	man	aloft	by	the	foot	or	shoulder	,	when	-PRON-	fall	asleep	on	deck	during	the	nightwatch	.		
one	be	etarnally	thinkin	'	-PRON-	be	always	july	,	-PRON-	be	so	pesky	hot	.	"		
doctor	long	ghost	and	-PRON-	,	however	,	never	meddle	with	these	preliminary	,	but	come	to	the	feast	-PRON-	with	unimpaired	energy	.		
"	stand	by	for	stay	,	"	roar	flash	jack	,	bawl	off	with	the	cook	's	axe	,	at	the	fastening	of	the	mainstay	.		
-PRON-	be	an	atrocious	piece	of	exaggeration	,	from	begin	to	end	;	and	those	who	sign	-PRON-	could	not	have	know	what	-PRON-	be	about	.		
-PRON-	long	friend	engage	-PRON-	favourite	,	the	two	young	girl	,	at	the	game	of	"	now	,	"	or	hunt	a	stone	under	three	pile	of	tappa	.		
'	the	devil	mattee	ye	,	'	say	i'give	-PRON-	something	to	eat	!	'		
wicked	priest	here	,	too	;	and	wicked	idol	in	woman	's	clothe	,	and	brass	chain	.		
"	those	poor	fellow	-PRON-	see	the	other	daythe	sick	,	-PRON-	meanhow	be	-PRON-	?	"		
on	the	return	of	the	boat	,	sometime	after	dark	,	-PRON-	learn	a	good	deal	from	old	baltimore	,	who	,	have	be	allow	to	run	about	as	much	as	-PRON-	please	,	have	spend	-PRON-	time	gossip	.		
or	-PRON-	will	dart	a	harpoon	at	ye	!	"		
the	cannonading	have	hardly	die	away	,	when	jermin	's	voice	be	hear	give	an	order	so	unexpected	that	everyone	start	.		
presently	-PRON-	make	out	the	following:"ah	!		
about	ship	!	"		
cowed	,	as	-PRON-	suppose	-PRON-	be	,	from	-PRON-	attitude	,	the	man	,	rejoice	at	see	-PRON-	thus	humble	,	leave	-PRON-	;	after	rat	-PRON-	,	in	sailor	style	,	for	a	cannibal	and	a	coward	.		
-PRON-	brown	hand	be	on	the	boat	's	gunwale	;	and	-PRON-	be	haul	aboard	in	the	very	midst	of	the	mad	bubble	that	burst	under	the	bow	.		
this	conclusion	,	however	,	be	not	altogether	satisfactory	.		
in	the	annals	of	the	island	be	example	of	extravagant	friendship	,	unsurpass	by	the	story	of	damon	and	pythias	:	in	truth	,	much	more	wonderful	;	for	,	notwithstanding	the	devotioneven	of	life	in	some	casesto	which	-PRON-	lead	,	-PRON-	be	frequently	entertain	at	first	sight	for	some	stranger	from	another	island	.		
now	,	there	be	no	lack	of	idle	sailor	ashore	,	mostly	"	beachcomber	,	"	who	have	form	-PRON-	into	an	organized	gang	,	head	by	one	mack	,	a	scotchman	,	whom	-PRON-	style	the	commodore	.		
another	security	against	roguery	be	the	permanent	residence	upon	the	premise	of	-PRON-	chief	,	tonoi	.		
as	for	the	mob	cap	,	not	a	fig	do	-PRON-	care	for	-PRON-	;	but	,	to	be	take	for	anything	but	a	cavalier	,	by	the	ringleted	one	,	be	absolutely	unendurable	.		
captain	bob	and	-PRON-	friend	live	in	a	little	hamlet	hard	by	;	and	when	morning	show	in	the	east	,	the	old	gentleman	come	forth	from	that	direction	likewise	,	emerge	from	a	grove	,	and	salute	-PRON-	loudly	as	-PRON-	approach	.		
but	before	the	deed	could	be	do	,	the	face	become	natural;a	sigh	be	heaved;the	eyelid	quiver	,	open	,	closed	;	and	long	ghost	,	twitch	all	over	,	roll	on	-PRON-	side	,	and	breathe	audibly	.		
chapter	li	.		
these	be	the	missionary	,	-PRON-	wife	,	and	child	,	take	a	family	airing	.		
thus	only	could	-PRON-	account	for	-PRON-	conduct	.		
-PRON-	seem	to	be	quite	proud	of	-PRON-	residence	there	;	and	allude	to	-PRON-	in	the	same	significant	way	in	which	a	provincial	inform	-PRON-	that	in	-PRON-	time	-PRON-	have	reside	in	the	capital	.		
indeed	,	no	one	but	jermin	could	have	prevent	this	murder	.		
-PRON-	be	preposterously	lofty	;	indeed	,	a	capital	bird'seye	view	of	the	congregation	ought	to	be	have	from	-PRON-	summit	.		
there	be	tailor	,	and	blacksmith	,	and	carpenter	also	;	but	not	one	of	-PRON-	be	a	native	.		
and	-PRON-	look	at	long	ghost	.		
under	zeke	's	protection	,	-PRON-	be	secure	from	all	impertinent	interference	in	-PRON-	concern	on	the	part	of	the	native	.		
ye	villain	,	-PRON-	scorn	ye	!	"		
hawaii	be	some	one	hundred	league	in	circuit	,	and	cover	an	area	of	over	four	thousand	mile	.		
-PRON-	freely	tell	-PRON-	so	.		
the	canoe	be	haul	up	on	the	beach	;	the	net	be	spread	to	dry	.		
by	many	-PRON-	be	suppose	that	,	should	the	captain	leave	the	ship	,	the	crew	be	no	longer	bind	by	-PRON-	article	.		
-PRON-	be	sunday	in	tahiti	and	a	glorious	morning	,	when	captain	bob	,	waddle	into	the	calabooza	,	startle	-PRON-	by	announce	"	ahmy	boyshippy	-PRON-	,	harremaky	sail	!	"		
still	adhere	to	-PRON-	resolution	to	keep	the	ship	at	sea	in	spite	of	everything	,	the	captain	,	doubtless	,	intend	to	set	-PRON-	ashore	,	leave	the	vessel	,	under	the	mate	,	to	resume	-PRON-	voyage	at	once	;	but	after	a	certain	period	agree	upon	,	to	touch	at	the	island	,	and	take	-PRON-	off	.		
what	be	-PRON-	reason	for	take	laudanum	,	if	,	indeed	,	-PRON-	take	any	whatev	,	be	best	know	to	-PRON-	;	and	,	as	-PRON-	be	neither	mine	nor	the	reader	's	business	,	-PRON-	will	say	no	more	about	-PRON-	.		
by	the	side	of	wilson	be	the	mate	,	barehead	,	-PRON-	gray	lock	lie	in	ring	upon	-PRON-	bronze	brow	,	and	-PRON-	keen	eye	scan	the	crowd	as	if	-PRON-	know	-PRON-	every	thought	.		
after	a	talk	with	the	mate	,	the	consul	withdraw	,	go	aboard	the	french	frigate	,	which	lie	within	a	cable	's	length	.		
a	dilapidated	old	musket	of	tonoi	's	be	borrow	for	the	doctor	.		
"	mr.	jermin	,	"	-PRON-	cry	loftily	,	and	not	deign	to	notice	the	respectful	salutation	of	the	person	address	,	"	mr.	jermin	,	tack	ship	,	and	stand	off	from	the	land	.	"		
invalid	whale	captain	often	adopt	a	plan	like	this	;	but	,	in	the	present	instance	,	-PRON-	be	wholly	unwarranted	;	and	,	everything	consider	,	at	war	with	the	commonest	principle	of	prudence	and	humanity	.		
-PRON-	be	use	in	lamp	and	for	machinery	,	be	much	cheap	than	the	sperm	,	and	,	for	both	purpose	,	good	than	the	rightwhale	oil	.		
the	pendent	sleev	add	much	to	the	effect	,	the	doctor	call	-PRON-	the	bashaw	with	two	tails	.		
withdraw	into	a	covert	,	-PRON-	there	wait	for	the	wild	hog	;	which	,	accord	to	zeke	,	would	soon	make	-PRON-	appearance	,	lure	by	the	smell	of	blood	.		
such	queer	idea	as	-PRON-	entertain	of	the	hat	stranger	.		
pause	an	instant	,	the	sailor	press	softly	the	chest	of	-PRON-	victim	,	sound	-PRON-	slumber	;	and	then	hitch	the	cord	to	-PRON-	ankle	,	return	to	the	deck	.		
at	last	-PRON-	leave	-PRON-	;	but	long	as	-PRON-	could	see	-PRON-	at	all	,	there	be	poky	,	stand	alone	and	motionless	in	the	bow	of	-PRON-	canoe	.		
from	afrehitoo	-PRON-	go	to	this	place	by	a	lonely	pathway	lead	through	the	wildest	scenery	in	the	world	.		
doctor	long	ghost	,	who	see	-PRON-	thus	,	run	away	with	the	idea	that	-PRON-	be	under	medical	treatment	at	the	timein	the	act	of	taking	,	what	the	quack	call	,	a	"	sweat	.	"		
judge	,	then	,	-PRON-	feeling	when	viner	,	the	lost	third	mate	,	the	instant	-PRON-	touch	the	deck	,	rush	up	and	wring	-PRON-	by	the	hand	.		
but	to	-PRON-	story	.		
dash	forever	against	-PRON-	coral	rampart	,	the	breaker	look	,	in	the	distance	,	like	a	line	of	rear	white	charger	,	rein	in	,	toss	-PRON-	white	mane	,	and	bridle	with	foam	.		
spear	fish	be	glorious	sport	.		
from	above	,	-PRON-	enter	by	a	plank	,	with	two	elect	,	slant	down	from	the	scuttle	,	which	be	a	mere	hole	in	the	deck	.		
there	be	a	sort	of	sidecloth	in	one	corner	,	upon	which	,	in	bright	,	buff	jacket	,	lie	the	fat	of	banana	;	"	ave	,	"	redripe	:	guavas	with	the	shadow	of	-PRON-	crimson	pulp	flush	through	a	transparent	skin	,	and	almost	come	and	go	there	like	blush	;	orange	,	ting	,	here	and	there	,	berrybrown	;	and	great	,	jolly	melon	,	which	roll	about	in	very	portliness	.		
-PRON-	be	about	this	time	that	the	whalingship	,	which	have	-PRON-	regular	season	for	cruising	,	begin	to	arrive	at	papeetee	;	and	of	course	-PRON-	crew	frequently	visit	-PRON-	.		
retire	for	the	nightthe	doctor	grow	devout	they	put	-PRON-	to	bed	very	pleasantly	.		
yet	,	in	spite	of	all	-PRON-	could	do	,	-PRON-	lag	behind	zeke	and	shorty	,	who	,	breathe	hard	,	and	perspire	at	every	pore	,	toil	away	without	pause	or	cessation	.		
the	breeze	be	light	,	but	freshen	;	and	closehaul	,	poor	little	jule	,	as	if	nothing	have	happen	,	be	head	in	for	the	land	,	which	rise	high	and	hazy	in	the	distance	.		
mickonaree	tata	matai	!	"		
nay	,	as	a	race	,	-PRON-	can	not	otherwise	long	exist	.		
in	exchange	naval	courtesy	,	-PRON-	have	know	a	french	band	play	"	yankee	doodle	"	with	such	a	string	of	variation	that	no	one	but	a	"	pretty	'	cute	"	yankee	could	tell	what	-PRON-	be	at	.		
and	upon	these	be	place	,	side	by	side	,	newlyplucked	banana	leaf	,	at	least	two	yard	in	length	,	and	very	wide	;	the	stalk	be	withdraw	so	as	to	make	-PRON-	lie	flat	.		
when	will	-PRON-	give	over	?	"		
of	the	isle	of	diranda	chapter	xxxv	.		
in	the	city	of	dis	.		
-PRON-	visit	one	doxodox	chapter	lxviii	.		
a	sick	man	,	after	some	impatience	,	be	induce	to	become	a	patient	.		
the	musket	chapter	124	.		
dismal	times	in	the	mess	.		
prepare	for	the	journey	chapter	lxii	.		
after	a	curious	adventure	upon	the	pont	neuf	,	israel	enter	the	presence	of	the	renowned	sage	,	dr	.	franklin	,	whom	he	find	right	learnedly	and	multifariously	employed	.		
how	we	be	to	get	to	taloo	chapter	lxvii	.		
the	good	or	bad	temper	of	menofwar	's	man	,	in	a	great	degree	,	attributable	to	their	particular	station	and	duty	aboard	ship	.		
selvagee	contrast	with	madjack	.		
xv	.		
the	jacket	aloft	.		
recross	the	channel	,	israel	returns	to	the	squire	's	abode—his	adventures	there	.		
the	fossil	whale	chapter	105	.		
the	grand	armada	chapter	88	.		
lxvii	.		
chapter	xxii	.		
lix	.		
the	spiritspout	chapter	52	.		
the	calabooza	beretanee	chapter	xxxii	.		
chapter	xxvii	.		
moby	dick	chapter	42	.		
mosquito	chapter	lvii	.		
the	story	of	the	unfortunate	man	,	from	which	may	be	gather	whether	or	no	-PRON-	have	be	justly	so	entitled	.		
we	enter	the	harbour—jim	the	pilot	chapter	xxvii	.		
-PRON-	visit	the	great	central	temple	of	vivenza	chapter	lv	.		
-PRON-	lord	media	summons	mohi	to	the	stand	chapter	xxxiii	.		
lxxxii	.		
what	remain	of	a	manofwar'sman	after	his	burial	at	sea	.		
-PRON-	1864	content	preface	mardi	chapter	-PRON-		
foot	in	stirrup	chapter	ii		
a	calm	chapter	iii		
a	king	for	a	comrade	chapter	iv		
a	chat	in	the	clouds	chapter	v		
seat	secured	and	portmanteaus	packed	chapter	vi		
eight	bell	chapter	vii		
a	pause	chapter	viii		
-PRON-	push	off	,	velis	et	remis	chapter	ix		
the	watery	world	be	all	before	-PRON-	chapter	x		
-PRON-	arrange	-PRON-	canopies	and	lounges	,	and	try	to	make	thing	chapter	xi		
jarl	afflict	with	the	lockjaw	chapter	xii		
more	about	be	in	an	open	boat	chapter	xiii		
of	the	chondropterygii	,	and	other	uncouth	hordes	infesting	the	south	seas	chapter	xiv		
jarl	's	misgivings	chapter	xv		
a	stitch	in	time	saves	nine	chapter	xvi		
-PRON-	be	becalmed	chapter	xvii		
in	high	spirit	,	-PRON-	push	on	for	the	terra	incognita	chapter	xviii		
-PRON-	lord	shark	and	-PRON-	page	chapter	xix		
who	go	there	?		
chapter	vii	.		
pitchpol	chapter	85	.		
doctor	long	ghost	a	wag—one	of	his	caper	chapter	xii	.		
xxvii	.		
retire	for	the	night—the	doctor	grow	devout	chapter	lxxv	.		
v.	  		
jack	chase	on	a	spanish	quarterdeck	.		
what	they	think	of	us	in	martair	chapter	lxi	.		
something	about	the	kannakipper	chapter	xlvii	.		
contain	the	metaphysics	of	indianhating	,	accord	to	the	view	of	one	evidently	not	so	prepossessed	as	rousseau	in	favor	of	savage	.		
a	consultation	of	manofwar	surgeon	.		
what	manner	of	men	the	tapparians	be	chapter	xxiv	.		
chapter	xviii	.		
the	masthead	chapter	36	.		
we	visit	the	court	chapter	lxxxii	.		
midnight.—the	forecastle	bulwarks	chapter	122	.		
the	dogdays	off	cape	horn	.		
lxxxvii	.		
chapter	xx	.		
the	expedition	that	sail	from	groix	.		
xli	.		
xc	.		
a	manofwar	fountain	,	and	other	thing	.		
israel	be	initiate	into	the	mystery	of	lodginghouses	in	the	latin	quarter	.		
l.	  		
the	bay	of	all	beauty	.		
xxviii	.		
xlv	.		
fortyfive	year	.		
jermin	encounter	an	old	shipmate	chapter	xxvi	.		
xviii	.		
a	draught	in	a	manofwar	.		
the	carpenter	chapter	108	.		
xxi	.		
lxii	.		
lxix	.		
the	right	whale’s	head—contrasted	view	chapter	76	.		
the	candles	chapter	120	.		
-PRON-	visit	a	wealthy	old	pauper	chapter	xxii	.		
a	soldier	of	fortune	.		
the	albatross	chapter	53	.		
-PRON-	go	down	into	the	catacombs	chapter	xx	.		
lv	.		
a	manofwar	race	.		
chapter	xix	.		
chapter	xxv	.		
xi	.		
a	hard	case	.		
they	look	in	at	carrickfergus	,	and	descend	on	whitehaven	.		
proceeding	of	the	consul	chapter	xxii	.		
we	start	for	taloo	chapter	lxxii	.		
lx	.		
a	book	from	the	"	ponderings	of	old	bardianna	"	chapter	lxxii	.		
the	hospital	in	a	manofwar	.		
"	will	the	world	ever	be	so	decay	,	that	spring	may	not	renew	-PRON-	greenness	?	"		
of	course	,	-PRON-	will	make	reasonable	allowance	for	the	unavoidable	jam	.		
-PRON-	unaccustomed	blood	curdle	at	the	sharp	shriek	of	the	torment	steel	.		
"	will	not	-PRON-	step	in	?	"		
sir	,	this	house	would	appear	to	have	be	build	simply	for	the	accommodation	of	-PRON-	chimney	.	"		
-PRON-	be	the	loud	,	long	and	most	strangely	musical	crow	that	ever	amazed	mortal	man	.		
-PRON-	face	be	full	 	of	sturdy	vigor	,	with	some	fine	and	keener	attribute	beneath	;	though	 	harsh	at	first	,	-PRON-	be	temper	with	the	glow	of	a	large	,	warm	heart	,	 	which	have	force	enough	to	heat	-PRON-	powerful	intellect	through	and	 	through	.		
but	softthis	fellow	now	crow	most	lustily	;	but	-PRON-	be	only	morning	;	let	-PRON-	see	how	-PRON-	will	crow	about	noon	,	and	towards	nightfall	.		
but	-PRON-	never	strike	-PRON-	before	.		
and	this	be	about	all	the	shanty	see	of	what	people	call	life	.		
and	if	-PRON-	magnify	shakspeare	,	-PRON-	be	not	so	much	for	what	-PRON-	do	do	as	for	what	-PRON-	do	not	do	,	or	refrain	from	do	.		
"	why	,	do	-PRON-	not	remember	the	word	of	the	psalmist?'the	lord	giveth	snow	like	wool	'	;	mean	not	only	that	snow	be	white	as	wool	,	but	warm	,	too	,	as	wool	.		
before	-PRON-	eyesthere	,	pass	in	slow	procession	along	the	wheel	cylinder	,	-PRON-	seem	to	see	,	glue	to	the	pallid	incipience	of	the	pulp	,	the	yet	more	pallid	face	of	all	the	pallid	girl	-PRON-	have	eye	that	heavy	day	.		
and	to	any	shiverer	,	illventilated	warmth	be	good	than	wellventilat	cold	.		
but	have	at	last	explicitly	understand	from	-PRON-	that	mr.	scribe	's	note	have	not	alter	-PRON-	mind	one	jot	,	-PRON-	wife	,	to	move	-PRON-	,	among	other	thing	say	,	that	if	-PRON-	remember	aright	,	there	be	a	statute	place	the	keeping	in	private	of	secret	closet	on	the	same	unlawful	footing	with	the	keeping	of	gunpowder	.		
for	fear	one	decanter	should	not	with	sufficient	speed	reach	-PRON-	destination	,	another	be	send	express	after	-PRON-	to	hurry	-PRON-	;	and	then	a	third	to	hurry	the	second	;	and	so	on	with	a	fourth	and	fifth	.		
"	shame	!	"		
how	bright	the	country	look	there	where	the	river	overflow	the	meadow	.		
goodby	.		
in	city	,	where	lot	be	sell	by	the	inch	,	small	space	be	to	spare	for	a	chimney	construct	on	magnanimous	principle	;	and	,	as	with	most	thin	man	,	who	be	generally	tall	,	so	with	such	house	,	what	be	lack	in	breadth	,	must	be	make	up	in	height	.		
"	-PRON-	have	often	debate	in	-PRON-	mind	whether	-PRON-	really	pay	.		
and	what	could	be	more	economically	contrive	?		
sweet	be	the	oasis	in	sahara	;	charm	the	islegrof	of	august	prairie	;	delectable	pure	faith	amidst	a	thousand	perfidy	:	but	sweet	,	still	more	charming	,	more	delectable	,	the	dreamy	paradise	of	bachelors	,	find	in	the	stony	heart	of	stunning	london	.		
always	,	more	or	less	,	machinery	of	this	ponderous	elaborate	sort	strike	,	in	some	mood	,	strange	dread	into	the	human	heart	,	as	some	living	,	pant	behemoth	may	.		
not	so	.		
what	care	-PRON-	?		
the	bleak	frost	pack	and	pave	the	square	as	with	some	ring	metal	.		
wherever	-PRON-	go	to	tea	,	-PRON-	have	all	of	the	news	of	the	town	to	tell	.		
but	common	as	be	the	tune	,	-PRON-	be	transfix	by	something	miraculously	superior	in	the	style	.		
whereupon	traveler	,	pass	-PRON-	way	,	would	wag	-PRON-	head	,	laugh	;	"	see	that	wax	nosehow	-PRON-	melt	off	!	"		
how	often	-PRON-	wife	be	at	-PRON-	about	that	project	grand	entrancehall	of	-PRON-	,	which	be	to	be	knock	clean	through	the	chimney	,	from	one	end	of	the	house	to	the	other	,	and	astonish	all	guest	by	-PRON-	generous	amplitude	.		
"	what	then	?		
-PRON-	cost	-PRON-	,	in	the	lump	,	six	hundred	dollar	.	"		
"	tomorrow	?	"		
sick	with	the	din	and	soil	with	the	mud	of	fleet	streetwhere	the	benedick	tradesman	be	hurry	by	,	with	ledgerline	rule	along	-PRON-	brow	;	think	upon	rise	of	bread	and	fall	of	babiesyou	adroitly	turn	a	mystic	cornernot	a	streetglide	down	a	dim	,	monastic	way	,	flank	by	dark	,	sedate	,	and	solemn	pile	,	and	still	wend	on	,	give	the	whole	careworn	world	the	slip	,	and	,	disentangle	,	stand	beneath	the	quiet	cloister	of	the	paradise	of	bachelors	.		
"	and	what	do	-PRON-	do	with	-PRON-	?	"		
after	these	light	skirmisher	have	vanish	,	the	heavy	artillery	of	the	feast	march	in	,	lead	by	that	wellknown	english	generalissimo	,	roast	beef	.		
but	 	probably	a	secret	closet	would	not	have	be	contrive	except	for	some	 	extraordinary	object	,	whether	for	the	concealment	of	treasure	,	or	for	 	what	other	purpose	,	may	be	leave	to	those	better	acquaint	with	the	 	history	of	the	house	to	guess	.		
in	truth	,	-PRON-	be	a	beautiful	buga	jew	jeweler	's	buga	bug	like	a	sparkle	of	a	glorious	sunset	.		
the	sun	yonder	be	begin	to	show	-PRON-	;	-PRON-	feel	warm	.		
in	dearth	of	other	philosophical	companionship	,	-PRON-	and	-PRON-	chimney	have	to	smoke	and	philosophize	together	.		
what	justice	of	the	peace	will	right	this	matter	?		
-PRON-	speak	very	decidedly	.	"		
thus	,	-PRON-	suppose	,	do	dr.	johnson	,	that	nominal	benedick	and	widower	but	virtual	bachelor	,	when	for	a	space	-PRON-	reside	here	.		
personally	,	-PRON-	doubt	not	that	-PRON-	rather	prefer	to	be	generally	esteem	but	a	soso	sort	of	author	;	be	willing	to	reserve	the	thorough	and	acute	appreciation	of	what	-PRON-	be	,	to	that	party	most	qualified	to	judgethat	be	,	to	-PRON-	.		
no	such	thing	as	arrest	themsome	of	-PRON-	pasture	be	a	sort	of	alsatia	for	the	weed	.		
"	do	-PRON-	see	this	hole	,	this	crack	here	?	"		
leap	from	the	hoop	,	-PRON-	stride	up	majestically	to	the	pile	of	old	clothe	,	where	the	woodsawyer	lie	,	and	plant	-PRON-	,	like	an	armorial	supporter	,	at	-PRON-	side	.		
the	washing	be	do	outside	the	main	building	,	under	an	infirmlooking	old	shed	,	the	dame	stand	upon	a	halfrotten	soak	board	to	protect	-PRON-	foot	,	as	well	as	may	be	,	from	the	penetrate	damp	of	the	bare	ground	;	hence	-PRON-	look	pale	and	chill	.		
but	find	this	do	not	answer	,	the	next	day	,	-PRON-	give	-PRON-	to	understand	that	either	-PRON-	or	the	chimney	must	quit	the	house	.		
so	that	,	when	upon	rein	up	at	the	protrude	rock	-PRON-	at	last	catch	sight	of	the	quaint	grouping	of	the	factorybuilding	,	and	with	the	travel	highway	and	the	notch	behind	,	find	-PRON-	all	alone	,	silently	and	privily	steal	through	deepcloven	passage	into	this	sequester	spot	,	and	see	the	long	,	highgabl	main	factory	edifice	,	with	a	rude	towerfor	hoist	heavy	boxesat	one	end	,	stand	among	-PRON-	crowded	outbuilding	and	boardinghouse	,	as	the	temple	church	amidst	the	surround	office	and	dormitory	,	and	when	the	marvelous	retirement	of	this	mysterious	mountain	nook	fasten	-PRON-	whole	spell	upon	-PRON-	,	then	,	what	memory	lack	,	all	tributary	imagination	furnish	,	and	-PRON-	say	to	-PRON-	,	this	be	the	very	counterpart	of	the	paradise	of	bachelors	,	but	snow	upon	,	and	frostpaint	in	a	sepulchre	.		
after	several	strange	noise	as	of	a	cat	among	the	crockery	,	-PRON-	reappear	through	the	same	door	,	look	uncommonly	crestfallen	,	and	,	with	a	deeply	embarrassed	air	,	request	-PRON-	daughter	to	designate	at	which	of	the	nine	-PRON-	should	find	exit	.		
"	thank	-PRON-	,	"	say	-PRON-	,	"	iii	be	engage	.	"		
demand	julia	,	in	alarm	.		
hold	!		
nor	will	-PRON-	take	oath	,	that	,	have	-PRON-	project	be	accomplish	,	then	,	by	help	of	light	hang	at	judicious	interval	through	the	tunnel	,	some	belzoni	or	other	may	have	succeed	in	future	age	in	penetrate	through	the	masonry	,	and	actually	emerge	into	the	diningroom	,	and	once	there	,	-PRON-	would	have	be	inhospitable	treatment	of	such	a	traveler	to	have	deny	-PRON-	a	recruit	meal	.		
"	well	,	that	be	as	-PRON-	take	-PRON-	,	sir	.		
-PRON-	be	greet	,	not	without	much	embarrassmentowing	,	-PRON-	suppose	to	-PRON-	dressbut	still	with	unaffected	and	honest	kindness	.		
mind	,	jehu"address	the	driver	on	the	box"this	be	a	gentleman	-PRON-	carry	.		
come	to	think	of	-PRON-	,	cock	crow	most	lustily	in	the	beginning	of	the	day	.		
a	few	moment	more	and	-PRON-	stand	bewildered	among	the	beggar	in	the	famous	guildhall	.		
and	,	for	all	the	world	,	the	proud	pace	of	the	cock	seem	the	very	stagepace	of	the	signor	beneventano	.		
do	-PRON-	seek	admiration	from	the	admirer	of	a	buffoon	?		
the	lean	rascal	(	a	lean	farmer	,	toothink	of	that	!	)		
in	one	corner	stand	some	huge	frame	of	ponderous	iron	,	with	a	vertical	thing	like	a	piston	periodically	rise	and	fall	upon	a	heavy	wooden	block	.		
depend	upon	-PRON-	,	the	ticking	will	trouble	-PRON-	no	more	.	"		
when	-PRON-	inquire	of	this	person	where	jimmy	could	possibly	be	,	-PRON-	take	-PRON-	close	to	trinity	church	rail	,	out	of	the	jostling	of	the	crowd	,	and	whisper	-PRON-	,	that	jimmy	have	the	evening	before	enter	an	old	house	of	-PRON-	(	jimmy	's	)	,	in	c	street	,	which	old	house	have	be	for	a	time	untenanted	.		
-PRON-	glorify	the	very	voice	which	come	in	ailing	tone	from	behind	the	screen	.		
here	be	a	bit	on	the	floor	.		
as	for	the	grass	,	every	spring	-PRON-	be	like	kossuth	's	rise	of	what	-PRON-	call	the	people	.		
-PRON-	be	not	so	many	in	number	as	to	exhaust	-PRON-	goodwill	.		
the	genuine	templar	be	long	since	depart	.		
the	cock	frighten	-PRON-	,	like	some	overpower	angel	in	the	apocalypse	.		
there	again	!		
-PRON-	have	a	druidical	look	,	away	down	in	the	umbrageous	cellar	there	whose	numerous	vault	passage	,	and	far	glen	of	gloom	,	resemble	the	dark	,	damp	depth	of	primeval	wood	.		
strike	by	time	's	enchanter	's	wand	,	the	templar	be	today	a	lawyer	.		
as	well	talk	of	catholic	miracle	.		
go	behind	the	curtain	,	there	lie	a	waste	,	but	strangely	cheerful	human	face	;	and	that	be	pretty	much	all	;	the	body	,	hide	by	the	counterpane	and	an	old	coat	,	seem	too	shrunken	to	reveal	-PRON-	through	such	impediment	.		
but	already	-PRON-	feel	that	this	hawthorne	have	drop	germinous	seed	into	-PRON-	soul	.		
put	on	-PRON-	spectacle	,	the	learn	professor	look	hard	at	the	table	,	and	gently	scrap	with	-PRON-	penknife	into	the	hole	,	but	say	nothing	.		
there	be	other	sketch	still	more	charge	with	ponderous	import	.		
the	wood	be	strew	with	dry	dead	bough	,	snap	off	by	the	riotous	wind	of	march	,	while	the	young	tree	skirt	the	wood	be	just	begin	to	show	the	first	yellowish	tinge	of	the	nascent	spray	.		
-PRON-	be	a	mull	of	snuff	.		
