She thought me still too weak to drink without assistance, and held it to my lips herself.	They spoke no word, and as Sam Hawkins watched them disappear he said: “That is more dangerous than the most dreadful threats.	“Why did not my young white brother shoot him?” “Because I had no gun with me.” “Yet here are guns.” “They are not mine; they were thrown away by these men when they climbed the trees shrieking with terror.” “Ugh!	No medicine, no scalp-lock, nothing, nothing at all, but little bits of flesh and bones.	Yet as I heard these last words my eyelids lifted, and I saw him standing before me clad in a light linen garment and unarmed.	Rise; you must be bound.” It would have been madness to attempt resistance, for there were six Indians against me.	It is by the heart and soul that men are judged, and I should not fear a comparison with you in those respects.” He made a gesture of contempt, and turned to me, saying: “You are strong, young sir; it is not every one can send a man flying through the air as you did just now; it was wonderful to see.” Then touching the grizzly with his foot, he added: “And this is the game we wanted, but we came too late.	This was done, and none too tenderly, the two chiefs being treated most roughly, and their fetters drawn so tight as to make the blood burst from the swollen flesh.	“And you protected these people?” “Yes.” “Then are you more guilty than they, for he who protects a thief deserves double punishment.	The former carried a vessel of brown clay, such as the Pueblo Indians use, filled with fresh water.	Go, and don’t bother me.” “If I go now, it will be too late to call me back.	The one in advance is probably the chief, and Winnetou has taken charge of his murdered teacher.	“Will you be silent, dog?” thundered the chief.	He won’t discover us, though, for we have the wind towards us.” The mustang broke into a trot, running to the right, then to the left, and finally turned and disappeared as we had seen him come.	The head engineer found himself in an awkward predicament.	“Cut their bonds,” he said.	I must have a tenderfoot to abuse; whom shall I scold if you are gone?” “Some other tenderfoot.” “That’s easier said than done, for I’ll never have another out-and-out hopeless greenhorn such as you are in all my life.	We were awakened chilled to our marrows.	But I felt I ought to give Stone and Parker a chance to withdraw if they chose, and asked them if they wanted to take a hand in the game.	Sam cried out to me in anguish: “If you could see your face and hear the mournful tone of your voice!	We knew that fifty Apaches were close to us, yet that we must not betray our knowledge by the slightest sign.	And the pain in my shoulder was not caused by a mill-wheel crushing me, but by the blow which Winnetou had given me.	No matter how fast I swam, or what curves I made, the chief’s tomahawk was sure to overtake me.	I should have taken this; I’d have shown him that Sam Hawkins can go through the water like a trout.	Through the war-paint on his face we saw pass over it varying expressions of anger, hatred, and malice.	It looked from where the Indians stood as though I had killed him, and again I heard that awful howl.	get to the cedar, quick!” shouted Sam Hawkins.	I rose and they tied my hands together.	Braves, let us laugh at him.” He looked around invitingly, but no one laughed, and he said: “You are afraid of him, but I will show you how I mock him.	But I felt sure that in this case it was only because the chief and Winnetou were too heavily encumbered by the corpse of Kleki-Petrah, and in too great haste to avenge his murder, to obliterate the trace of their course, and rode on with no fear of an ambush.	The Great Spirit gives him into my hand by taking away his senses.” Among Indians this sort of preliminary fight with tongues is customary, and I should have been considered cowardly if I had stood silent, so I answered: “You fight with the mouth, but I have here a knife; take your place if you are not afraid.” He bounded into the other circle, crying angrily: “Afraid!	The grizzly.	If I speak later, you will see that Old Shatterhand is not a man whose word is to be despised.” Intschu-Tschuna turned from us, and nodded to certain old warriors, who left the circle and gathered around him for consultation, while Tangua of course used every effort to turn the decision as he wished.	“On the day of my death.” “You have said it.	I hastened to see if Sam was hurt, and found him standing, much shaken, but not otherwise the worse.	They’ll all be here shortly.	My fair young nurse dipped the cloth in the water and bathed the face and hands of the supposed enemy of her father and brother.	Of course he perceived this, and I feared he would make a movement which would betray me, but he was much too wise and had too much presence of mind for that.	He has only made statements, but has not proved them.	It may be imagined how excited they were at this announcement; Sam, Dick, and Will more than I.	For I, the former blasphemer, now seek to find His will in all things.	I doubt your being a thief or a murderer.” I laughed as I spoke, but he said gravely: “Thank you, but you are mistaken.	“It’s better a hopeless greenhorn should die than a valuable, experienced scout.	Our companions slept, our fire had burned low, and all the Kiowas’ fires were out but one.	They must wipe out this stain by fighting him.	An angry dilation of his pupil warned me, and the next moment his right arm struck quickly and forcibly upward to rip my body like an old coat.	Would you like to see the envelope?” asked Sam, dismounting.	I caught his right hand, and squeezed it till he dropped the knife; then I seized his left arm at the elbow and pulled him over till he had to let go of my throat.	I have spoken.	Though his eyes might once have been piercing, angry, threatening, now they were as calm and clear as a forest lake.	I can’t look on at this.	Winnetou rode all night to this point; do you see that the trail goes on from here in single file?	The fire was getting low, and I thought there was no use in putting off the evil hour, so I yawned, stretched myself, and said: “I’m tired, and I’d like to go to sleep; how about you, Sam?” “I’ve no objection,” he said.	“When we take the skin off we can see what killed him.	“Don’t bother yourself with the affairs of others.	They stood shouting and questioning on the bank, while the chief still swam back and forth waiting for me, although I could not possibly have remained so long under water.	Sam scanned the sky, and then said: “Apparently we are going to have rain to-day, and that happens rarely about here, but is the very best thing for our plan.” “Why?” I asked.	The guns lay at some distance back of us towards the peninsula, ready to be seized by us later in our flight.	What torture is intended for him?” “Everything possible.	We had not gone far from camp, and had lain down under a tree, where I could study his face and expression at leisure.	Though they were curious, none asked further questions, for, like the beast he had captured, when Sam wouldn’t he wouldn’t, and that was the end of it.	How should I manage?	We’d better go on a few steps and be first, or some Kiowa will get ahead of us.	Disregarding all my signals to him, Sam had taken the Indians to our men, who were in a high state of delight when they learned they had come in friendship and there was no longer any reason for our fearing the Apaches.	It was otherwise with me.	The trail was easily followed, a fact which made Sam doubt its being trustworthy; for he said that when an Indian left his course so easily traced by an enemy the chance was it was done only to lead that enemy into a trap.	Then—” “This miserable coyote lies as if he had a hundred tongues,” cried Tangua.	I had sprung at him as soon as I saw his intention, but too late.	Where is my mule?” he cried.	“Old Shatterhand must shoot first.” “No,” I said.	When I came to myself it was evening; so long had I lain unconscious.	Then the Apaches will come—and find no one!	When you went into that circle my heart stood still; I could not breathe, and my thoughts were full of how I’d carry out this tenderfoot’s last will and testament.	To have proof that it was really I who had freed him.	The hearts of the warriors of the glorious tribe of the Kiowas are brave and wise.	He seemed to be, as I afterwards learned he was, of the same age as myself, and his appearance made as profound an impression on me then, when I saw him first, as his character has left upon me to-day, after our long friendship.	You’ve got to eat your words.” I felt that I must punish this Indian, not merely for justice’ sake and the effect on the Apaches, but for the benefit of those white men whom he might meet in the future.	_A WISH AND ITS TRAGIC FULFILMENT._ “YOU do not speak like a Westerner,” said Kleki-Petrah as we started.	Now: One, two—” He held the knife tight, and I should have shot him, not in the head, but in the hand, for he had to learn to respect me; but luckily I did not get so far, for at this moment a loud voice cried: “Men, are you mad?	The room was bare, but Nscho-Tschi furnished it quickly with skins, covers, and ornaments, so that I felt at home at once.	Before I put a hand down I first felt the spot to make sure there were no twigs that would crackle under the weight of my body and thus betray me; and if I had to go under or between branches I tested them carefully to make sure that I could get through.	Therefore the white men of the West call him Old Shatterhand.” Thus without any choice of mine I was given the name which has ever since clung to me.	I know nothing of the art of mustang-catching, of which you are past master, and I’ve nothing to do but follow your directions.” “All right.