My brother had simply disappeared.	In contrast, I'm rich, and I'm her friend.	"Should I then pronounce judgment by using your given name?"	Most of the Elephants ambled off in single file, but some left in twos and threes.	I would like to be her guide to all of the holy sites, including Bethlehem and anywhere else she wants to visit.	On the right-hand wall, in the middle of the green, there stood a white house; it had two doors, a window, and three chimneys.	Here was my reply: "Then too!	So I tried something with my thumb; from the side of "the dove," I pressed hard between the first two vertebrae.	Who appeared?	Without saying a word, he glanced towards the spot where he last saw the boy.	He pointed in the direction of the church ruins, to people whom we hadn't previously seen-to those who were now coming towards us.	However, today-."	We took the latter direction.	I feel the same joy that I felt in my boyhood-when something long-desired finally promises to come true.	With a smile, Thar gave a nod to us.	Mustafa Bustani knocked on the inner gate's locked door.	The Donkey Driver himself gave it his best effort, and Eppstein's servants did the same-but all their efforts were in vain.	He then stretched his legs and flexed his muscles so convincingly that her eyes widened in wonder as she pointed to him and asked this question: " Yes, I already believe that you're a hero; but what exactly could be a reason to knock someone down, just for my sake?"	His greed for money grew with every increase of my offer.	It's located on the other side of the Dead Sea.	All of his temper burst forth.	It belongs to the genus Quercus ilex psudo-coccifera, which has a base circumference of approximately ten meters.	Truly, she was a simple and poor woman.	He just gently smiled and shook his head.	You have not pardoned me, but I've forgiven you.	So, I briefly explained: "It's the East Jordanian pronunciation of Samah, which means 'forgiveness'."	When we sought answers to our questions, we could learn nothing more than this: due to the fact that we were Christians and not Muslims, this was the only kind of water that he was permitted to offer us.	The most pronounced expression of this hostile relationship is evident in the fact that Hebron's inns are not open to Christians-even though the city's well- traveled roadway connects to Jerusalem.	"My word, oh my word!	After he did that errand, he brought me a cord that he had found.	I myself played a big part in today's miracle.	Yet his words accomplished just the opposite of what he had intended.	Without asking first about your reason for being there, the people will cut you down."	For that reason, I didn't bring along any colors.	The children were drawn to the city's open spaces, where they were invited to take part in all kinds of peaceable and war-like games; adults were lining up to help supervise them.	I agreed: "Here is my notebook.	In your mind, what did he-?"	"Still more pictures?	My name is Thar, and woe to you if I should ever take revenge against you."	He was too late; my wife had just snapped the camera's shutter.	In pure joy, I woke up.	She swished her ears and waggled her tail, but she took no steps forward.	The blocks are often five meters long, yet they are no longer joined with mortar.	Why didn't you travel directly towards Bethany, following the Hinnom Valley, just like I told the Donkey Driver to do?"	The commemoration of their national ancestor's exile had absolutely doubled their existing abrasiveness.	Mustafa Bustani was extremely outraged at this kind of treatment.	However, there were three mules that he could lend us.	When my wife saw them, she said: "So, he's allowed to come after all."	Constantly, I thought about him and even more about my wife, whose death had taken even more away from me.	He would not have been able to restrain himself from entering into the room wherein we now set foot and saw "the art."	"You!"	"Yes," he answered.	Before I could say more, Thar spoke up: "Here is my Effendi, the Supreme Secretary of Germany's Chancellor.	You can count on that."	It's true that I have not yet finished, for you see that the sharks are still missing; but in due time, I'll put them in-this will go very quickly.	"Oh yes, Mother and I certainly remember that day.	And here to the right, this green land is Palestine; the King of the Jebusites lives in the house that stands there.	"Oh no, it's especially very pleasant and welcome.	In light of Christians' common veneration of the patriarch Abraham, Europeans visit this city of historical names-in spite of its unfriendly population.	much too readily.	Every day, look for her!'	"Achmed Bustani.	After the Children of Israel's conquest of Canaan, the city fell to the Family of Caleb.	"Me?"	Since this thought came to the Driver later on, it was just a few minutes ago that I realized how I might find them waiting here at your place.	I was happy to see what it contained.	I gently tossed out this word: "Coincidence!"	However, the last time I stopped at his place, I saw how he was laughing at me as I rode away-so today, he shall pay dearly for that.	"Do you know the date when your daddy died?	"Your irritation is more justified than any pleasure from that title."	Truly, your own feelings can lead you better than any separate perspective that I could give you."	His left leg, right arm, upper lip, and twisted-moustache were blue.	May Allah protect you!"	She had an inner pride that stemmed from her heart's solemn education.	Since we wanted to avoid running into danger and being mistreated at the hands of these people, we simply had to turn around at certain places and stations.	The young girl seems to have made an impression on him, and that baffles me."	Its construction was square, with the doorway facing the garden.	Is there a switch nearby which suits this purpose?"	His wish was granted, so he made his exit to the coffee-corner.	Kind words and caressing didn't help at all, and whipping the animal accomplished even less.	Both of you, please step in and-" His father interrupted: "And I too?"	I understood how this man operated; I knew just how far I could take this.	Since so many stories are told about the expulsion and the injustices that were sustained, no person from another faith should even want to be a bystander.