Just above me heard I plainly     How the hapless snow was crackling,     To the heartless cold winds telling     All the tale of its white sorrows.	10.	8.	5_s._ =---- Organon=; or, Logical Treatises, and the Introduction of Porphyry.	6 vols.	The king the writing with wonderment sees,     As pale as death, and with trembling knees.	The air on the Ganges is balmy,       And giant-trees extend,     And fair and silent mortals       Before the lotos bend.	“But indeed thou must be gracious,     “And must grant us further triumphs,     “Let us conquer, darling godhead,     “Putzlivitzli, Vitzliputzli!	Calmly flow’d the Rabbi’s life-blood,     Calmly to its termination     Sang he his sweet song,--his dying     Sigh was still--Jerusalem!	“Put on the cover, for fear lest the stench       “Should all our pleasure cloud over;     “I love thee no German poet had e’er       “A more affectionate lover!	“Each attempt I make is fruitless       “After peace.	Many others, who fell lame,     Home again, alas!	With the speed of wind I’d hasten,       If I seven-league boots had only,     Over yonder mountain-summits       To my darling’s dwelling lonely.	2 vols.	5_s._ ---- Translated by the Rev.	Can it be yon stork, the grave one,       His director’s airs betraying,     And his long leg rattling loudly,       Whilst the music’s round him playing?	=CHESS CONGRESS of 1862.= A Collection of the Games played.	The judges from the gutter drink       As if it were a basin.	The warm and balmy spring-night’s air       Hath waken’d every flower,     And take I not the greatest care,       My heart must succumb to love’s power.	I’ll ascend the distant mountains       Where the peaceful huts are standing,     Where the breezes free are blowing,       And the bosom free’s expanding.	6.	14.	They wander’d here and they wander’d there,     And neither joy nor star could they find,     And so they droop’d and they perish’d.	Beneath, I shall wear the Dalmatian dress,       Whereon, in each species of jewel,     A train of lions and camels is work’d,       And fabulous monsters and cruel.	CAPUT I.	8.	And if I in time the tickets receive,       We’ll join in a merry revel,     And go to the Opera, where I believe       They’re playing Robert the Devil.	That I might be fully certain     Of their upper-worldliness,     And by practical experience     Ascertain my own existence,     Hastily my lips applied I     To their rosy cheeks’ soft dimples,     And then framed this syllogism:     Yes, I kiss, and so I’m living!	5_s._ each.	But a look may last for ever,       And with joy may fill thy breast,     Making it like some wide heaven,       Full of starry rapture blest.	And the same issue ’tis once more;       However proudly flaunts the banner,     The hero, as in days of yore,       Yields to brute strength, but in a glorious manner.	The chariot rolls, the bridge is quaking,       The stream beneath it flows so sadly;     Once more the joys am I forsaking       Of that fond heart I love so madly.	Translated by the Rev.	Yes, from out his slavish fetters     Atta Troll has freed himself     Suddenly, and springing wildly,     Through the narrow streets he hastens--     (Each one civilly makes way),     Up the rocks he nimbly clambers,     Then looks down, as if in scorn,--then     Vanishes within the mountains.	CAPUT XIII.	=DEMMIN’S History of Arms and Armour,= from the Earliest Period.	The bells are all sounding ding-dong, ding-a-dong--     But where’s my dear bridegroom ling’ring so long?	In the Château Blay at night-time       Comes a rushing, crackling, shaking     On the tapestry the figures       Suddenly to life are waking.	Early Essays by John Stuart Mill.= Collected from various sources by J. W. M. Gibbs.	2 vols.	“I’m ready to swear whatever oath       “Thou soonest would have me swallow,     “As a pledge to thee of my secrecy;       “So say what form I shall follow.”     But she rejoin’d: “Thou must swear to me       “As by Father Abraham’s order     “His servant Eliezer swore,       “When starting to cross the border.	High in the heavens there stood the sun     Cradled in snowy clouds,     The sea was still,     And musing I lay at the helm of the ship,     Dreamily musing,--and half in waking     And half in slumber, I gazed upon Christ,     The Saviour of man.	Thou pallid fellow, thou worthless double!	we all, like those dwarfs full of feeling,     We all have something that needs concealing;     No Christians, we fancy, have ever descried     Where we our ducks’ feet so carefully hide.	_THE HARTZ-JOURNEY._ 1824.	The star stood still over Joseph’s house,       And they enter’d the dwelling lowly;     The oxen bellow’d, the infant cried,       While sang the three kings holy.	They seek for fire, and soon they find     Their home in the wood’s left far behind.	5_s._ each.	5_s._ =DE COMMINES (Philip), Memoirs of.= Containing the Histories of Louis XI.	Yes, I now, a poor magician,       Like sage Merlin, am held fast       In my magic ring at last,     In disconsolate condition.	I pass’d my lovely mistress’ house,       The windows gleam’d all over;     But though I gazed and gazed and gazed,       No sign could I discover.	“The mill-wheel clatters, the miller works hard,       “The meal in the sack well shaking,     “And people eat their bread and their rolls,       “As soon as they’ve finished the baking.	Thou lie’st in my arms so gladly.	I bequeath you all the colic     Which my belly tweaks in frolic,--     Strangury and these perfidious     Prussian piles so sharp and hideous.	He’ll pierce the soaring eagle through;       And, proudly though he fly,     The double-headed eagle too       Struck by his bolt, shall die.	3_s._ 6_d._ =HUGO’S (Victor) Dramatic Works.= Hernani--Ruy Blas--The King’s Diversion.	My little songs do I utter       From out of my great, great sorrow;       Some tinkling pinions they borrow,     And tow’rd her bosom they flutter.	“He hops and he skips and he fiddles,       “His bones they rattle away;     “With his skull he keeps nidding and nodding,       “By the moonlight’s glimmering ray.” 25.	Full many a beetle, to his cost,     His modicum small of reason lost;     Her wooers are humming of love and truth,     Brabant and Holland pledging forsooth.	2 vols.	On the sixth day spake the Lord thus:       I have finish’d finally     All this vast and fair creation,       And that all is good, I see.	The “Castle of Indra” call they the hall     In which are display’d the deities all,     The golden images, chisell’d with care,     And all incrusted with jewels so fair.	20.	It is perchance some friend whom they are slaying.	’Twas in a dreary midsummer night,     I bore thee myself to the grave outright;     The nightingales sang their soft lamentations,     And after us follow’d the bright constellations.	Fathers of the Church, apostles,     Capuchins and holy hermits,     Strange old fellows, some strange young ones--     ’Twas the latter look’d the ugliest!	Wherein lies the fault?	2 vols.	“The stupid song and the stupid man!	3_s._ 6_d._ each.	“In the place of cowls, the purest       “Robes shall we when there be wearing,     “Made of silk, brocades, and muslin,       “Golden lace and ribbons flaring.	2 vols.	The moon, all yellow,     On the stone of blood look’d wildly,     And the pair of misanthropes.	“She can rant, when colours glowing       “Robe the evening sky in splendour,     “When beside the stream is blowing       “On his flute a bumpkin tender.	3_s._ 6_d._ each.	The coffin they must carry,       And sink beneath the wave;     For such a mighty coffin       Must have a mighty grave.	“If thou wouldst save him, preserve him alive,     “His return to the animal world contrive,     “O King, then send the renown’d invalid     “Direct to Paris, with utmost speed.	Thy lips alone, they still are red;     Death soon will kiss them pale and dead;     The heavenly light will soon be o’er     That from thine eyes is wont to pour.	“‘Do not rob me of the modest     “‘And religious simple garment     “‘Which my nakedness doth cover!’     “Thus I spoke, and yet the woman     “Smiled ironically; smiling     “She a switch of mistletoe     “Took, and then my head touch’d with it.	From rosy calixes food I drew,     Was thought of importance, and wheeling flew     With butterflies all of elegance rare,     And with the cricket, the artist fair.	My heart is sore oppress’d, with sighing       I think upon the days of yore;     The world was then in calmness lying,       And men were peaceful evermore.	Those stars inspired blaze wildly on       In torrents of flame, and with wonder     I feel myself full of unearthly strength,       I could rend e’en oaks asunder!	In triumph they were gleaming     In calm and radiant but excessive love.