How lovely, fair, and picturesque are the popular superstitions of France as compared with the bloody, hazy, and misshapen monsters which loom gloomily and savagely from out the mists of German legendary lore!	I will frankly avow that when I resided in Berlin, like several of my friends, I would have preferred to separate myself from the bonds of all denominations, had not the rulers there refused a residence in Prussia, and especially in Berlin, to any who did not profess one of the positive religions recognised by the State.	Though the swords of the enemies grow duller day by day, and though we have already conquered the best positions, still we cannot raise the song of victory until the work is perfected.	Here once more I could sit down to dinner like a reasonable being, and refresh my soul by gazing at good-natured, unselfish faces.	such heroic deeds often turn out as badly for me as for him, and like him I must suffer much for the honour of my lady.	He wore a dark grey overcoat, which reached to his feet, and made his figure seem very tall.	But they do not know that the devil has only borrowed Herr George Harris's form, and that meanwhile the poor soul of this poor man is shut up with other rubbish in a trunk at Hanover, until the devil returns its flesh-envelope, while he perhaps will guide his master through the world in a worthier form--namely, as a black poodle.'	Here, standing on the balcony, _in pontificalibus_ and with the triple crown upon my head, surrounded by my scarlet-hatted cardinals and mitred bishops, priests in suits of gold brocade and monks of every hue, I would have presented my holiness to the view of the swarming multitudes below, who, kneeling and with bowed heads, extended farther than the eye could reach; and I could composedly have stretched out my hands and blessed the city and the world.	In the souls of both thoughts were clamorous which each strove to hide from the other.	But how long can she live?"	Classic art had to portray only the finite, and its forms could be identical with the artist's idea.	Listen intently as he may, he hears nothing but an indescribably-faint chirping and rustling.	"After a short pause, I again leant over the arm of the chair, and whispered in the youthful lady's ear, 'Mademoiselle Laurence, where is the learned dog?'	Goethe's antipathy towards India nettled these people not a little, and A. W. Schlegel, with transparent malice, called him "a heathen converted to Mahometanism."	Edited by J.	At times when the _obligato_ goat's laugh bleated in among the melodious pangs, I caught a glimpse in the background of a crowd of small women-figures who nodded their odious heads with wicked wantonness.	Spring has sent them to awaken Earth from her morning slumber, and Earth trembles with ecstasy; her flowers are hymns, which she sings in inspiration to the sun--the sun moves far too slowly; I would fain lash on his steeds that they might advance more rapidly.	What could an austere republican, a Puritanic Liberal, who scorned the vision of roses and myrtles and sugar-plums all round, say to this?	And then the earnest Hebrew nature within him, liberated by Hegel's favourite thought of the divinity of man, came into play with its large revolutionary thirsts.	He was not a typical German; like Goethe, he never smoked; he disliked beer, and until he went to Paris he had never tasted _sauerkraut_.	The long arms appeared to grow still longer, as, holding the violin in one hand and the bow in the other, he almost touched the ground with them while displaying to the public his unprecedented obeisances.	Even if the Protestant Church may be charged with a certain odious narrow-mindedness, yet to its immortal honour be it said, that by allowing the right of free investigation in the Christian religion, and by liberating the minds of men from the yoke of authority, it made it possible for free-thought to strike root in Germany, and for science to develop an independent existence.	That the cross had been torn down from the battlements of Grecian cities apparently caused the old man a malicious satisfaction; but it did not altogether please him when he heard that the crescent had been planted there instead.	It became the fashion to institute comparisons between the writings of the two poets, and the public divided into partisan camps.	Or did, perhaps, the hoary sensualists seek by scourgings to stimulate the cloyed flesh to renewed capacity for enjoyment?	We male authors have also our prejudices.	But finally one of them made the sagacious remark that such things could not come of good, that the nightingale might be a devil, and that this devil might be seeking through its sweet music to decoy them from their pious conversations and to lure them to voluptuousness and similar pleasant sins; and then he began to exorcise, probably with the usual formula--"Adjuro te per cum, qui venturus est, judicare vivos et mortuos," etc.	I see him still, the good-natured Bellini, as, at last, exhausted with the mad Bellinism that he chattered, he sank into a seat....	Hence Uhland's knights are more pleasing to delicate nostrils than the old stalwarts, who wore heavy iron trousers, and were huge eaters, and still greater drinkers.	The doctrine of the two principles, the good and the evil, constantly opposing each other, is common to both.	But he cannot separate himself from him; a bloody contract binds him to that companion, who is no other than Satan.	Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.	I was myself the living moral law, and the fountain-head of all right and all authority.	He took a poor shepherd tribe and from it created a nation which should defy centuries; a great, an immortal, a consecrated race, a God-serving people, who to all other nations should be as a model and prototype: he created Israel.	BY R. B. HALDANE, M.P.	And now, beloved son in Christ, go to the monastery kitchen, where brother butler and brother cook will set before you a slight repast."	He shuddered at the immodest gestures and leaps of the Bacchantes, Fauns, and Satyrs, who, with their goats' feet and horns, seemed to him peculiarly diabolical, and he regarded the whole assemblage as a congress of spectres and demons, who were seeking by their mysterious rites to bring ruin on all Christians.	Smiling in response to Maria's affirmative glance, Maximilian seated himself on the chair which was beside the sofa, and began his story:-- It is now eight years since I travelled to London to become acquainted with the language and the people.	Finally it transpired that the author was a hitherto unknown village parson, by the name of Pustkuchen, which translated into French would be _omelette soufflee_, a name which aptly describes the very essence of his book.	Men became nobler and more virtuous.	So it is with Homer, so with Shakespeare.	These two are our pride and joy.	The political brotherhood which philosophy inculcates is more beneficial to us than the purely spiritual brotherhood, for which we are indebted to Christianity.	A new coat of arms was placed on the Town Hall, its iron balconies were hung with embroidered velvet drapery, French grenadiers stood as sentinels, the old town councillors had put on new faces and Sunday coats, and looked at each other French fashion, and said, _"Bon jour!	This innocent action led Madame de Stael to believe that the tender-hearted poet was overpowered by the magic of her personal charms.	From one point of view, it may well be, he continued the work of Luther and Lessing, though he was less great-hearted, less sound at core, though he had not that element of sane Philistinism which marks the Shakespeares and Goethes of the world.	When once mankind shall have recovered its perfect life, when peace shall be again restored between body and soul, and they shall again interpenetrate each other with their original harmony, then it will be scarcely possible to comprehend the factitious feud which Christianity has instigated between them.	Even at the present day in Franconia and in Suabia we see traces of this doctrine of equality, and a shuddering reverence of the Holy Spirit creeps over the wanderer when he sees in the moonshine the dark ruins of the days of the Peasant's War.	_Du sublime au ridicule il n'y a qu'un pas, Madame!_ But life is in reality so terribly serious, that it would be insupportable without such union of the pathetic and the comic; as our poets well know.	And yet the news of the death of the first was only a newspaper error; Paganini is safe and sound at Genoa, and Bellini lies in his grave at Paris!"	The town of Düsseldorf is very beautiful, and if you think of it when in foreign lands, and happen at the same time to have been born there, strange feelings come over the soul.	The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.	Where it concerned the Madonna, the Catholic clergy always made some concessions to sensuality.	"I cannot describe to you how vexed I became, when, after seeking for three days in vain for the little company through all the streets of London, I was forced to conclude that they had left the town.	To be sure, matters are at present rather quiet, and if occasionally this one or the other rants and gesticulates somewhat violently, do not believe that these are the real actors.	Hence it is to be readily understood that the ballads and romances of our worthy Uhland not only received the most cordial applause from the patriots of 1813, from pious youths and sentimental maidens, but also from more powerful and more modern minds.	Yes, I rejoiced at this discovery like one who unexpectedly meets his most intimate friend; the pale hues gradually grew bright, and at last her sweet little person seemed to stand bodily before me, smiling, pouting, witty, and prettier than ever.	This man, whom his contemporaries called the German Socrates, and whose nobleness of soul and intellectual powers they so admired, was the son of a poor sexton of the synagogue at Dessau.	Cervantes, Shakespeare, and Goethe form the triumvirate of poets, who, in the three great divisions of poetry, epic, dramatic, and lyric, have achieved the greatest success.	"Paris delighted me by the cheerfulness which prevails there, and which exercises its influence over the most sombre minds.	In like manner the names of the present cities and villages in Greece, which were mentioned by the sailors, were unknown to him; at this the old man would shake his head sadly, and the sailors looked at one another perplexed.	The deepest truth blooms only out of the deepest love, and hence comes the harmony of the views of the elder Preacher in the Mount, who spoke against the aristocracy of Jerusalem; and those later preachers of the mountain, who, from the summit of the Convention in Paris, preached a tri-coloured gospel, according to which, not merely the form of the State, but all social life should be, not patched, but formed anew, newly founded; yes, born again.	In certain communities, indeed, Protestantism assumed a tendency which in the end became quite identical with morality, and the gospels remained as a beautiful parable only.	Hence his works can never be regarded as the pure model of that style of fiction which we denominate the Romance.	The orthodox were highly incensed against the great heathen, as Goethe was generally called in Germany; they feared his influence upon the people, whom he indoctrinated with his manner of viewing the world through merry verses, even through the simplest and most unpretentious ballads.	And so, on a quiet winter's night, when a glowing fire was burning on my hearth, I availed myself of the good opportunity, and cast the manuscript of my work on the Hegelian philosophy into the flames.	He did not come into contact with the Schlegels, and was in no way affected by their tendencies.	The above list of names includes only authors; the number of painters, who in swarms simultaneously abjured Protestantism and reason, was much larger.	If some one accidentally jostled me without immediately asking pardon, I could safely wager that it was a fellow-countryman.	but sometimes it appears to me as if this Mosaic God were only the reflected radiance of Moses himself, whom he so strongly represents in wrath and in love.	To me it seems that a methodical people, such as we Germans are, must necessarily have commenced with the Reformation, could only after that proceed to occupy ourselves with philosophy, and not until the completion of the latter could we pass on to the political revolution.	You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org Title: The Prose Writings of Heinrich Heine Author: Heinrich Heine Editor: Havelock Ellis Release Date: September 19, 2011 [EBook #37478] Language: English Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1 *** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE PROSE WRITINGS OF HEINE *** Produced by Chuck Greif and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This book was produced from scanned images of public domain material from the Google Print project.)	Wieland was worshipped idolatrously, more than Goethe ever was.	and "Lafayette aux cheveux blancs."	Or is it one risen from the dead, a vampire with a violin, who, if not the blood out of our hearts, at any rate sucks the gold out of our pockets?	Alas!	Hence the masses were more than ever inclined to prayer, to religion, to Christianity.	Perhaps they are haunted by sad memories of Egypt, that land of the dead from which they came; or perhaps it is a mournful longing for the life from which other divinities have expelled them, or a grieving over their immortality of death.	It went better with Hebrew, for I always had a great predilection for the Jews, although they to this very hour have crucified my good name; but I never could get so far in Hebrew as my watch, which had an intimate intercourse with pawnbrokers, and in consequence acquired many Jewish habits--for instance, it would not go on Saturday--and learned the holy language, and was subsequently occupied with its grammar, for often when sleepless in the night I have to my amazement heard it industriously repeating: _katal_, _katalta_, _katalki_--_kittel_, _kittalta_, _kittalti_--_pokat_, _pokadeti_--_pikat_--_pik_--_pik_.	"No, I have also loved dead women," answered Maximilian, over whose face an expression of seriousness had spread.	_EDITED BY DR. J. W. WILLIAMS, M.A._ CONTENTS.	=HOGG=.	This dance had nothing mediaeval, nor Venetian, nor hump-backed, nor Macabrian about it; there was neither moonshine nor incest in it.