That which usurps authority the law takes hold of, but if you be led by the spirit, then you are not under the law.	(C. J., I., p.	(_Swarthmore Transcripts_, IV., p.	347.)	And now, Friends, if there be any oppression, exaction or defrauding by making a prize, through the freedom which God hath given you the world will say, The Quakers are not as they were; therefore such should be exhorted to equity and truth.	20.)	For with an eye you may reach the witness.	(_Works_, VII., p.	A Fat and Merry Captain.	Wait all in the light which Christ Jesus hath enlightened you withal, that with the light you may see Christ Jesus from whence it comes and may receive power from Christ who hath all power in heaven and earth given to him which if ye have the light and do not believe in it which ye are enlightened withal which light lets you see, mark, the light lets you see your deeds whether they be wrought in God or no ... but hating this light, which lets see it, will be your condemnation.	In the church of God there is no such custom to be allowed.	So though swearing was lawful in the time of the law as other things and offerings, in the time of the gospel is forbidden....	He goeth from the light he is enlightened withal when he strikes.	109.)	And the God of power and love keep all friends in power, in love, that there be no surmisings, but pure refreshings in the unlimited love of God, which makes one another known in the conscience to read one another's hearts; being comprehended into this love, it is inseparable and all are here one.	IV.	Marriage.	And every one mind the light that God hath commanded to shine out of darkness and hath shined into your hearts, "to give you the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ, (your saviour) that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of yourselves," in this you are sensible of His heavenly treasure in your earthly vessels.	Sir Thomas Browne.	All such as cry, Lord, Lord, and preach Christ, Christ, and do not his will, enter not into his kingdom themselves, and into it they can bring none.	The Lord's righteous judgments shall find thee out the witness in thy conscience shall answer it.	And all Friends everywhere take heed of wandering up and down about needless occasions for there is danger of getting into the careless words out of seriousness weightiness and savouriness.	O, therefore, Friends, who have purchased this through great sufferings lose not through great favour which God hath given unto you.	75.)	(C. J., I., p.	Discerners of Spirits.	And I was moved to declare to the people how all people in the fall were from the image of God and righteousness and holiness, and they was as wells without the water of life, clouds without the heavenly rain, trees without the heavenly fruit and in the nature of beasts and serpents, and tall cedars and oaks, and bulls and heifers, so they might read this nature within as the prophet described to people that were out of truth, and how that they was in the nature of dogs and swine biting and rending, and the nature of briars, thistles and thorns, and like the owls and dragons in the night, and like the wild asses and horses snuffing up, and like the mountains and rocks and crooked and rough ways, so I exhorted them to read these without and within in their nature and the wandering stars, read them without and look within all that was come to the bright and morning star, so as their fallow ground must be ploughed up before it beared seed to them, so must the fallow ground of their heart be ploughed up before they bear seed to God.	They that know their God shall be strong.	(_Works_, VIII., p.	For the seed of God that is weighty and brings solid and into the wisdom of God by which is the wisdom of the creation known.	The True Balance.	84, 85.)	His gospel is free to every creature and his grace is free to every creature.	44-45.)	85.)	And I told him had not the priest two caps upon his head, and if the friend should cut off the brim of his hat then he would have but one; for the brim was to save the rain off his neck and shoulders, and he cried, Away with these frivolous things and then I asked him why he imprisoned the friend for frivolous things.	Enslaved Races.	And so, now you that are settled in those parts, who have had a testimony from the Lord to bear to people of the truth, you should spread abroad God's eternal truth; and have meetings (as I said before) with the Indian Kings and people; so that all the earth may come to look unto the Lord for salvation.	Isaac Penington: Selections from his Writings and Letters.	Now when the seed is up in every particular then there is no danger.	Despise not the prophecy ... neither be lifted up in your openings, lest ye depart from that which opened.	322.)	322.)	Representatives.	Friends, do not judge one another in meetings, ye that do minister in the meetings; for your so doing hath hurt the people both within and without and yourselves under their judgment ye have brought.	(_Short Journal_, p. 71).	Respecting Persons.	(C. J., I., pp.	(_Works_, VII., p.	And there came another company that pretended they were triers of spirits; and I asked them a question: what was the first step to peace, and what it was by which a man might see his salvation?	Never heed the wicked's tempest, storm nor hail, nor his instruments of cruelty.	And dwelling in the light, there is no occasion at all of stumbling, for all things are discovered with the light.	But the apostle also says that daughters and handmaids should prophesy which they did both in the time of the law and gospel and man and woman was meet helps before they fell, in the image of God and righteousness and holiness; and so they are to be again in the restoration by Christ Jesus.	And thence came all their loss.	Such, God measures their ways, God gives to them measure and just weight according to their works.	(C. J., I., p.	(C. J., I., p.	And the under-goaler would hardly come up to unlock one of the upper doors; the smoke was so thick that I almost smothered with smoke and so starved with cold and rain that my body was almost numbed, and my body swelled with the cold.	For your law doth alter and exchange, which is external.	81.)	And therefore all to stand steadfast in Christ Jesus your head, in whom you are all one, male and female and knoweth his government, and the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end.	By LEWIS    TOWNSEND.	(_Works_, VII., p.	Women are heirs of life as well as men ... they must all give an account of their stewardship and are to be possessors of life and light and grace and the gospel of Christ, and to labour in it and to keep their liberty and freedom in it as well as the men.	The word of life this declare we unto you.	(_Short Journal_, p.	The hireling is fled and flies because he was an hireling, whose religion was for the summer; whilst the sun shined; but in a storm, a tempest, a mist, or the sun clouded, their religion they flee from; his flight is in the winter.	Now that which is external, with it to judge things eternal cannot be, (but limit God).	Now that Friends are become a good savour in the hearts of all people, lose it not but rather increase it in the life.	Who art thou that queriest in thy mind what is that which I feel that condemneth me when I do evil and justifieth me when I do well, what is it?	320.)	11, 12.)	(_Epistles_, No.	(_Works_, VIII., p.	Riches and Poverty.	Move Abroad in the Spirit of Obedience.	The First Step.	138.)	For the people would not trade with them nor trust them; and for a time people that were tradesmen could hardly get money enough to buy bread.	I., p.	God that made the world and all things therein and giveth life and breath to all is the God of spirits of all flesh and is no respecter of persons.	27.)	155.)