She wandered about the room, eagerly taking in battered chairs and more little tables and whatnots and faded pictures on the faded walls.	*       *       *       *       * Purgatory.	After lunch she worked in the surgeries until they were ready for Monday morning and made an attack on the mass of clerical work that remained from the old year.	Perhaps there were things in this strong man that were not perfectly good and serene.	She had the wonderful voice all to herself.	Things that no one could share, coming again and again just as some outside thing was beginning to interest you, as if to _remind_ you that the inmost reality comes to you when you are alone......	_Bianchi_ and _Neri_ whispered her neighbour eagerly in the midst of a long sentence addressed to a girl at her side.	She was waiting tremulously for a verdict.	They are more intelligent than Englishmen.	Miriam's glance elastic in the warmth coming from the room swept from the flood of yellow hair on the back of the youngest Bailey girl sitting close at her mother's left hand, across to the far side of the table.	Tell us about the beautiful things."	The Baileys were still sitting by the fire with their backs to Dr. von Heber standing alone in the twilight in the middle of the room.	Its cold china knob told her callously that her real place was in the little room upstairs with the bedroom crockery cold in the mid-morning light.	Better to go, and have late evenings every day next week, cheered by the protests of the Orlys and ending with warm hours in the den.	Russian or Hungarian.	"Very pretty, mts, very pretty, young lady."	Satsuma; at either end of the mantelpiece shutting in the scatter of vases and bowls two large squat rounded Satsuma basins--with arched lids.	With Beeston tyres.	They met at the end of the table standing one each side the angle of the fireside corner, smiling as if her murmured response to his greeting had been a speech in a play ready-made to bring them together.	Waiting at the end of every dark passage.	"It can't be right to make half a guinea an hour so easily.	The disconnected narrative was flowing again.	She was unable to lose herself in the Wagner overture.	On the hall table lay a letter; from Eve; witnessing her discomfort; soothing, and reproaching...... Eve would have stayed and talked to the musician.	You have nothing whatever to do with what goes on on the other side of the curtain.	The moment of realisation of spring had come by surprise; there lay all the spring days ahead leading on to summer spread out for anyone to see, calling to Eve or to anyone who might have come into the room to whom one could have said doesn't the smell of mimosa make you realise the winter is over; and here within, lit up as if by a suddenly switched on electric light was one's own real realisation going back and back; in pictures that grew clearer, each time something happened that switched on a light within the black spaces of your mind.	I don't care.	It's a purfect evening murmured Dr. Wayneflete.	The humble yearning devotion in the voice reading the lines made it a prayer, the very voice a prayer to a spirit waiting all round, present in himself, in every one listening, in the very atmosphere.	Above her blouse, transformed by the disappearance of its ugly collar, her graceful neck went up, a column of filmy lace.	She wondered that she had never put it to herself before.	Those other makes are not made to last; giving way inside somewhere where you could not see, suddenly; in the midst of the traffic; the man's new bicycle, coming in _two_, in Cheapside .... smiling, I've got a message for you from Winthrop; well that's not strictly true.	One day he would suddenly fall down, dead; young and unknown to anyone in the world, carrying away his mystery.	That's not true; smooth fat thinness with dark filmy cruel clothes that last; having supper afterwards; but it would be true in a magazine; a weird medium; the grocer's wife with second sight was fat and ordinary; a simple woman.	I'll buy the machine and you'll owe the price to me.	Something real, clearing away the tumult and compelling peaceful silence.	Eve would not look, and wanted her to be gone.	His way of waiting as if one were some queer being he was waiting to see say or do something anyone could understand was the same as the English way only more open.	They had believed.	But taking you somewhere, to stay, forgetting everything, until it is finished.	They were too busy.	His sudden searching look, are you mad or intoxicated, with your sudden Billingsgate manners, had said that Farringdon Road was in the world and that he intended to conduct himself in the usual manner of a gentleman escorting a lady.	There is a looseness in the fabric of our minds.	The grime-screened saffron light fell on white hands pinning a skein of bright gold hair round the back of a small head.	It was history repeating itself.	A few steps and she would be going upstairs.	"You must not wait, nor think of words.	They'll never do it, she told herself as she made her way through the darkness towards her A.B.C.	Divided life all the time _always_.	The three men were talking in eager happy sentences and laughing happily and not noisily.	Perhaps the trouble was that they had been cheated by not being told exactly how Eve was only just managing to come at all and how scraped everything would be.	Fabric.	But that evening he found out that I had nothing at all.	Within the entrance gravelled darkness opened out on either side.	She was talking about some orchestra somewhere ...... of something she wanted to play, _he_ conducting, she finished in a tone of worship.	Do you like it?	Had he really beaten those wonderful skaters?	Grace laughed.--I suppose we ought to light the gas she said getting up?--Why?----Oh well--Florrie will be coming in and asking why we're sitting in the dark----What if she does?----Oh, I think I'll light it Miriam.	To her right stood a small battered three-tiered lacquer and bamboo tea-table, and beyond it a large circular table polished and inlaid and strewn with dingy books occupied the end of the room between the fireplace and the wall.	The first of Emile's dishes appeared over her left shoulder and she saw as she turned unprepared, raised heads turned towards her end of the table.	Genius understands everything.	Why were they so secret?	"You infer that the English have more humanity."	CHAPTER VII Miriam found her old prayer-book and scribbled her name on the flyleaf..... Bella de Castro writing _from mother_ under her name in her bible ...... _feeling_ something, privately, not knowing that anyone would see it......	Je m'en fiche-- You skated all the way along the canal.-- Ieeea skate their can_al_.	He did not know what made a concert.	He looked extraordinary, not himself.	Yorkshire.	A steady morning's work disposed of the correspondence and the inrush of paid accounts.	"It's something in the Orlys."	It was an affectation.	This was the way people talked.	After a Turkish bath one feels like a new-born babe."	But there was something else; perhaps it was in all musicians who were such great executors as to be almost composers.	This is the only way in.	*       *       *       *       * They had seen the English country with her.	*       *       *       *       * The present can be judged by the part of the past it brings up.	You can't understand it or see where it is.	It would be like deliberately speaking a foreign language suddenly, to assert yourself.	Miriam went through the swing door into warm yellow gaslight.	Free desperate obedience to them would bring a revelation.	She hurried along feeling out towards them through downcast eyes.	The door would open and show a face with surprised eyes staring into her betrayed consciousness.