As they circled slowly down the length of the room she stared at his black shoulder a few inches from her eyes.	Lazy fair.	Standing back at last she still lingered.	Why did Miss Perne speak so triumphantly?	There aren't any here!"	"Not I. I knew his mind too well.	"It isn't," she explained a little breathlessly, in relief, suddenly respecting him, allowing him to thread a way for her through the increasing crowd towards the open evening, "that I don't want to see the fireworks, but I simply can't stand the noise."	There isn't anybody.	Miss Perne had kissed her and held one of her hands in two small welcoming ones, talking in a gleeful voice.	She put one or two questions about them, 'You really like going there?'	"God, what a filthy world!	"You'll stay tea?	"Tom said at breakfast with his mouth absolutely _full_ of sweet-bread, 'it'll rain'--growled, you know, with his mouth _crammed_ full.	You must come.	"Must you?"	Even the sunlight paid a sort of homage to the fathomless certainty she felt.	_In manus_ something.... You understand if nobody else does.	12 And the thought of Julia was always a disturbance in going to tea with the Brooms.	People would die.	She was quite sure they were not so to the other teachers, and she hesitated when she thought over this difference, between the explanation which accounted for their size and redoubtableness by her own feebleness and the one to which she inclined when she felt her success as a teacher.	To-morrow it would be there again, waiting for them when they woke in the morning.	She must tell him at once about the fireworks.	"Eh?	she said conversationally.	She would sacrifice her chance of a third slice.	Somebody seemed to be speaking.	To-day it could not hold her.	"Is Mary driving them into the dining-room properly?"	He can only hope to prove not unworthy; and so a hearty au revoir from yours affectionately.'	Miss Haddie was one of the fortunate ones.	"Let us go out," she heard him say, and her footsteps were guided across the moulding, her arm retained in his.	Their faces were turned towards the chancel.	Four of the girls, two square-built Quakeresses with straight brown frocks, deep slow voices and dreamy eyes, a white-faced, tawny-haired, thin child with an eager stammer, and a brilliant little Jewess knew the "principal facts and dates" of the reign of Edward I by rote backwards and forwards in response to any form of question.	"Phm," said Miriam impatiently, "I suppose it is."	He had spoken quite simply.	"Certificated?"	Ye needn't think that.	Either she must catch Eve up or wait for Harriett ... not be alone any longer with this man.	"She hasn't returned to the subject again.	It's all coming out now,' she thought.	"Well now, what is the difficulty," said Miriam, "of getting hold of the events of this queer little reign?"	Ah, that is excellent--I want you to talk to me.	The air that had rushed so wildly by them a few minutes ago was still and calm and friendly; the distant crowd harmless and insignificant.	They shot slackening up a short incline and stood up still hand in hand, laughing incoherently.	"Awri, you hold the door open."	Her nostrils breathed in smoke, and as she tasted the burnt flavour the sweetness of the unpolluted air all around her was a new thing.	"Is it?"	But it's much better up here.	You see it is hardly of any use to speak to them afterwards.	No individual study of the gels' characters----" "Well.	Why do you say you weren't?	"Poor cook--another tooth," sighed Trixie.	She would never laugh.	She had a great big frame.	The man was too near and too big.	"You are like an expressive metronome."	What a pity!	They showed no sign of seeing these things.	She glanced fearfully from one to the other and bit her lips.	"It is most strange.	"Well _really_, Miriam," said Miss Haddie, blushing, with a little laugh half choked by a cough.	He would keep on saying that at intervals until Harriett had learned too.	She was afraid and sullen all the time.	"You have not thought much about men."	Holding them up in the gaslight she dreamed over their wisdom.	Harriett came in and stepped up on to the high canopied bed.	For a moment she felt sick, naked and weak.	Gertie even as a child was the English thing that Julia disliked.	"I don't know," responded Miriam.	We'll have supper in the sitting-room.	The first and second-class girls were settled there at their written examination in English history.	"I say, Eve, I'm _scared_," said Miriam, meeting her.	"What _sticks_ my family are--I had no idea," muttered Miriam furiously into Eve's face.	"I said DAMNATION."	The thing to remember, to keep in mind all the time was to save money--not to spend a single penny that could be saved, to be determined about that so that when the temptation came you could just hang on until it was past.	She held the cigarette between two fingers.	"Don't you adore kiddies, Miss Henderson?"	He knows.'	In the mist the area railings stood hard and solid against the edge of empty space.	Smothering a convulsion, Miriam sat dumb.	The smooth soft leather slipped altogether into Miriam's hands and she felt the passing contact of a cool small hand and noted a faint fine scent coming to her from Miss Haddie's person.	"Then I'm the most crawling thing on the face of the earth," thought Miriam, turning silently to the tree-tops looming softly just outside the window; "and the worst of it is I only know it at moments now and again."	"I thought you didn't look very happy in church this morning," cluttered Miss Haddie rapidly.