She could not say this for even one of the English girls.	A cold shadow closed in on Miriam's mind.	She found herself making up scene after scene surrounded by eager faces.	Towards the end of the evening, dreaming alone in the schoolroom near the closed door of the little room whence the scenes were lit, she felt herself in a vast space.	"Hendchen, Hendchen," she cooed in her consoling tones, "to house to house, I am so angry--hangry."	or "Is it possible!"	As the little party of four making its way home, cleansed and hungry, united and happy, stood for a moment on a tree-planted island half-way across a wide open space, Minna with her eager smile said, gazing, "Oh, I would like a glass Bier."	Baskets at her feet made her pick her way.	She would feel a stirring of animation in her companions.	"Som one should go, go you, Henchen," urged Emma.	... no Minna.	She knew that this sense of relief made her able to speak.	The words were wrong.	When the music ceased Miriam hoped she had not been gazing at the window.	"Won't marry a German professor, or won't tell mother, do you mean?...	They closed in on her again.	The English she assured herself were more refined than the Germans.	Miriam wished all the world could see her....	You may thank us they didn't send you things with little rujabiba frills."	That you know.	Had her masters been more--respectful than these Germans were?	Underneath the awning, faces were growing dim.	Chalk it up, children," giggled Jimmie.	How lovely.	As she stooped to gather up her gloves from the floor she felt the cold stone firm and secure under her hand.	There was always a moment when they knew that the excitement was over and the landing stricken into certainty.	Across the landing someone began to sneeze rapidly sneeze after sneeze.	Millie would smile when she was a little older--and she would go respectfully to church all her life--Miriam had felt a horror even of the work-basket Millie had been tidying during their conversation--and Millie had gone upstairs, she knew, feeling that they had "begun to be friends" and would be different the next time they met.	"Na, was sticken Sie da Miss Henderson?"	Sometimes Miriam caught the mocking tinkle of her laughter.	How quiet the house seemed.	Perhaps Apollyon could be made to come at once--sweeping in like a large bat--be torn to bits--those men at that college said he had come to them.	Only twice had she succeeded--at the last school concert when she had been too miserable to be nervous and Mr. Strood had told her she did him credit and, once she had sung "Chanson de Florian" in a way that had astonished her own listening ear--the notes had laughed and thrilled out into the air and come back to her from the wall behind the piano....	Her playing, on the bad old piano in the dark dressing-room in the basement, had prepared Miriam for the difference between the performance of these German girls and nearly all the piano-playing she had heard.	But Fräulein with many smiles and kind words denied the young man's formally repeated pleadings.	They chaffed each other.	How stupid people must be not to discover these things.	"No, I didn't cry.	je ne veux pas, je ne veux pas," sobbed Mademoiselle.	She knew at first that she was reading like a cultured person and that Fräulein would recognise this at once, she knew that the perfect assurance of her pronunciation would make it seem that she understood every word, but soon these feelings gave way to the sense half grasped of the serpentine path winding and mounting through a wood, of a glimpse of a distant valley, of flocks and villages, and of her unity with Fräulein and Minna seeing and feeling all these things together.	Up the railing of the stairway and over the entrance of the summer-house a creeping plant was putting out tiny leaves.	It had been too hot during the last few days for any going out at midday, and she had hoped that the strolling in the garden, sitting about under the chestnut tree and in the little wooden garden room off the saal had taken the place of walks for the summer.	Mademoiselle had guessed it would be a "milk-walk."	It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.	She thought they would not notice.	"Mais pour_quoi_ pas, Mademoiselle?"	She'd got reams about you, Hendy--nothing bad enough."	"Vraiment j'ai peur," whispered Mademoiselle.	Emma kept up a little solo of reproach hanging on Miriam's arm.	It was pleasant to lie tranquil, open-eyed and unchallenged while others moved busily about.	Not far ahead was the roadway which led, she supposed to the farm where they were to drink new milk.	Clara was jealous.	"I don't," gasped Gertrude, towelling.	There was always a moment when they knew that the excitement was over and the landing stricken into certainty.	It startled her with its brightness.... "It's no good, it's no good," she said, as her hands fumbled for the fastenings.	"Na, Kinder," crooned Fraeulein gently, when he had disappeared, "a walk--a walk in the beautiful sunshine.	It was a strange new thought that anyone should object to being with a married woman ... would she object?	Then when the mood came, she played ... and listened.	White frillings shone now at the neck and sleeves of her little grey dress.	But must she always be pretending?	What was it like?	There was also a great dish of pumpernickel besides the usual food.	They seemed so untroubled....	The Germans made no modification of their polite attentiveness.	"Yes I do.	She had longed to feel at home with them and to teach them things worth teaching; they seemed pitiful in some way, like children in her hands.	so."	But it was during these walks that she began to perceive that she was making, in a way she had not at all anticipated, a complete failure of her rôle of English teacher.	Jimmie was sweeping the basement floor with a duster tied round her hair.	She heard Fraeulein talking in English of councillors and centuries and assumed for a moment as Fraeulein's eye passed her a look of intelligence; then they had all moved on together deeper into the town.	She lay motionless.	To-morrow it would be taken away and she would be gone.	Fraeulein tried and opened the great carved doorway of the church ... incense....	It was cheating, pure and simple.	Grave....	"Some people don't," she said.	"Germans are all right, me dear.	Timidly meeting Gertrude's eye Miriam received her half-smile, watched her eyebrows flicker faintly up and the little despairing shrug she gave as she went on with her mending.	It is a new attitude towards fiction, and one that I could not hope to explain in an introduction--even if I could explain it at all; for explanation in this connexion would seem to imply a knowledge that only the mystics can faintly realise.	The little group had disappeared.	Men liked creatures like that.	Eager and dumb and remorseful she had gone out of the house and into the cab with Sarah, and then had come the long sitting in the loop-line train ... "talk about something" ... Sarah sitting opposite and her unchanged voice saying "What shall we talk about?"	"No----" responded Miriam, assuming an air of puzzled and interested consideration of Fräulein's words.