Now this little ball of light was really a fairy girl who knew everything worth knowing.	he cried, and Michael, seeing that he had been tricked, burst into a loud "Boo-hoo-oo!"	"Shake hands on't," said Hook, but Smee did not want to, and begged to be excused.	Nibs, who was very brave, slipped away through the trees to scout, but the others had only just time to scuttle down the stairs in the hollow trees before the big ugly buccaneers came tramping up, hauling their captain, who was sitting in state upon a sledge.	"Ran away--why?"	"All will be safe," said Peter.	They were playing about happily, although they were beginning to be a little anxious that Peter was so long away.	I want always to be a little boy and have fun.	"That will never do," Peter said, "I must blow the fairy dust on you.	he heard, and at the dreaded sound he yelled: "The crocodile!	But suddenly there was a stamping overhead, and banging and a clashing, and a shouting, and a sound of heavy people wrestling and struggling to and fro.	"Why, they are the children who fall out of their perambulators when their nurses are looking the other way.	At last, finding himself outdone, the Captain gave up the fight, and in all haste swam back to his ship.	"Tap, tap, tap."	Her courage so inspired the children that they all cried they would do what their mothers wished.	Furious at this mutinous behaviour, Hook shouted, "I'll bring that doodledoo out myself," but he had no better success, and came rushing back in a cowardly fashion, saying: "Something blew out the light."	You see, Wendy, when the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.	[Illustration: HE PERCEIVED TINKER BELL IN HIS GLASS.]	None of the children had time to put on their day clothes, but John snatched his top hat as he flew out of the window, followed by Michael.	Smee, as the Captain's wily lieutenant was called, was overjoyed at this plan, and chuckled loudly.	Then indeed, as the tide rose steadily, Peter was in great peril.	"It's like this," replied Wendy, and gently kissed his cheek.	Mr.	Mermaids, however, are hard to catch, and when caught, are still harder to hold.	After trying and trying in vain the poor little fellow gave up the attempt, buried his face in his hands, and sobbed despairingly.	Not only would she return with John and Michael, but she would take all the Boys with her, for her mother to adopt.	If I am no use I can at least withdraw," she said, jumping back into bed and covering her head in a dignified way with the bedclothes.	Then Nibs told the Boys how he had seen the loveliest white bird you could imagine.	Somebody was knocking at the door.	One girl is more use than twenty boys."	Outside, the faithful Tiger Lily and her Red Indian band were keeping guard against the Pirates.	He was miserable at the thought of losing Wendy, but he couldn't consent to grow old and have a beard, as he knew he must do if he left the Never-Never-Never Land.	When the children clamoured for a dance, Peter even said that he was too old for such a game, and that his old bones would simply rattle, and Wendy also thought that the mother of such an armful could not go skipping about with her children.	"Oh!	They did not like to carry her down into the cave, as it might not be sufficiently respectful, so they planned to build a house over her.	But all at once a large kite came flying slowly over the lagoon.	"Down, Boys, and at them," he shouted, and with a rush the Boys, armed with weapons which Peter had found and given them in the cabin, swarmed down upon the lower deck.	A happy idea now struck him.	Tink will show you the way," and bidding a hurried good-bye to Peter, away they all went up the stairways in the tree-trunks, out into the forest.	They must go home at once.	The cabin boys were told that they must of course swear "Down with King George!"	She even offered to give Peter a kiss if he liked.	Then he turned towards Wendy, who was very busy mending the children's socks by the fireside.	You see children know such a lot now.	[1]     [1] This is a good way of scaring away mad bulls and wild     animals, but it is always safer to practise on cows or in the     Zoo _first_.	"I must go back now," he went on, "the boys will be anxious to hear the end of the story about the Prince and the Glass Slipper.	No one saw Peter cut the ropes which bound Wendy, and take her place at the mast, and cover his face with the brown cloak she had left, while Wendy joined the Boys.	Each one had a special staircase hollowed in a tree-trunk, so that they could easily run down among the roots of the trees into their home.	the fris-ky plank, you walk a-long it     so-- Till it goes down and you goes down to too-ral loo-ral lo-- he sang, waving his hook to show how, when the plank tipped, they would be shot into the water and drowned.	"Tink, where are you?"	"What will you call _me_ if I join?"	The Captain only got a start when the crocodile was asleep, and with that and a swift ship he had managed so far to escape.	The Pirates had scarcely disappeared in the depths of the forest when the Indians crept silently up in pursuit of them.	As she combed her hair she sang such a wonderful melody that the boys longed to catch her.	Again he began to sing, "Yo ho, yo ho, the frisky plank," but the Boys, filled with hope and excitement, drowned his voice by singing "Rule, Britannia," and just as the Pirate was about to vent his rage upon them he was silenced by a shrill and piercing cock's-crow from the cabin.	"Aha!"	Fortunately, one of them remembered Peter's plan.	"There is one," came a ringing voice, and the brown cloak was flung aside and there stood Peter Pan.	With difficulty he managed to help her to a firm footing, but the tide was rising, and they were both in great danger.	The boys were already swimming to the shore as fast as they could, when to his horror Peter recognised Tiger Lily sitting in the stern, tightly bound with ropes.	"Yes," said Tootles, and pointed to her as she lay motionless on the ground.	Tinker Bell at last rested a few moments on the second drawer of the nursery dresser; instantly the boy ran joyfully to it, and pulling open the drawer snatched out his shadow neatly rolled up, just as Mrs.	exclaimed Peter, struck with a new idea.	"Peter, will you teach John and Michael to fly as well?"	The trees were bare without their summer dress, and wolves prowled and howled in the distance, and wild beasts snarled in the undergrowth, and Pirates sailed villainously up the lake, and Red Indians, who were friends of the boys, lived secretly in their wigwams hidden in the glades of the woods.	THE CROCODILE!"]	Hence his name.	I didn't mean a _kiss_, I meant a thimble!"	"You may go now!	Here was the Captain's last chance.	Upon this, Wendy was cruelly tied to the mast whilst Hook's orders were being carried out.	At last they quietened down for Wendy to tell them just one more story before they were tucked in for the night.	John and Michael were then pushed on one side and told that their doom was sealed, while Hook shouted, "Bring up their mother."	Go it did, and it ticked so loudly that the Captain could always hear it coming, and it was the signal for him to bolt!	Presently the crackling of branches indicated Peter's approach through the underwood.	The evening fell softly down on the forest, and the shadows rose, so that everything was dark and still, save for the occasional baying of a wolf.	In a moment Wendy was dragged from the hold, and when the Boys rushed to protect her they were pulled back, leaving her standing alone, looking very frightened but pretty in her brown dress, with a long brown cloak wrapped round her.	The Captain had naturally some reason for hating Peter, for he had a dreadful time in eluding the pursuit of the voracious crocodile, but still the beast dogged his footsteps, and followed him on and on and on by land and sea wherever he went.	"Second turning to the right, and straight on till morning."	The Pirates had taken the Red Indians by surprise.	"Are all the prisoners chained so that they can't fly away?"	Struck motionless with terror, the crew looked to their Captain for some explanation, who ordered Gecco, one of his men, to enter the cabin and see what was the matter.	Besides, I can't fly."