DEARTH (with the sad smile of the disillusioned).	One would scarcely call me an artist now-a-days.	A second chance!	Of course the moment my hair is up there will be other changes also; for instance, I shall talk quite differently.	I should think it is a tear.	(converted).	To imply that I--that your husband--oh, shame!	MABEL.	Shall I?	MRS. COADE (pleasantly curious).	ALICE (sharply).	MRS. COADE.	Especially artists.	Parent dear, do you remember the days when your Margaret was a slip of a girl, and sat on your knee?	I can't think what has become of the others.	MARGARET.	Joanna would have guessed at once.	ALICE.	MABEL.	JOANNA (fluttering nearer to him.)	Alas, I am unavoidably detained.	ALICE.	Shake him again.	Dad, she is not quite so fine as that.	If I hadn't married you what a different woman I should be.	Well, I want you to come out with us to-night to watch him.	ALICE.	MRS. COADE (inquisitorially).	ALICE.	PURDIE.	If you wish it I shall always be true to you in word and deed; it is your right.	May I intrude?	I shouldn't have said that.	Yes, but my idea first.	MATEY.	No woman ever had a better friend.	Joanna knows you admire it, and for a week she did hers in the same way.	We feel that though we had no unusual experiences in the wood, others may not have been so fortunate.	But I'm glad you prefer daughters.	My muffler; I have missed it.	I am sorry for him; but still-- MATEY (his eyes turning to LADY CAROLINE).	For those who have the grit in them, yes.	She runs from tree to tree calling to her Daddy.	PURDIE.	She tries dutifully to count her hundred, but the wood grows dark and soon she is afraid again.	I suppose it's too late to try to patch things up?	JOANNA (descending to the lower plane, on which even goddesses snap).	(Bewildered) But what has that to do with my laugh, Daddy?	You might take a wrong turning yourself, my lady.	You are sure you have told us all you know, Matey?	MABEL (who has peeped).	DEARTH (with a groan).	DEARTH.	My clothes!	ALICE.	DEARTH.	No, no, not as if you were sitting or it; that is too professional.	Won't you be my wife, my dear, and so give my long dream of you a happy ending?	JOANNA.	You do everything for me.	PURDIE (plumbing the well of his emotions).	Jack, she hasn't worn that gown of late.	I am sure you are always kind to her.	Let us go on.	DEARTH.	Don't worry about that, Coady darling.	ALICE.	PURDIE.	MARGARET.	LADY CAROLINE.	Do give me a chance, Mabel.	It quite takes me aback.	I know!	JOANNA (promptly resuming her seat).	Let us try to think it out.	PURDIE (taking the floor).	Not a word against her, Mabel; if blame there is the blame is mine.	MR. COADE is old, a sweet pippin of a man with a gentle smile for all; he must have suffered much, you conclude incorrectly, to acquire that tolerant smile.	He isn't necessarily by himself; and I don't know that he is looking for me.	Ah, that is one of its most charming features.	PURDIE (after another silence).	It is never twice in the same place apparently.	That's about it.