Happy the land that can produce such subjects for the pen.	However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other form.	I miss the curls of Canteloupe,      The laugh of Lady Di.'	The gaps they have left in this University are among the most honourable of her wounds.	now, and you would not think to look at him that he could ever have presented such a disreputable appearance.	The face itself, of course, is still more tell-tale, for it is the record of all one's past life.	Science, too, has at last come to its own in St. Andrews.	LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.	1.E.3.	Finally they looked through the books of the monastery, and these revealed that there had been a Father Anselm there a hundred or more years before.	What is beauty?	Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.	Perhaps his childhood may have been overfull of gladness; they don't like that.	I speak with his voice.	You will all fall into one of those two callings, the joyous or the uncongenial; and one wishes you into the first, though our sympathy, our esteem, must go rather to the less fortunate, the braver ones who 'turn their necessity to glorious gain' after they have put away their dreams.	If I have concealed my emotions in addressing you it is only the thrawn national way that deceives everybody except Scotsmen.	The spring of the year lies buried in the fields of France and elsewhere.	The loveliest of all young actresses, the dearest of all old ones; it seems only yesterday that all the men of imagination proposed to their beloveds in some such frenzied words as these, 'As I can't get Miss Terry, may I have you?'	But even in your highest exultations never forget that they are not four, but five.	There is an officer who was the first of our Army to land at Gallipoli.	The new professor will need to be a sublime philosopher, and for obvious reasons he ought to wear spectacles before his senior class.	Then spirits walk.	Dr. Johnson--let us have him again-- does not seem to have discovered in his travels that the Scots are a light-hearted nation.	This courage is a proof of our immortality, greater even than gardens 'when the eve is cool.'	Boswell took him to task for saying that the death of Garrick had eclipsed the gaiety of nations.	Hoping this letter may be found and sent to you, I write   you a word of farewell.	You ought to have a League of Youth of all countries as your beginning, ready to say to all Governments, 'We will fight each other but only when we are sure of the necessity.'	Do not stand aloof, despising, disbelieving, but come in and help--insist on coming in and helping.	They will not take our word for it that they did not.	.	You have more in common with the Youth of other lands than Youth and Age can ever have with each other; even the hostile countries sent out many a son very like ours, from the same sort of homes, the same sort of universities, who had as little to do as our youth had with the origin of the great adventure.	The scene is a school, schoolmasters present, but if you like you could make it a university, professors present.	That may bring you to the ground.	I urge you not to use ugly names about anyone.	At first they had been enamoured to read of what a scholar their son was, how noble and adored by all.	1.E.7.	It may indeed be monstrous but possibly courageous.	By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.	Look to it that what you are doing is not merely toddling to a competency.	Very soon you will be Victorian or that sort of thing yourselves; next session probably, when the freshmen come up.	We are a nice and kindly people, but it is already evident that we are stealing back into the old grooves, seeking cushions for our old bones, rather than attempting to build up a fairer future.	Perhaps that must be your fate, but fight it and then, though you fail, you may still be among the elect of whom we have spoken.	How courteously tolerant was I of the postman without a proof for us; how M'Connachie, on the other hand, wanted to punch his head.	So Scott and his comrades emerge out of the white immensities always young.	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	'Well, sir,' he said, holing out, 'I understand that Garrick once played in Scotland, and if Scotland has any gaiety to eclipse, which, sir, I deny----' Prove Johnson wrong for once at the Students' Union and in your other societies.	Those were days.	'Happy,' it has been said by a distinguished man, 'is he who can leave college with an unreproaching conscience and an unsullied heart.'	Don't forget to speak scornfully of the Victorian age; there will be time for meekness when you try to better it.	.	Carlyle, the king of all rectors, has always been accepted as the arch-apostle of toil, and has registered his many woes.	I am a Knox man.	But avoid calling us ugly names; we may be stubborn and we may be blunderers, but we love you more than aught else in the world, and once you have won your partnership we shall all be welcoming you.	The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.	Nothing so lowers the moral currency; give it up, and be great.	Still, I have sometimes worked; for instance, I feel that I am working at this moment.	Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.	Other monks came, and they were all strangers to him.	Perhaps it means that you look less like your father.	He had never heard a lark before, and he stood there entranced until the bird and its song had become part of the heavens.	Let us get back to that tent with its songs and cheery conversation.	Section 1.	God's in His Heaven still.	.	YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.	If it necessitates your pushing some of us out of our places, still push; you will find it needs some shoving.	Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	(After aome private instructions too   intimate to read, he goes on): 'Goodbye--I am not at   all afraid of the end, but sad to miss many a simple   pleasure which I had planned for the future in our long   marches.	Yet light-heartedness is not for ever and a day.	But Boswell would not let go.	But we are not here to acclaim them.	I am far from taking a side against the classics.	I sound to myself as if I were advocating a rebellion, though I am really asking for a larger friendship.	1.B.	We have no intention of giving you your share.	I think in his youth he must somehow have guessed the future and been fleggit by it, flichtered from the nest like a bird, and so our eggs were left, cold.	That is what we mean when we say that the country is settling down.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	Make merry while you may.	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.net/license).	He ought now to know a few things about war that are worth our hearing.	Their faces are gnarled, I suppose--but I do not need to describe that pair to Scottish students.	But courage comes all the way:    'Fight on, my men, says Sir Andrew Barton,    I am hurt, but I am not slaine;    I'll lie me down and bleed a-while,    And then I'll rise and fight againe.'