When Tony and his sister arrived they wanted to go straight to the pond, but their ayah said they must take a sharp walk first, and as she said this she glanced at the time-board to see when the Gardens closed that night.	He cannot with dignity retreat, but he stops and looks about him as if lost in admiration of the scenery, and presently he strolls away with a fine indifference and a glint at me from the corner of his eye.	Such was his first voyage to the Gardens, and you may gather from the antiquity of the language that it took place a long time ago.	It made Peter very miserable, and what do you think was the first thing he did?	Crowds of fairies were running this way and that, asking each other stoutly who was afraid; lights were extinguished, doors barricaded, and from the grounds of Queen Mab's palace came the rub-a-dub of drums, showing that the royal guard had been called out.	He was meek and timid, and carried his address inside his hat, and whatever part of London he was in search of he always went to Westminster Abbey first as a starting-point.	Tony entreated her not to do it to-night, and the mother and their coloured nurse threatened her, but Maimie merely smiled her agitating smile.	She was disappointed not to see Peter Pan, and I may as well tell you now why he was so late that night.	Peter became very clever at helping the birds to build their nests; soon he could build better than a wood-pigeon, and nearly as well as a blackbird, though never did he satisfy the finches, and he made nice little water-troughs near the nests and dug up worms for the young ones with his fingers.	'If you squeeze close,' he said eagerly.	She thought the snowflakes falling on her face were her mother kissing her good-night.	They are grateful little people, too, and at the princesses coming-of-age ball (they come of age on their second birthday and have a birthday every month) they gave him the wish of his heart.	Queen Mab, who rules in the Gardens, had been confident that her girls would bewitch him, but alas!	One reason was that he had so many good-byes to say, not only to his particular friends, but to a hundred favourite spots.	Sometimes he looked longingly at his mother, and sometimes he looked longingly at the window.	Then they would have said that this was his second wish.	Her eager eyes asked the question, 'Is it to-day?'	She thought one of the lights was bigger than the others, though she was not quite sure, for they jumped about so, and it might have been another one that was bigger.	The way the fairy servants do is this: The men, scores of them, climb up the trees and shake the branches, and the blossom falls like snow.	Oh, he was merry!	Their blues and reds and greens are like ours with a light behind them.	They are very inquisitive folk, and press quite hard against the glass, and that is why their noses are mostly snubby.	Well, they went up the Baby Walk and back, and when they returned to the time-board she was surprised to see that it now read five o'clock for closing-time.	How can it be finished,' the plumber demanded scornfully, 'before hot and cold are put in,' and he put in hot and cold.	Now Peter knew that unless Solomon was on your side, you never got anything done for you in the island, so he followed him and tried to hearten him.	'Of course,' she said, 'I am rather plain,' and this made Maimie uncomfortable, for indeed the simple little creature was almost quite plain for a fairy.	"_] 'How I should love to see the Cupids in their dear little fools' caps!'	'If I chose to go back to mother,' he asked at last, 'could you give me that wish?'	'I believe no one could teach that to you,' she answered adoringly, but Peter thought she meant that he was stupid.	Sometimes he fell, like a spinning-top, and from sheer merriment.	But as she stretched out her arms imploringly the snow crept up on all sides until it met itself, and where the little house had been was now one unbroken expanse of snow.	He had promised the thrushes to begin by making short voyages, with them as his guides, but far away he saw the Kensington Gardens beckoning to him beneath the bridge, and he could not wait.	Of course, he had never seen a hoop, and he wondered what you play at with them, and decided that you play at pretending they are boats.	Every night the ducks have forgotten all the events of the day, except the number of pieces of cake thrown to them.	Oh!	So he stretched out his hand to pull it to him, but this time it ran at him, and he was so alarmed that he leapt the railing and scudded away to his boat.	Poor Peter uttered a little moan at this, and he cried for the first time for I know not how long.	That is how Peter leaps them.	She stayed a moment behind the others to drop a pleasant dream down the chimney.	Twice he came back from the window, wanting to kiss his mother, but he feared the delight of it might waken her, so at last he played her a lovely kiss on his pipe, and then he flew back to the Gardens.	'In case you should feel cold,' she whispered.	And think of the music of his pipe.	'Yes, of course,' she said, 'I know, everybody knows.'	'What size is a big wish?'	You must not think, however, that he was a coward, for he came back next night with a crust in one hand and a stick in the other, but the perambulator had gone, and he never saw any other one.	And in the end, you know, he flew away.	and then he could always say for certain that it would not be to-day.	What do you think Solomon did?	The saddest part of it was that the poor little chaffinch fluttered about the bushes, looking so reproachfully at us that we knew she thought we had done it; and though David tried to explain to her, it was so long since he had spoken the bird language that I fear she did not understand.	There was something he wanted very much, but, though he knew he wanted it, he could not think what it was.	It was the time of the year when they should have been pairing, but not a thrush's nest was built except this big one, and so Solomon soon ran short of thrushes with which to supply the demand from the mainland.	It was also a serene look that contrasted grandly with Tony's uneasy glances.	Twilight crept over the Gardens, and hundreds of people passed out, including the last one, who always has to run for it, but Maimie saw them not.	how he longed to play as other children play, and of course there is no such lovely place to play in as the Gardens.	I should have had to be carrying David long ago, and resting on every seat like old Mr. Salford.	David tells me that fairies never say, 'We feel happy': what they say is, 'We feel _dancey_.'	Maimie cried, falling on her knees, for the little house was now the size of a reel of thread, but still quite complete.	Everybody stood still, the music ceased, the lights went out, and all in the time you may take to say, 'Oh dear!'	It was because his boat had got wedged on the Serpentine between fields of floating ice, through which he had to break a perilous passage with his trusty paddle.	said Peter to himself, 'if you just knew who is sitting on the rail at the foot of the bed.'	'I dare say,' replied Tony carelessly.	But they should not have talked so loudly, for one day they were overheard by a fairy who had been gathering skeleton leaves, from which the little people weave their summer curtains, and after that Tony was a marked boy.	A wonderful white thing, like a runaway newspaper, floated high over the island and then tumbled, rolling over and over after the manner of a bird that has broken its wing.	'I should like awfully to sail in my boat just once more,' he said wistfully to his sleeping mother.	[Illustration: _A chrysanthemum heard her, and said pointedly, "Hoity-toity, what is this?	She is talking fairy.	This made them sulky, though they had really brought it on themselves, and they drew for Maimie a very gloomy picture of the perils that would face her if she insisted on going to the ball.	It was then that Maimie was terrible.	[Illustration: _Old Mr. Salford was a crab-apple of an old gentleman who wandered all day in the Gardens._] The two last places before you come to our gate are the Dog's Cemetery and the chaffinches nest, but we pretend not to know what the Dog's Cemetery is, as Porthos is always with us.	We are on the way home now, though of course, it is all pretence that we can go to so many of the places in one day.	Now, strange to tell, the same idea had come at exactly the same time into Maimie's head.	'I think I shall go back to mother,' he said timidly.	He was very glad she was such a pretty mother.	Now, except by flying, no one can reach the island in the Serpentine, for the boats of humans are forbidden to land there, and there are stakes round it, standing up in the water, on each of which a bird-sentinel sits by day and night.	II PETER PAN If you ask your mother whether she knew about Peter Pan when she was a little girl, she will say, 'Why, of course I did, child'; and if you ask her whether he rode on a goat in those days, she will say, 'What a foolish question to ask; certainly he did.'	Peter now gave him a pound.	If you are a child of the Gardens you must know the chestnut-tree near the bridge, which comes out in flower first of all the chestnuts, but perhaps you have not heard why this tree leads the way.	How the thrushes applauded!	It is quite white, and the way we found it was wonderful.	You must live here on the island always.'	They are called Paths that have Made Themselves, and David did wish he could see them doing it.	It had a wooden sound and seemed to come from above, and she looked up in time to see an elm-tree stretching out its arms and yawning.	Well, Peter Pan got out by the window, which had no bars.