If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.	Sighing of solitude     Winds from the cold heights Haunted its yellowing stone;     At noon its shadow     Stretched athwart cedars Whence every bird was flown.	About his head a hundred rings Of gold loop down to meet his wings, Whose feathers arched their stillness through Gleam with slow-gathering drops of dew.	NOD Softly along the road of evening,   In a twilight dim with rose, Wrinkled with age, and drenched with dew   Old Nod, the shepherd, goes.	The hundreds of letters from readers and poets suggesting additions or corrections as well as the columns of reviews of the first edition have been considered.	Once she was young, Would dance and play, Like many another Young popinjay; And run to her mother At dusk of day.	If I have grieved thee--if Thy kindness, mine before, No hope may now restore: Only forgive, forgive!	THE LISTENERS 'Is there anybody there?'	If still resentment burns In thy cold breast, oh if No more to pity turns, No more, once tender, yearns Thy love; oh yet forgive!...	1.F.3.	A vital compelling work.	Nay, but they loved me not; and I   Must needs a stranger be, Whose every exiled day gone by   Aches with their memory.	'Lift up your eyes, you lonely Wanderer,'   She peeped from her casement small; 'Here's shelter and quiet to give you rest, young man,   And apples for thirst withal.'	1.B.	The little Nubian boys who fan   Her cheeks and tresses clear, Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful voices   Seem afar to hear.	THE MOUNTAINS Still, and blanched, and cold, and lone, The icy hills far off from me With frosty ulys overgrown Stand in their sculptured secrecy.	He thinks of his old Bettie,   How she'd shake her head and say, 'You'll live to wish my sharp old tongue   Could scold--some day,' But as in pale high autumn skies   The swallows float and play, His restless thoughts pass to and fro,   But nowhere stay.	And colours bright She delighted in; The fiddle to hear, And to lift her chin, And sing as small As a twittering wren.	And yet, be far the hour Whose haven calls me home; Long be the arduous day   Till evening come; What sureness now remains But that through livelong strife Only the loser gains   An end to life?	'Night who walks plumèd through the fields   Of stars that strangely stir-- Smitten to fire by the sandals of him   Who walks with her.'	See paragraph 1.C below.	THE MOUNTAINS Still, and blanched, and cold, and lone, The icy hills far off from me With frosty ulys overgrown Stand in their sculptured secrecy.	And one night's rest shall be a myriad,   Midst dreams that come and go; Till heedless fate, unmoved by weakness, bring him   This same strange by-way through: To the beauty of earth that fades in ashes,   The lips of welcome, and the eyes More beauteous than the feeble shine of Hesper   Lone in the lightening skies: Till once again the Witch's guile entreat him;   But, worn with wisdom, he Steadfast and cold shall choose the dark night's   Inhospitality.	The cord brake, yes, the cord brake, Just where the dead did lie, And Charms and Spells and Sorceries Spilled out beneath the sky.	1.F.4.	Windswept are his high corridors; His pleasance the sea-mantled shores; For sentinel a shadow stands With hair in heaven, and cloudy hands; And round his bed, king's guards to be, Watch pines in iron solemnity.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.	Oh, sorrow now to know What shafts, what keenness cold His are to pierce me through,   Now that I'm old.	Her lovely hands lie narrow and pale   With gilded nails, her head Couched in its banded nets of gold   Lies pillowed on her bed.	You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.	It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.	The transient strangeness of the earth Their spirits no more see: Within a silent gloom withdrawn, They slumber in secrecy.	Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:      http://www.gutenberg.org This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.	Thou mock'd'st at land Who now art come To such a small And shallow home; Yet bore the sea Full many a care For bones that once A sailor's were.	See paragraph 1.E below.	YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.	If I have grieved thee--if Thy kindness, mine before, No hope may now restore: Only forgive, forgive!	THE SCARECROW All winter through I bow my head   Beneath the driving rain; The North wind powders me with snow   And blows me black again; At midnight 'neath a maze of stars   I flame with glittering rime, And stand, above the stubble, stiff   As mail at morning-prime.	ALL THAT'S PAST Very old are the woods;   And the buds that break Out of the briar's boughs,   When March winds wake, So old with their beauty are--   Oh, no man knows Through what wild centuries   Roves back the rose.	You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.	The throbbing chords of violin and lute, The lustre of lean tapers in dark eyes, Fair colours, beauteous flowers, dainty fruit       Made earth seem Paradise To them that dwelt within this lonely house: Like children of the gods in lasting peace, They ate, sang, danced, as if each day's carouse       Need never pause, nor cease.	We who love it feel that it      will live."	Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.	All the night's dews,       All the world's leaves,       All winter's snow Seem with their quiet to have stilled in life's dream       All sorrowing now.	No flower of the light can find   Refuge 'neath its trees; Only the darkening ivy climbs   Mingled with wilding rose, And cypress, morn and evening, time's   Black shadow throws.	'I may not shelter 'neath your roof, lady,   Nor in this wood's green shadow seek repose, Nor will your apples quench the thirst   A homesick wanderer knows.'	But ever as I gaze,   From slumber soft doth come Some touch my stagnant sense to raise   To its old earthly home; Fades then that sky serene;   And peak of ageless snow; Fades to a paling dawn-lit green,   My dark château.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	No path of theirs the chamois fleet Treads, with a nostril to the wind; O'er their ice-marbled glaciers beat No wings of eagles in my mind-- Yea, in my mind these mountains rise, Their perils dyed with evening's rose; And still my ghost sits at my eyes And thirsts for their untroubled snows.	Eyes of all loveliness--   Shadow of strange delight, Even as a flower fades   Must thou from sight; But oh, o'er thy grave's mound,   Till come the Judgment Day, Wreathed shall with incense be   Thy sharp-thorned may.	Yet what frail thin-spun flowers She casts into the air, To breathe the sunshine, and To leave her fragrance there.	Even 'mid the rumour of a moving host,   Blackening the clear green earth,   Vainly 'gainst that thin wall     The trumpets call,     Or with loud hum   The smoke-bemuffled drum: From that high quietness no reply comes forth.	You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org 1.E.2.	If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.	Rave how thou wilt; unmoved, remote, That inward presence slumbers not, Frets out each secret from thy breast, Gives thee no rally, pause, nor rest, Scans close thy very thoughts, lest they Should sap his patient power away, Answers thy wrath with peace, thy cry With tenderest taciturnity.	'"Homesick," forsooth!'	Would that I could press in!--   Into each secret room; Would that my sleep-bright eyes could win   To the inner gloom; Gaze from its high windows,   Far down its mouldering walls, Where amber-clear still Lethe flows,   And foaming falls.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	And there was the Witch, in no wise heeding;   Her arbour, and fruit-filled dish, Her pitcher of well-water, and clear damask--   All that the weary wish.	WINTER   Clouded with snow   The cold winds blow, And shrill on leafless bough The robin with its burning breast   Alone sings now.	.	'THE HAWTHORN HATH A DEATHLY SMELL' The flowers of the field   Have a sweet smell; Meadowsweet, tansy, thyme,   And faint-heart pimpernel; But sweeter even than these,   The silver of the may Wreathed is with incense for   The Judgment Day.	Its tides may labour; All the world Shake 'neath that weight Of waters hurled: But its whole shock Can only stir Thy dust to a quiet Even quieter.	They heaped the bright fire higher; poured dark wine; And in long revelry dazed the questioning eye; Curtained three-fold the heart-dismaying shine       Of midnight streaming by.	Grey-capped and muttering, mad is he-- The childless King of Never-to-be; For all his people in the deep Keep everlasting fast asleep; And all his realm is foam and rain, Whispering of what comes not again.	She darkens against the darkness; and her face Only by adding thought to thought I trace, Limned shadowily: O dream, return once more To gloomy Hades and the whispering shore!	So, when with fickle heart I joyed in the passing day, A presence my mood estranged   Went grieved away.	His was a long lean sallow face,   He sat with half-shut eyes, Like an old sailor in a ship   Becalmed 'neath tropic skies.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.	Very old are we men;   Our dreams are tales Told in dim Eden   By Eve's nightingales; We wake and whisper awhile,   But, the day gone by, Silence and sleep like fields   Of amaranth lie.	The transient strangeness of the earth Their spirits no more see: Within a silent gloom withdrawn, They slumber in secrecy.	THERE BLOOMS NO BUD IN MAY There blooms no bud in May Can for its white compare With snow at break of day, On fields forlorn and bare.	Sweet sounds, begone-- Ask not my heart to break Its bond of bravery for Sweet quiet's sake; Lure not my feet To leave the path they must Tread on, unfaltering, Till I sleep in dust.	The little Nubian boys who fan   Her cheeks and tresses clear, Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful voices   Seem afar to hear.	THE TIRED CUPID The thin moonlight with trickling ray, Thridding the boughs of silver may, Trembles in beauty, pale and cool, On folded flower, and mantled pool.	She'd sit with her two slim hands   Clasped round her bended knees; While we on our elbows lolled,   And stared at ease.	Night 'mid her flowers of glamourie spilled   Draws swiftly near: 'Night with her darkened caravans,   Piled deep with silver and myrrh, Draws from the portals of the East,   O Wanderer near!	Sometimes he stays, and o'er his thread Leans sidelong his old tousled head; Or stoops to peer with half-shut eye When some strange footfall echoes by; Till clearer gleams his candle's spark Into the dusty summer dark.	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.	So he, beguiled with earth, Yet with its vain things vexed, Keep even to his own heart unknown Your memory unperplexed.	WINTER DUSK Dark frost was in the air without, The dusk was still with cold and gloom, When less than even a shadow came   And stood within the room.	Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.