“You think I’m merely a physical woman, don’t you?” “No indeed,” said Hermione.	We saw Gudrun too.” “I came to look at the pond,” said Ursula, “and I found Mr Birkin there.” “Did you?	They were such strangers—and yet they were so frightfully, unthinkably near.	Gerald was held unconsciously by the other man.	One of them must triumph over the other.	She was aware that it was a pleasant room, full of light and very restful in its form—aware also of a fuchsia tree, with dangling scarlet and purple flowers.	She did not take any notice of the wavering, indistinct, lambent Birkin, who stood at his side.	“Yes, I don’t know why, but they are,” he replied.	To drink him down—ah, like a life-draught.	Her appearance was simple and complete, really beautiful, because of her regularity and form, her soft dark hair falling full and level on either side of her head, her straight, small, softened features, Egyptian in the slight fulness of their curves, her slender neck and the simple, rich-coloured smock hanging on her slender shoulders.	“Are you _sure_ you were quite comfortable?” she said, pressing the pillow.	Then suddenly her fore feet struck out, as she convulsed herself utterly away from the horror.	Her hair, which was short and must be flaxen, fell forward, divided, half covering her hands.	The two girls stood in the road and laughed till the tears ran down their faces, as they caught sight again of the shy, unworldly couple of their parents going on ahead.	There was something of the stupidity and the unenlightened self-esteem of a horse in it.	It was true.	Something in Gudrun seemed to accord with him.	Hermione seemed to be bearing down on her, awful and inchoate, making some appeal.	She had been very much moved by Hermione, she had really come into contact with her, so that there was a sort of league between the two women.	“I’m not afraid of other things.	Why not?	But this also was lost; he only wanted her, with an extreme desire that seemed inevitable as death, beyond question.	She watched his eyes linger a moment on Halliday, on Halliday’s party.	She turned in such a way, and said—‘I suppose you think I’m afraid of you and your cattle, don’t you?’ So I asked her ‘why,’ and for answer she flung me a back-hander across the face.” Birkin laughed quickly, as if it pleased him.	Suddenly he had conceived the pure instrumentality of mankind.	He shook his head slightly.	He was happy in the wet hillside, that was overgrown and obscure with bushes and flowers.	“The three witches from Macbeth,” suggested Fräulein usefully.	What do you mean by your ‘you knew’?” He was in one of his stupid rages, she instantly closed against him.	His brain was hurt, seared, the tissue was as if destroyed.	Her arms were round his neck, he kissed her and held her perfectly suspended, she was all slack and flowing into him, and he was the firm, strong cup that receives the wine of her life.	“One should just live anywhere—not have a definite place.	Yes, that is there to enjoy as well.	Instinctively, she withheld her attention, and was happy.	“But don’t you think you’ll _want_ the old connection with the world—father and the rest of us, and all that it means, England and the world of thought—don’t you think you’ll _need_ that, really to make a world?” Ursula was silent, trying to imagine.	She knew it, and it was fatal.	“Now,” he said, “I’ll try it and you can watch what happens.	She moved, she became self-conscious.	How beautifully you do it!	“Yes,” said Ursula.	“I know what that means, thank you.	I’d sell my soul a hundred times—but I couldn’t bear not to have you here.	“Take the launch in.	A certain violent sympathy, however, came up in her for this mud-child.	Aha, it is all old hat, it is all old bowler hat!	You seem to be clutching at the void—and at the same time you are void yourself.	I hope I shall look my years, when I am dead.	“She will superintend the furnishing for you.” “Probably.	It was at these times that the intimacy between the two sisters was most complete, as if their intelligence were one.	_Then_ we shall see the hammer used only for smashing, then we shall see it.	At this stage, silence was best—or mere light words.	“But why did you come to me?” she persisted.	Soon they were in the train again and moving on.	She shrank a little, as if she were exposed to his eyes, and as if it were a pain to her.	It was unbelievable that one could live there uncrushed by all this terrible waste of whiteness and silence and clear, upper, ringing cold.	One should never have a _home_.” “I agree really,” said Gerald.	He heard the Pussum’s voice saying: “Go and get it back from her.	“I don’t know a bit what is going to happen,” she said.	There’s nothing left, if you understand what I mean.	The afternoon was fine and dim.	Yet she must be among them.	But it was half men she could deal with.	“You can only have knowledge, strictly,” he replied, “of things concluded, in the past.	They sat down in the window-seat, to wait.	Down the railway ran the trains, short trains of heavily laden trucks, long trains of empty wagons, each one bearing in big white letters the initials: “C.	Thank God he could see nothing.	“What is it, then?” he asked.	It seemed to snap like pistol shots.	“And I’m sure our master will; so I _hope_ he’ll find himself comfortable.” Hermione turned and looked at her slowly.	How utterly he knew Joshua Mattheson, who was talking in his harsh, yet rather mincing voice, endlessly, endlessly, always with a strong mentality working, always interesting, and yet always known, everything he said known beforehand, however novel it was, and clever.	A dirty materialist as she is.	“I thought you were such dead nuts on marriage.” Birkin lifted his shoulders.	“We’ve been—you can imagine how it’s been, since the accident.” “Yes.	“And you resent it?” Birkin asked.	The Criches never stayed long at home.	“Yes,” she said vaguely, in a doubting, absent voice.	Her face was now one dazzle of released, golden light, as she looked up at him, and laid her hands full on his thighs, behind, as he stood before her.	She felt she must jump into the water too, to know the horror also.	I should feel the air move against me, and feel the things I touched, instead of having only to look at them.	“I’ve been neglecting my business all this while,” he said smiling.	“I know these beggars of old,” he said.	She stood shaken as a house in a storm, and utterly overcome.	I’m in love with you.” His mind was gone, he grasped for sufficient mechanical control, to save himself.