Sergesthus, who began the Sergian race,       In the great Centaur took the leading place;       Cloanthus on the sea-green Scylla stood,       From whom Cluentius draws his Trojan blood.	These in my name are listed; and my son       As many more has added in his own.”       Scarce had he said; Achates and his guest,       With downcast eyes, their silent grief express’d;       Who, short of succours, and in deep despair,       Shook at the dismal prospect of the war.	But now the queen, who fear'd for Turnus' life,   And loath'd the hard conditions of the strife,   Held him by force; and, dying in his death,   In these sad accents gave her sorrow breath:   "O Turnus, I adjure thee by these tears,   And whate'er price Amata's honor bears   Within thy breast, since thou art all my hope,   My sickly mind's repose, my sinking age's prop;   Since on the safety of thy life alone   Depends Latinus, and the Latian throne:   Refuse me not this one, this only pray'r,   To waive the combat, and pursue the war.	From the forbidden space his men retir'd.	why thus in arms?	If by a mortal hand my father’s throne       Could be defended, ’twas by mine alone.	You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.	Apart from these, the happy souls he draws,       And Cato’s holy ghost dispensing laws.	The gold dissembled well their yellow hair,   And golden chains on their white necks they wear.	Near this, the traitor Metius, stretch'd between   Four fiery steeds, is dragg'd along the green,   By Tullus' doom: the brambles drink his blood,   And his torn limbs are left the vulture's food.	Soon as the royal youth appear’d in view,       He sent his voice before him as he flew:       “What madness moves you, matrons, to destroy       The last remainders of unhappy Troy!	Thus all, rewarded by the hero’s hands,       Their conqu’ring temples bound with purple bands;       And now Sergesthus, clearing from the rock,       Brought back his galley shatter’d with the shock.	By Pyrrhus’ death the kingdom we regain’d:       At least one half with Helenus remain’d.	This lucky moment the sly traitor chose:   Then, starting from his ambush, up he rose,   And threw, but first to Heav'n address'd his vows:   "O patron of Socrates' high abodes,   Phoebus, the ruling pow'r among the gods,   Whom first we serve, whole woods of unctuous pine   Are fell'd for thee, and to thy glory shine;   By thee protected with our naked soles,   Thro' flames unsing'd we march, and tread the kindled coals   Give me, propitious pow'r, to wash away   The stains of this dishonorable day:   Nor spoils, nor triumph, from the fact I claim,   But with my future actions trust my fame.	Hail, holy relics!	Entellus wastes his forces on the wind,   And, thus deluded of the stroke design'd,   Headlong and heavy fell; his ample breast   And weighty limbs his ancient mother press'd.	Soon thro’ the joyful camp a rumour flew,       The time was come their city to renew.	gird my sword, tho’ spent and overcome:       ’Tis the last summons to receive our doom.	Down sinks the giant with a thund’ring sound:       His pond’rous limbs oppress the trembling ground;       Blood, brains, and foam gush from the gaping wound:       Scalp, face, and shoulders the keen steel divides,       And the shar’d visage hangs on equal sides.	Auspicious chief!	She harbours in her heart a furious hate,       And thou shalt find the dire effects too late;       Fix’d on revenge, and obstinate to die.	Such time, such toil, requir’d the Roman name,       Such length of labour for so vast a frame.	If any pity touch Rutulian hearts,       Here empty all your quivers, all your darts;       Or, if they fail, thou, Jove, conclude my woe,       And send me thunderstruck to shades below!”       Her shrieks and clamours pierce the Trojans’ ears,       Unman their courage, and augment their fears;       Nor young Ascanius could the sight sustain,       Nor old Ilioneus his tears restrain,       But Actor and Idaeus jointly sent,       To bear the madding mother to her tent.	The last in order, but the first in place,   First in the lovely features of his face,   Rode fair Ascanius on a fiery steed,   Queen Dido's gift, and of the Tyrian breed.	White were the fetlocks of his feet before,       And on his front a snowy star he bore.	Appears, no more Creusa, nor my wife,       But a pale spectre, larger than the life.	Conscious of worth, requite its own desert!	Now celebrate with us this solemn day,   Whose holy rites admit no long delay.	“Evoe!	From Capys’ arms his fate Privernus found:       Hurt by Themilla first—but slight the wound—       His shield thrown by, to mitigate the smart,       He clapp’d his hand upon the wounded part:       The second shaft came swift and unespied,       And pierc’d his hand, and nail’d it to his side,       Transfix’d his breathing lungs and beating heart:       The soul came issuing out, and hiss’d against the dart.	The Trojan hero, who receiv'd from fame   The welcome sound, and heard the champion's name,   Soon leaves the taken works and mounted walls,   Greedy of war where greater glory calls.	The mov’d assistants melt in tears.	They set their former work aside,   And their new toils with eager haste divide.	But, first, before the throne of Jove he stood,   And thus with lifted hands invok'd the god:   "My first attempt, great Jupiter, succeed!	Then Clytius fell beneath his fatal spear,       And Creteus, whom the Muses held so dear:       He fought with courage, and he sung the fight;       Arms were his bus’ness, verses his delight.	Sharp with desire, and furious with disdain;       Surveys each passage with a piercing sight,       To force his foes in equal field to fight.	'T was giv'n to you, your darling son to shroud,   To draw the dastard from the fighting crowd,   And, for a man, obtend an empty cloud.	You saw the storm she rais’d on Libyan floods,       That mix’d the mounting billows with the clouds;       When, bribing Aeolus, she shook the main,       And mov’d rebellion in your wat’ry reign.	Fair majesty, the refuge and redress       Of those whom fate pursues, and wants oppress,       You, who your pious offices employ       To save the relics of abandon’d Troy;       Receive the shipwreck’d on your friendly shore,       With hospitable rites relieve the poor;       Associate in your town a wand’ring train,       And strangers in your palace entertain:       What thanks can wretched fugitives return,       Who, scatter’d thro’ the world, in exile mourn?	For this, alas!	Impell’d behind,       The ship flew forward, and outstripp’d the wind.	Yet, if with fates averse, without thy leave,   The Latian lands my progeny receive,   Bear they the pains of violated law,   And thy protection from their aid withdraw.	With hands on high, Entellus threats the foe;       But Dares watch’d the motion from below,       And slipp’d aside, and shunn’d the long descending blow.	But thou, whose years are more to mine allied-   No fate my vow'd affection shall divide   From thee, heroic youth!	Next Aventinus drives his chariot round   The Latian plains, with palms and laurels crown'd.	Resolv'd to sail, in sleep he pass'd the night;   And order'd all things for his early flight.	If Jove and Heav’n my just desires deny,       Hell shall the pow’r of Heav’n and Jove supply.	But furious Dido, with dark thoughts involv’d,       Shook at the mighty mischief she resolv’d.	Ye fatal fillets, that once bound this head!	O fatal maid, thy marriage is endow’d       With Phrygian, Latian, and Rutulian blood!	How high he held his shield, and rose at ev'ry blow!	Her sister thus replies:   "O dearer than the vital air I breathe,   Will you to grief your blooming years bequeath,   Condemn'd to waste in woes your lonely life,   Without the joys of mother or of wife?	They bend their bows; they whirl their slings around;       Heaps of spent arrows fall, and strew the ground;       And helms, and shields, and rattling arms resound.	Cast from our course, we wander in the dark.	Himself he saw amidst the Grecian train,       Mix’d in the bloody battle on the plain;       And swarthy Memnon in his arms he knew,       His pompous ensigns, and his Indian crew.	What fun’ral pomp shall floating Tiber see,       When, rising from his bed, he views the sad solemnity!	The face of heav'n their flying jav'lins hide,   And deaths unseen are dealt on either side.	Behold the Fates’ infernal minister!	at once restor’d,       With praises, to thy sire, at once deplor’d!	Then, what they hear, is witness'd by their eyes:   A storm of sparkles and of flames arise.	The goddess, proud of her successful wiles,       And conscious of her form, in secret smiles.	Not far from thence new Rome appears, with games   Projected for the rape of Sabine dames.	There shall you know what realms the gods assign,   And learn the fates and fortunes of your line.	Look if your helpless father yet survive,       Or if Ascanius or Creusa live.	Here hung the vests, and tablets were ingrav'd,   Of sinking mariners from shipwrack sav'd.	Green wreaths of bays his length of hair inclose;   A golden fillet binds his awful brows;   His quiver sounds: not less the prince is seen   In manly presence, or in lofty mien.	Can I, without so dear a father, live?	Rutulians, Trojans, are the same to me;   And both shall draw the lots their fates decree.	Then haughty Dares in the lists appears;   Stalking he strides, his head erected bears:   His nervous arms the weighty gauntlet wield,   And loud applauses echo thro' the field.	Without the gate,       They see the boys and Latian youth debate       The martial prizes on the dusty plain:       Some drive the cars, and some the coursers rein;       Some bend the stubborn bow for victory,       And some with darts their active sinews try.	Some god, they knew- what god, they could not tell-   Did there amidst the sacred horror dwell.	'T is thine to ruin realms, o'erturn a state,   Betwixt the dearest friends to raise debate,   And kindle kindred blood to mutual hate.	"O, void of sense and courage!"	A welcome guest, and, what you wish, a friend."	Then oaks for oars they fell'd; or, as they stood,   Of its green arms despoil'd the growing wood,   Studious of flight.	Who can omit the Gracchi?	From either host, the mingled shouts and cries       Of Trojans and Rutulians rend the skies.	In arms they plow’d, to battle still prepar’d:       Their soil was barren, and their hearts were hard.	These gifts the greedy flames to dust devour;       Then on the living coals red wine they pour;       And, last, the relics by themselves dispose,       Which in a brazen urn the priests inclose.	Your instant arms against the town prepare,   The source of mischief, and the seat of war.	Meantime the Queen of Heav'n beheld the sight,   With eyes unpleas'd, from Mount Albano's height   (Since call'd Albano by succeeding fame,   But then an empty hill, without a name).	Young Pallas shone conspicuous o'er the rest;   Gilded his arms, embroider'd was his vest.	from whence       Art thou so late return’d for our defence?