The fear of my wrath startled him.	He resumed his smoking, and we all three lapsed into silence.	There is a little child too."	One very amorous epistle had been written on the self-same evening she had plighted her troth to me!	He would have days of unwearying contentment, rendered beautiful by the free fresh air and the fragrance of flowers--his evenings would slip softly by to the tinkle of the mandolin, and the sound of his wife and children's singing.	and was it not part of my vengeance?	"Happy?	Low murmurs of astonishment and admiration broke from all the gentlemen as they viewed the sumptuous scene before them.	What a different fate was his to mine, I thought.	I pushed away the rest of my meal untasted.	"You would see the Countess Romani, who is in retreat here?"	And why not?	A great dread had seized her--the dread that I had found out her treachery.	'Go!	I shall be pleased to act with D'Avencourt for the count, if he will permit me."	Fabio?"	This latter, entering with her quiet step and inflexible demeanor, took in the situation at a glance, dismissed the lay-sister, and possessing herself of the tumbler of water, sprinkled the forehead of the interesting patient, and forced some drops between her clinched teeth.	"What--what do you mean?"	I started, but quickly controlled myself.	"Was I?"	Therefore, informing all whom it concerned that I acted under the countess's orders, I chose a pretty spot in the open ground of the cemetery, close to the tree where I had heard the nightingale singing in my hour of supreme misery and suffering.	mingled with various complimentary assurances reached my ears from all sides of the table.	"You are my papa, are you not?"	"Some of them--yes.	For a moment I leaned my head on my hand, affecting to be overcome by the suddenness of the news.	I turned to my servant, and with a benignant air addressed him: "Your face is not familiar to me, my friend," I said.	what had I done to merit such foul deception as that which I was now called upon to avenge?	For, disburdened of my smoke-colored glasses, I appeared what I was, young and vigorous in spite of my white beard and hair.	"Has she not seen her child?"	Wine is the monarch of laughter and light,    Death himself shall be merry to-night!	Oh, yes!	Chacun a son gout!	"Fools!	"She looks as frail as a lily, but she is hardy as a sea-gull, and no one loves the wild waves more than she.	Was there something in a life of luxury that sapped virtue at its root?	"I really do not know," he answered, indifferently, "I have only just bought it.	Ah, Dio if there are so many sorrows in life; there is love," he enumerated rapidly on his fingers--"there is revenge--there are quarrels--there is loss of money; any of these will drive a man from place to place at all hours and in all weathers.	I put them on--and then stood up thoroughly equipped and ready to make my way back to my own home when I chose.	A silence ensued, then the bolts and bars of the huge gate were undone slowly--it opened, and I was admitted.	Perhaps fidelity was not the fashion now among educated persons?	She caught her breath hard and looked at me sharply, with an alarmed expression.	He says he will never make love to a woman unless she first makes love to him; what do you think of that?"	And see, you have given me such lovely jewels, so many of them too, that I scarcely dare offer you such a trifle as this; but as it really belonged to Fabio, and to Fabio's father, whom you knew, I think you ought to have it.	"Listen!"	I recalled my name to him; his face cleared and he smiled.	"I shall not think of starting any more gayeties till you return."	Yes, but not forever!	I forced a laugh.	I wondered with a half shudder--would my end be like his?	A low ripple of laughter was her response.	You are ill!	I said.	"Look you, Nina," he said, hoarsely, "you shall not fool me, by Heaven!	He had said and done nothing to deter me from my settled plans.	"I regret beyond measure that it is my misfortune to have hands like those of your late husband!	Had the shock and grief of my so unexpected death turned her delicate brain?	"She died when I was but a child," I answered, briefly.	Thus far I confide in you.	While these thoughts flitted rapidly through my brain, the old ragpicker stood near me with his head on one side like a meditative raven, and regarded me intently.	he replied, earnestly, "and I feel that I can thoroughly depend upon you.	All eyes were turned inquiringly upon me.	Fill your glasses, amici--spare not the flask--there are twenty more below stairs!"	I waited till I had seen the last glimpse of his retreating figure, and then I left the window satisfied with my day's work.	"Your submission to my will, mia bella" I said, coldly, "is altogether charming, and flatters me much, but I am not your master--not yet!	I never forgot his kindness--my memory is extraordinarily tenacious of both benefits and injuries--and I have always desired to repay it in some suitable manner.	I glanced at her quietly.	But we had our suspicions that he had left Gaeta, where he was for a time in hiding.	I for one think he was very reasonable--all except that matter of the shawl--he should have taken that off his bed first.	"Poor dear old To-to!	We had by this time reached the door of the chapel, through which the sound of the pealing organ poured forth in triumphal surges of melody.	I paid no heed to his rambling talk, but read the message Nina had sent to me through him.	Yet what embodied curses were pent up in there in the shape of girls growing to be women; women for whom all the care, stern training and anxious solicitude of the nuns would be unavailing; women who would come forth from even that abode of sanctity with vile natures and animal impulses, and who would hereafter, while leading a life of vice and hypocrisy, hold up this very strictness of their early education as proof of their unimpeachable innocence and virtue!	About six o'clock I sent my carriage down to the railway station to meet Ferrari as I had arranged; and then, at my landlord's invitation, I went to survey the stage that was prepared for one important scene of my drama--to see if the scenery, side-lights, and general effects were all in working order.	The touch of the soft, uncertain little fingers almost unmanned me.	I suppose he wishes to keep me for himself--a most impertinent and foolish notion!	"You expect other visitors?"	But to me--I am so strangely constituted--dishonor is a bitterer evil than death.	Having spoken thus, I was silent--gazing at her intently.	Not a soul was in sight.	I casually mentioned to the landlord that I desired to purchase a carriage and horses--that I needed a first-class valet, and a few other trifles of the like sort, and added that I relied on his good advice and recommendation as to the places where I should best obtain all that I sought.	he answered, resignedly--"very little else.	And I laid my hand on the animal's neck with a commanding pressure; he lay down at once, only now and then raising his large wistful brown eyes to my face as though he wondered what had changed it so greatly.	asked the marquis.