"Why do you say that?"	"That is kind of you!"	What, after all, could this Phantom--if Phantom it were--do to work me harm?	When he had read Mr. Harland's note, he said he was glad to find it was from an old college companion, and that he would come over with me to renew the acquaintance.	Good-night!"	"Science, like everything else, has its borderland," I said--"from which the brain can easily slip off into chaos.	"Conventional!	Come, come!--you ought to know me!"	"Well, Catherine, then,"--I said, smiling a little--"Surely you know why I am contented and happy?"	"What whole thing?"	With an effort, I raised my head, and saw nothing at first--then, by degrees, I became aware that a Shadow, dark and impenetrable, stood between me and the open window.	There was no one else there for the moment but himself, and as I came towards him he took my hands in his own and raised them to his lips.	The result of my own wishes seemed now so terrifying to me that I could not have uttered a word had I tried, I followed my escort in absolute silence;--once in my nervous agitation I slipped on the stone staircase and nearly fell,--he at once caught me by the hand and supported me, and the kindness and gentle strength of his touch renewed my courage.	But now--leave me to pray!"	If the effort fails, it is only because the Will has hesitated.	The same you had yesterday afternoon."	"Why, how pale you are!"	For the moment I felt almost angry.	"If I lose you now, having known and loved you," he went on--"I lose my art.	"Oh, man of 'business'!	Everything on board expressed the finest taste as well as the most perfect convenience, and I saw Mr. Plarland gazing about him in utter amazement at the elegant sumptuousness of his surroundings.	One thing, however, I'm determined to do--and that is--" Here she stopped, looking at me curiously.	he said, in a grave, musical voice that was peculiarly his own--'You seem afraid of me.	--he said.	she continued.	How dare I say that I scarcely knew one who had been known to me for ages?	--and Brayle looked up sharply with sudden interest.	"Thank you!"	"I didn't know--I could not imagine--" I faltered, and turning away I met Dr. Brayle's eyes fixed upon me with a gleam of malice in them.	"He said that it was all the work of Santoris, who was an evident professor of psychical imposture--" I sprang up.	You must choose--and the choice must be voluntary and deliberate,--for no man becomes aged and effete without his own intention and inclination to that end,--and equally, no man retains or renews his youth without a similar intention and inclination.	"Indeed, I have set my heart on going to Loch Coruisk"--I answered, lightly--"And I cannot let you off your promise to take me there!	Still I could not speak.	"Yes--like the woman here--little fool!"	He paused, and lifting his eyes from the contemplation of the water, regarded me fixedly.	I could not even speak; and while the others were clapping their hands in delighted applause at the beauty of both voice and song, I sat silent.	There, about half a mile to our rear, floated a schooner of exquisite proportions and fairy-like grace, outlined from stem to stern by delicate borderings of electric light as though decorated for some great festival, and making quite a glittering spectacle in the darkness of the deepening night.	On--on I went,--a desperate idea possessing me to go as far as I could into that strange starry centre of living luminance--the very boldness of the thought appalled me even while I encouraged it--but step by step I went on resolutely till I suddenly felt myself caught as it were in a wheel of fire!	I busied myself during the day in packing my things ready for departure with the eagerness of a child leaving school for the holidays, and I was delighted when we arrived at Portree and anchored there that evening.	It's awful!	That it was a sunny day seemed right and natural--clouds and rain could hardly have penetrated the brilliant atmosphere in which I lived and moved.	"It may be thousands of years before such a meeting is consummated,"--he continued--"For thousands of years are but hours in the eternal countings.	"There's nothing remarkable in that, is there?"	It is against our rule and Order.	"See if you can feel my 'neurotic' pulse!"	"There he is!"	she answered, and her voice, plaintive and sweet, thrilled on the silence like a sob of pain--"Why wilt thou rush on destruction for so poor a thing as I am?	"All women are fools!"	"Ah!	I suppose I stared--for he went on--'I mean Life that goes forward,--not Life that goes backward, picking up the stale crumbs fallen from centuries that have finished their banquet and passed on.	You are a mere instrument on which he can play any tune."	Have you seen her?"	I therefore shut myself within a fortress of reserve, and declined to discuss any point of either religion or science with those for whom the one was a farce and the other mere materialism.	I was silent, not because I could not but because I dared not speak.	Where is Love?"	The captain at once took the hint.	While my thoughts puzzled over this question he averted his gaze from mine and went on speaking to Catherine.	"There I agree with you,"--I said--"But one has to go by them sometimes.	I watched one giant wave rise in a crystalline glitter of dark sapphire and curl over the spot where all that human life and human love had disappeared,--and then--there came upon my soul a sudden sense of intense calm.	"We shall make for Portree at once.	said Mr. Harland, quickly, and with emphasis--"That's quite true!	Unfortunately, the proper care is seldom given."	Dear Miss Harland, do you really believe in that way of administering electricity?"	How to unite myself with Nature so thoroughly as to insinuate myself into her secrets,--possess all she could offer me,--and yet detach myself from Self so completely as to be ready to sacrifice all I had gained at a moment's notice should that moment come."	For life is to me a bitter thing--a hideous and inexplicable torment!	We were soon seated at table--a table richly, yet daintily, appointed, and adorned with the costliest flowers and fruits.	I have never seen him again--and never heard of him--and so I suppose his studies led him nowhere.	I can see you facing lions in the Roman arena,"--as he thus spoke I started, and the warm blood rushed to my cheeks--"rather than not carry out your own fixed resolve, whether such resolve was right or wrong!	My business was and IS Life!--the one thing that humanity never studies, and therefore fails to master."	"We didn't really kill you--except--in a dream!"	I listened--hardly drawing breath--there was not a sound.	"Reasonable care of one's self is UNselfishness," replied Santoris--"But anything in excess of reasonable care is pure vice.	--replied Aselzion--"I leave jesting to the fools who prate of life without comprehending its first beginnings.	The harmonies that suggest themselves to the musician here to-day may have fallen from Sirius or Jupiter, striking on his earthly brain with a spiritual sweetness from worlds unknown,--the poet writes what he scarcely realises, obeying the inspiration of his dreams,-and we are all, at our best, but mediums for conveying thought, first receiving it from other spheres to ourselves, and then transmitting it from ourselves to others.	"Have you no curiosity?"	"No!"	I ought not to love you,--you are a joy forbidden to me--and yet I feel, rightly speaking, that you are already mine--that you belong to me as the other half of myself, and that this has been so from the beginning when God first ordained the mating of souls.	Of what avail then is the struggle of human life?	This said, he raised me with an infinitely courteous kindness, and placed a chair for me near a massive table-desk on which there were many papers--some neatly tied up and labelled,--others lying about in apparent confusion--and when we were both seated he began conversation in the simplest and easiest fashion.	I will willingly stay with you, if you wish me to do so."	He went on very quietly with his own personal narrative.	"What are these?"	asked Catherine, abruptly.