"To do evil!	She threw so much tenderness into these words that I fell down on my knees before her.	I, to do evil!	As a lonely lover draws from his bosom a letter from his mistress, and loses himself in delightful revery, thus I shut myself up in solitude and yielded to the sweet allurement of doubt.	The whim seemed to please her and she set about rubbing out the two faces.	I asked.	Thou wilt be only an object of ridicule, a thing to excite laughter; thou wilt vainly seek a deserted street to avoid the finger of scorn.	In the foreground a young girl with a large straw hat, seated under a tree, and a farmer's boy standing before her, apparently pointing out, with his iron-tipped stick, the route over which he had come; he was directing her attention to a winding path that led to the mountain.	-- "Why does that young man turn pale when she looks at him?"	On the table there remained only one piece of paper that Brigitte was examining.	He occupied a place that I could not reach without disturbing a large number of spectators, and I was forced to await the entr'acte.	what wealth of love has been awakened in thy heart!	Why seek to discover whether Smith and Madame Pierson had drunk from the same cup?	This woman was my mistress; I must be very weak if I could not gain my point.	"As you please, but be frank; whatever blow I may receive, I ought not to ask whence it comes; I should submit without a murmur.	--" Because you are miserable and weak, and all mystery is of God."	Brigitte's dejection made me reflect and calm my wrath.	"O novice of yesterday, how corrupt art thou today!	Upon examining our trunks we found that there were still a few things needed before we could start; Smith was asked to purchase them.	O wretch!	Why were they both so sad?	I spread out on the table our map of Europe, and there, in the very presence of all my hopes, in that room where I had conceived and had so nearly realized them, I abandoned myself to the most frightful presentiments.	Thus spoke and groaned within me two voices, voices that were defiant and terrible; and then a third voice cried out!	Why was I as motionless as a statue where I had formerly been violent?	"If I should try this with Brigitte, she might be deceived and tell me her secret."	Moreover, will not the talents he possesses and which he is unwilling to use, assure him an honorable living anywhere?	--"Do not seek to know what you must remain ignorant of."	"Is that all?"	Sinful curiosity is a vile malady born of impure contact.	A kiss on her lips and all would be well; instead of that, see what I did.	But, strange as it may seem, I felt neither anger nor jealousy, but a terrible sense of sorrow and foreboding.	Her large eyes, surrounded by a bluish circle, were moist with tears; her form, once so lithe, was bent as if beneath a burden; her cheek, wasted and leaden, rested on a hand that was spare and feeble; her brow seemed to bear the marks of that crown of thorns which is the diadem of resignation.	She departs with you," said the conscience."	What had I done with all that?	How dearly all these unnumbered tears, all these follies, so sweet to the feeble, are purchased!	When she regained consciousness she complained of extreme languor, and begged to be left alone that she might rest.	I stepped up to look at it, and he said it was his mother.	"And yet," I continued, "we must some day come to the truth.	I recalled one of Diderot's romances in which a woman, jealous of her lover, resorted to a novel plan, for the purpose of clearing away her doubts.	She had told me that she desired to go away as soon as she was well enough to travel.	I do not know.	The memory of the good drives you to the evil, make a corpse of yourself unless you wish to become your own spectre.	She placed her hand on her lips and turned aside.	Tenderness succeeded fury.	That piece of strategy, which I had read at too early an age, had struck me as being very skilful, and the recollection of it at this moment made me smile.	Come with me to the end of the world, I will die or I will live with you."	"Who knows?"	That would perhaps be better.	We had hired a caleche and I gave directions that all should be ready at the hour indicated.	Is it not true?"	"Who knows!	asked Brigitte; "have I said that I had changed my mind?	they mistake love for the livid corpse they have found at the bottom of the river.	An outsider?	On the other hand, how could I conceive of inconstancy or of caprice in that woman, as I knew her?	I did not close my eyes that night, and the next morning I resolved to call on that young man I had seen at the opera.	You are in the humor to travel to-night and I hasten to profit by it.	I, who am twenty-two years of age and have fought on the field of honor, would throw the taunt back in the teeth of my accuser.	No one who, upon returning to his home, could not enjoy a hearty dinner; and when we were extended side by side in our narrow, bed, the world could walk over our graves without disturbing us.	Suddenly a horrible idea occurred to me.	Fool!"	There are some, I admit; but what happens?	"Perhaps; silence before all."	CHAPTER IV IN THE FURNACE My heart yearned to set out and yet I delayed; some secret influence rooted me to the spot.	"Bon voyage, my friends!"	"Come, come!	I cried, "you love me, Brigitte?	And yet I could not find it in my heart to suspect her.	And believe me, if she loves him, pride will not console her."	Fool that I am!	she cried, addressing her own image; "poor, pale face, thou art suspected!	when I think of it, tears choke me.	The letters he brought Brigitte had not been shown me; it was possible that he knew the reason why our departure was delayed.	What!	Every evening in bed I said to myself: "Let me see; let me think that over."	Moreover, the tone in which I spoke would admit of no doubt, and, however hasty my action may appear to her, it was due to her own expressed desire.	What comedy are you now playing, yourself?"	"Have I fallen so low in your esteem that you can dissimulate before me?	"Why do you wait?"	I did not know why, and I could not help thinking that there was but one cause, or one secret to learn.	She held my hand in hers; I kissed her; our lips met in loving union, and after the cruel scene through which she had passed, she slept smilingly on my heart as on the first day.	You are young, I also; if this kind of life should become distasteful to you, are you the woman to tell me of it?	My anger had become furious when the idea of resorting to such trickery occurred to me.