"I don't dislike him," said the King, arranging his pillows; "I don't dislike him at all, although he is somewhat factious.	"'Tis not, indeed, you who are guilty; but I--I alone; not toward you, but for you."	A very young and beautiful person, holding a large fan as it were a sceptre, and surrounded by ten young men, entered their retired chamber with her brilliant court, which she ruled like a queen, and entirely put to the rout the studious conversers.	They saluted, exchanged a few words, deranged the chairs, and then settled down.	Then all again became silent, as after the discharge of fireworks the sky appears darker than before.	I had been tempted to make a poem of ' Polyeuctes'; but I shall cut down this subject, abridge it of the heavens, and it shall be only a tragedy."	asked the poet.	"I have read your last sixain.	She was brought up to the sound of the cannon by the 'Lion of the North,' Gustavus Adolphus, her father.	The poet, interrupted, put his head between his hands and his elbows on the table, that he might not hear the noise either of praise or censure.	she said as she entered the confessional; "you make me come without guards, without a coach.	"I make way for Mademoiselle de l'Enclos and her musketeers."	He sometimes delighted in being served by a single domestic, and thus so to forget himself by the absence of his suite as to live for many days together like a poor man or an exiled citizen, loving to figure to himself misery or persecution, in order the better to enjoy royalty afterward.	I have only those of faith, and yours.	When the whole soul vibrates with that one thought, it has no room for the nice calculation of general interests; the topmost heights of earth are far beneath heaven."	Come, come, the old fox is done at last!"	"Faith, the air of these pleases me!"	This morning while you descended the King's staircase on one side, Father Joseph ascended the other."	"The presidents and councils of sovereign courts have been imprisoned, banished, suspended--a thing before unheard of--because they have raised their voices for the king or for the public.	You shall go with me to Spain if you like."	I understand you," replied Jacques.	His care to prevent any surprise had made him remain himself to guard the entrance until the arrival of Marie.	What have you done, friend?	since I hold the match, I will apply it to the mine.	Then, advancing toward Cinq-Mars, and again taking his hand, he said: "I do much for you in acting thus; but expect nothing further from me, Monsieur, if you sign this treaty."	Separate yourself from me; we are no longer of the same nature.	I have endured the ill he has done to myself, thinking that he did good to my people.	I now think I was so.	France will do for your love what she would never do from fear.	"Now in that case, we are out with God, and in with the Devil, eh?"	At this moment Cinq-Mars thought he heard a sound on the staircase; the King reddened.	I positively can not consent to it.	I must do it, for Marie is my betrothed, and my death is written at Narbonne.	Monsieur le Grand dismounts and gets into the brouette by his side.	"I commence by a piece of information.	The very idea of his favorite's jealousy of the minister pleased him, because it indicated attachment; and all he dreaded was his indifference.	Besides, many courtiers go there, such as the Duc de Bouillon, Monsieur d'Aubijoux, the Comte de Brion, the Cardinal de la Vallette, Messieurs de Montresor, Fontrailles; men illustrious in the sciences, as Mairet, Colletet, Desmarets, author of Araine; Faret, Doujat, Charpentier, who wrote the Cyropedie; Giry, Besons, and Baro, the continuer of Astree--all academicians."	Seated on one side on a stool, her robe and her feet hung out of the carriage, and were supported by a gilt step--for, as we have already observed, there were then no doors to the coaches.	There were moments when he was capable of taking any measures against them.	Pure poetry is appreciated by but few souls.	I wish to Heaven I were not so near-sighted!	Despite her efforts a coldness reigned throughout the apartment.	He is ready to seize both temporal and spiritual power.	Is it all over?"	The ancient league of the princes of peace still exists, Sire, and it is only the respect due to the choice of your Majesty that prevents it from manifesting itself."	And she sighed deeply.	Go; in a month I shall expect you at Perpignan.	And it is because he keeps you from me that I detest him," continued Cinq- Mars, clinching his fist, as if Richelieu stood before him; "yes, I would kill him with my own hand, if need were."	No one had ever before heard him speak so long together, not even in fireside conversation; and he had never by a single word shown the least aptitude for understanding public affairs.	It is voluntarily, it is with full knowledge of my fate, that I have thus placed myself between the block and supreme happiness.	Who will stick the knife into him?	"Nor any others," said the grand ecuyer.	Wherefore have you made me grand ecuyer, if I was not to rise higher?	CHAPTER XX THE READING Shortly after the events just narrated, at the corner of the Palais- Royal, at a small and pretty house, numerous carriages were seen to draw up, and a door, reached by three steps, frequently to open.	Montresor answered, "The King bends his ear toward the Duc de Bouillon, who is speaking to him; he speaks again!	That happiness I must tear from the hands of Fortune, or die on that scaffold.	And he paused.	In a narrow street that winds round the old church of St. Eustache, a man, enveloped in his cloak, slowly walked up and down, constantly watching for the appearance of some one.	Knowest thou that seven princes of the blood royal have been united to his house; and eight daughters of his family, one of whom was a queen, have been married to princes of the blood royal?	Ha!"	They conversed in low tones.	Come, let us make up; shake hands, child.	The only relief was that ever and anon groups of young men in the excitement of the chase flew down the avenue like the wind, cheering on the dogs or sounding their horns.	What do I hear of your conduct?	said Cinq-Mars, impetuously.	delicious!	interrupted Marion de Lorme; "have you ever seen that country?	Then, advancing toward the adventurer, who awaited him, he said: "For you, brave fellow, since you desire to aid me, I charge you with escorting this gentleman to Madrid; you will be largely recompensed."	He is the genius of evil for the unhappy King!	come with me," said the bare-brained Abbe.	"Ah, Cinq-Mars, Cinq-Mars!	Theirs are settled reputations; they're men of weight.	said Olivier.	Come, take a seat!	Monsieur soon arrived, followed by his people; and in an hour the King appeared, pale, languishing, and supported by four men.	The speaker was a woman of about four-and-twenty, tall and handsome, notwithstanding her somewhat woolly black hair and her dark olive complexion.	Oh, 'mon ami', in what a tone, with what a voice, do you address me!	"Look, indeed!	If these verses were not to be read till a century after my death, I should write them just the same."	"The young man who wrote Cinna, and who has been thrice rejected at the Academie Francaise; he was angry that Du Royer occupied his place there.	However, as there are strange people in the world, it is possible that all who see it may not have minds sufficiently well turned to understand it.	The prickers on foot at the doors held the dogs in leash; and at the sound of the horn scores of young nobles mounted, and all set out to the place of meeting.	Enormous bows of the same color on his high-heeled shoes almost entirely concealed his feet, which after the fashion of the day he turned very much out.