"But, my lords, while Heaven was thus miraculously explaining itself by the mouths of its holy interpreters, another light has just been thrown upon us.	can such things be possible?"	He asked me the reason why I came into this country.	At the very time the judges were absorbed in profound meditation, a loud cry was heard near the hall of council; and upon going to the spot, we found the body of a young lady of high birth.	"Another ominous presage!"	Although Bassompierre had nothing of the dreamer in his character, the tone which the conversation had taken at dinner returned to his memory, and he reconsidered his life, the sad changes which the new reign had wrought in it, a reign which seemed to have breathed upon him a wind of misfortune--the death of a cherished sister; the irregularities of the heir of his name; the loss of his lands and of his favor; the recent fate of his friend, the Marechal d'Effiat, whose chambers he now occupied.	They lack always a tangible and visible coherence leading straight on to a moral conclusion.	But--again, with effort breaking the melancholy course of his thoughts, and wishing that the good Marechal should read nothing unpleasant upon the countenances of his hosts, he said: "People spoke, then, with much freedom to King Henri?	And, as De Launay called to the musketeers to cease, Bassompierre recognized the cavalier.	This would not have appeared more singular than anything else at present; but it is admitted that in every age we laugh at the costume of our fathers, and, except the Orientals, I know of no people who have not this fault.	The streets were filled with agitated masses; the bells of the church and of the convent were ringing furiously, as if the town was in flames; and the whole population, without paying any attention to the travellers, was pressing tumultuously toward a large edifice that adjoined the church.	The good people of Touraine are as simple as their life, gentle as the air they breathe, and strong as the powerful earth they dig.	Father Lactantius was distinguishable among them by his simple Capuchin habit, his tonsure, and the extreme hardness of his features.	In a side gallery sat the Bishop of Poitiers, hidden from view; other galleries were filled with veiled women.	You know well that I love you.'"	"Do you know a man called 'L'Eminence Grise', that formidable Capuchin whom the Cardinal employs in all things, consults upon some, and always despises?	Yes, I no longer doubt that the Cardinal-Duke will wholly accomplish his design; the great nobility will leave and lose their lands, and, ceasing to be great proprietors, they will cease to be a great power.	Thus, by his vigor and breadth of thought, by his profound understanding of life, by the intensity of his dreams, Alfred de Vigny is superior to Victor Hugo, whose genius was quite different, in his power to portray picturesque scenes, in his remarkable fecundity of imagination, and in his sovereign mastery of technique.	I should have blessed a change which deprived me of my rank, as I thanked Heaven when my father was dethroned; but the court wonders at my absence; the Queen requires me to attend her.	Cinq-Mars, with eyes fixed upon those of Bassompierre, as if to force himself to attend to his discourse, asked him what was the manner of the late king in conversation.	No one at first paid any attention to him; but when public curiosity had no other aliment, he became an object of general interest.	I will relate it to you; it will prove to you that with a bald head one may be as much a child as with your fine chestnut curls."	Those great houses, which are being so furiously assailed, were not ambitious, and frequently, desiring no employment from the Government, maintained their places at court by their own weight, existed upon their own foundation, and might say, as one of them did say, 'The Prince condescends not; I am Rohan.'	Now farewell, and let me proceed on my agreeable journey."	We hear the tones of the harp, but its graceful form conceals from us its frame of iron.	He then hurried him into a small room, which looked like a deserted granary; and seating him beside himself upon a black leather trunk, he said, warmly: "Well, my son, whither go you?	We were accustomed to other manners from the witty and simple-hearted Henri; and we were at least free to tell him that we loved him."	"Eh!	But it is the province of religion, of philosophy, of pure poetry only, to go beyond life, beyond time, into eternity.	And the excellent old Abbe, taking his pupil's head affectionately between his hands, continued: "Like other people, my dear son, I was curious to see the devils of the Ursulines; and knowing that they professed to speak all languages, I was so imprudent as to cease speaking Latin and to question them in Greek.	See, he salutes us from the road."	and as not being able to support so high renown.	But the good Abbe, with difficulty disengaging himself from this warm embrace, resumed his walk, his reflections, and his gravity.	The chairs, tables, and steps were all covered with black cloth, and cast a livid hue over the faces of those near them.	No.	what do I comprehend of this new system under which France is living?	All systems of philosophy have sought in vain to explain it, ceaselessly rolling up their rock, which, never reaching the top, falls back upon them--each raising its frail structure on the ruins of the others, only to see it fall in its turn.	"And how the devil came you here?"	said a young soldier, who had joined the group, smoking his pipe, "don't you know that pretty Martine was dispossessed a month ago."	And you at that delightful period of life when friendship, love, confidence, should alone encompass you; when all around you should give you a favorable opinion of your species, at your very entry into the great world!	Therefore, my dear child, remain passive in the scenes you are about to witness; but see them you must.	Tell me, and then depart."	At this the worthy but hasty Abbe rose from his box, and walked, or rather ran, to and fro, stamping.	The sun shone in full splendor, and colored the sands of the Loire, the trees, and the lawns with gold and emerald.	Her brilliant, dark eyes, which bore the impress of some deep and burning passion, were crowned with eyebrows so perfectly arched that Nature herself seemed to have taken as much pains to form them as the Circassian women to pencil theirs artistically; but between them a slight fold revealed the powerful agitation within.	said another.	It met with the most brilliant and decided success and was crowned by the Academy.	When, for example, Theophile Gautier reproached him with being too little impressed with the exigencies of rhyme, his criticism was not well grounded, for richness of rhyme, though indispensable in works of descriptive imagination, has no 'raison d'etre' in poems dominated by sentiment and thought.	I was with her yesterday a long time; it was sad to see her tearing her breast, turning her arms and her legs first one way and then another, and then, all of a sudden, twisting them together behind her back.	'Monsieur, you mock us,' said Lactantius.	Yet no anger was shown; on the contrary, it seemed that the question had favorably changed for him the minds of all who heard him.	"Well," said the Marechal, continuing to eat with an excellent appetite, "you are about to depart, my son; you are going to the court--a slippery place nowadays.	Henri, what troubles you?	I perceive, however, that the farther we go, the more we lose sight of this idea, especially at the court.	"Here; look, look!"	It was to him that the Capuchins of Loudun addressed themselves.	Puy-Laurens observed the mistress of the house with attention; he was devoted to the Duc d'Orleans, and feared the Cardinal.	When the good Abbe had followed up this lamentation by pressing affectionately both hands of the young traveller in his own, so red and wrinkled, the latter answered: "Can you not guess, my dear Abbe, that I came to Loudun because you are here?	My greatest grief has been to see my brother die in the service of Spain; and I have just written to my nephew to say that I shall disinherit him if he has passed over to the Emperor, as report says he has."	"Lively and frank," said he.	He tried to see what was going on when a cavalier, having in his hand a long sword, with which he parried the strokes of the guard, approached the door, crying: "Come, come, Monsieur le Marechal!"	For their actions, who among us has not been a witness of them?"	Nevertheless, since I have been convinced that this book possesses vitality, I can not help throwing out some reflections on the liberty which the imagination should employ in weaving into its tapestry all the leading figures of an age, and, to give more consistency to their acts, in making the reality of fact give way to the idea which each of them should represent in the eyes of posterity; in short, on the difference which I find between Truth in art and the True in fact.	One of the gentlemen guests who had as yet been silent, and who was remarkable for the profusion of knots, ribbons, and tags which covered his dress, and for the black cordon of the Order of St. Michael which decorated his neck, bowed, observing that it was thus all faithful subjects ought to speak.	is that you, you madcap, Henri, who are playing these pranks?	In his hands were a pair of horse-pistols.	exclaimed the soldier.	"Pere Guillaume," pursued M. du Lude, "how is it you have brought with you only your sons, and they armed with their staves?"	No doubt I should have been possessed myself, but for the relic of Saint-Genevieve I luckily had about me, and--" "Luckily, indeed, Martine," interposed a fat gossip; "for--no offence!-- you, as I remember, were long enough with the handsome sorcerer."	Give me the ring I see on your finger.	Lactantius shouted forth his exorcisms; Barre threw himself upon his knees with all the old women; and Mignon and the judges applauded.	As if by way of pleasantry, and to put a joke upon posterity, the public voice invents sublime utterances to mark, during their lives and under their very eyes, men who, confused, avow themselves as best they may, as not deserving of so much glory--      [In our time has not a Russian General denied the fire of Moscow,      which we have made heroic, and which will remain so?	Black and tufted trees surround this ancient mansion, resembling from afar the plumes that encircled the hat of King Henry.	"Never!"	there are our holy brethren, the Penitents," cried an old woman, throwing back her hood, the better to look at them.	At this moment a terrible shriek sounded from beyond the wall of the courtyard; the Abbe arose in terror, as did Cinq-Mars.	He therefore remained on horseback with his four servants in a small, dark street that led into the main thoroughfare, whence he could see all that passed.	"Don't you know them, neighbors?"	God grant you may not witness still greater horrors!	No one but a member of the family could have found his way through darkness so profound.	said Henri.	"We have waited a long time for you to-day, dear Marie," she said, placing the Duchess beside her; "fortunately, you remain with me to replace one of my children, who is about to depart."	He did not blush to be a man, and he spoke to men with force and sensibility.