"My friend," I said from the bottom of my heart, "I am very sorry that I unjustly reproached you for a piece of innocent badinage; but if you love me, never lie to me, even in the smallest matter, for a lie is an abomination to me and I can not endure it."	When I was able to write I assured Madame Pierson that she would be obeyed, and that I would go away.	To possess a woman was for me to love her; for I thought of nothing but women and I did not believe in the possibility of true love.	My blood became so hot that I could not continue.	I asked.	asked Desgenais.	She had been married against her will; she struggled a long time; but she regretted nothing except that she had not been able to inspire a more sincere affection.	"And thou, too, as all others, thou book of hope!"	If you love me, what horrible comedy is this you are playing before me?"	I can not describe the impression, that sad letter made on me; I turned it over and saw on the other side Marco's address and the date, that of the evening previous.	When I feel as though I would sink under it, when my pride rebels, when my heart is breaking, when all my life--" She could not finish; her tears choked her.	The contract was ready to be signed, the preparations for the wedding complete, when his mother said: "And your sister?	"Why that question?"	If I am devoted to religion, I am also devoted to love.	I took my hat without a word, bowed profoundly and left the room.	asked Marco.	Although I tried to drive the thought from my head, that young man's action in avoiding me seemed to have some connection with Brigitte's obstinate silence.	I then paid her the most extravagant compliments; her senseless chatting I described as unrestraint tempered by finesse, her pretentious exaggerations as a natural desire to please; was it her fault that she was poor?	Her lonely tramps over the mountains, when engaged in works of charity, suddenly became the subject of quibbles and of raillery.	What will happen if she remains silent?	What are we doing?	From some servant or peasant.	I know who you are, and, if there is any compassion for me in your heart, I thank you; speak but one word, this moment decides my life."	Then I will take you away, perhaps; but in truth, not thus."	I tried to make Madame Pierson feel that she had no reason to reproach herself for allowing me to see her; I depicted my past life in the most somber colors and gave her to understand that if she should refuse to allow me to see her, she would condemn me to a loneliness worse than death; I told her that I held society in abhorrence and the story of my life, as I recited it, proved my sincerity.	The same evening we passed through the Champs Elysees; Desgenais, seeing another carriage passing, stopped it after the manner of a highwayman; he intimidated the coachman by threats and forced him to climb down and lie flat on his stomach.	She looked at me as though to say: "Why do you ask?"	Finally, we decided to go to Geneva and then choose some resting-place in the Alps.	Again silence; I was still watching him, waiting for him to add a word.	I thought it was time to die; what a night I passed!	I asked.	"Do not tear your hair and stab yourself because you have a rival.	And from that day he is disturbed and uneasy.	She receives careful attention and is soon cured of the disease of maternity.	Behold him at thirty as old as the senile Mithridates; the poisons of vipers are his familiar friends.	I know that you love me, Brigitte, and you are safer here than a king in his palace."	I have spent so many pieces of gold, therefore I experience so much pleasure."	Therefore, they are either so nonchalant that they stop their ears, or the noise of the rest of the world suddenly startles them from sleep.	Would I, in speaking the words, make her happier than she is to-day?	"When shall I see you again?"	"My dear Octave," said Brigitte, "where are we to stop?	May they not be adventurers, these two women with their little house, their prudence and their caution which enables them to impose on people so easily?	I would enjoy walking that far."	But despite all that, despite all his efforts, he was sad, and I could not obliterate strange thoughts that came to my mind.	I clearly saw that she was jealous; but instead of being moved by it, I did all I could to increase her suffering.	"What are you doing here, Desgenais?"	Like a fool, I have tried to suffer in silence, to consecrate to you my resignation; I have tried to conceal my tears; you have played the spy, and you have counted them as witnesses against me.	I let go of him, but so roughly that he staggered back and fell against a tree.	A phrase, written in capital letters caught my eye on one of the pages I was turning; I distinctly saw some words that were insignificant enough and I was about to read the rest when Brigitte stopped me and said: "Do not read that."	My father had a book in which he was accustomed to write from day to day the record of his life.	"No, I will stay here; go without me."	If you desire to live, learn how to kill, for wine is a wrangler.	Was I distrustful or a fool?	Some one touches him on the shoulder and says to him 'She is unfaithful.'	I repeated aloud.	"Yes, it must be," she murmured, "it must be."	Some one has spied into our most secret thoughts; things that I thought no one else knew, events in your life and sad scenes to which they have led, are known to others; my poor aunt spoke to me about it some time since, and she knew it some time before speaking to me.	"The world," I said to myself, "is accustomed to call his disguise virtue, his chaplet religion, his flowing mantle convenience.	"And you will love me a long time?	I had forgotten her.	"All my dreams of happiness," said I, "all my hopes, all my ambitions, are enclosed in the little corner of the earth where you dwell; outside of the air that you breathe there is no life for me."	There was one view that seemed to please her more than all the others; it was a certain spot in the canton of Vaud, some distance from Brigues; some trees with cows grazing in the shade; in the distance, a village consisting of some dozen houses, scattered here and there.	He sat down on a bench and began to talk about Paris, which he called the modern Babylon.	CHAPTER VII UPON returning to my apartments I found a large box in the center of the room.	I looked upon that frivolous idea, if it was serious and not a simple antithesis made in pleasantry, as the conceit of a heart that has known no real experience.	Octave, I used to smile at that precocious experience which you said you had been through, and of which I heard you boast like a child who knows nothing of life.	His bowels are like those of sterile women, where nature has not completed her work, or there is distilled in the shadow some venomous poison.	Thus, I communed with myself; then on the sofa I caught sight of a little gingham dress, folded and ready to be packed in the trunk.	"It will be for us alone, but what does that matter?	"Very well," Brigitte replied, "teach me how to please you always.	It appeared singular to me that, seeing my embarrassment, she did not rearrange it, and I turned my head to give her an opportunity.	At these words she moved uneasily in her chair and I could see an expression of compassion on her face.	"Silence!"	Are you with me?	Our conversation continued in this tone of great friendship.	I will not say that your mistresses will deceive you; that would not grieve you so much as the loss of your horse; but I do tell you that you will lose on the Bourse; your moneyed tranquillity, your golden happiness are in the care of a banker who may fail; in short I tell you, all frozen as you are, you are capable of loving something; some fiber of your being will be torn and you will give vent to a cry that will resemble a moan of pain.	I expected he would try to avoid me; on the contrary he approached me.	he asked, smiling.	Some one had just told me that it was clear I had never loved that woman, that I had doubtless merely played at love, thereby paying me a compliment which I really did not deserve; but the most of it was that I was so swollen with vanity that I was charmed with that view.	I approached the bed and raised the shroud which already covered the face.	So long as the faintest gleam of hope remains, I am ready to suffer anything; but, although I may rouse your anger in saying to you that I am a woman, I am, nevertheless, a woman, my friend.	While speaking, she continued her search and then came and sat down near us.	Yes, more than you love me, alas!