See, for example, Plato, Protagoras 333b.	And his education continued late; he could seldom think of marriage till the age of thirty.	Note, however, in what way, precisely.	60.	.	The process of dialectic, as represented in the Platonic Dialogues, may seem, therefore, inconsistent with itself, if you isolate this or that particular movement, in what is a very complex process, with many phases of development.	What Christian marriage, in harmonious action with man's true nature, has done to counteract this condition, that Plato tried to do by a somewhat forced legislation, which was altogether out of harmony with the facts of man's nature.	Justice therefore- -its area, the space of experience which it covers, dissolves away, literally, as the eye is fixed upon it, like Heraclitean water: it is and is not.	As in the class of the artisans (hoi dêmiourgoi)+ some can make swords best, others pitchers, so, on the larger survey, there will be found those who can use those swords, or, again, think, teach, pray, or lead an army, a whole body of swordsmen, best, thus defining within impassable barriers three essential species of citizenship--the productive class, the military order, the governing class thirdly, or spiritual order.	at Sparta, where it consisted of 28."	Labouring by system at the production of perfect swords, perfect lamps, perfect poems too, and a perfect coinage, such as we know, to enable them the more readily to exchange their produce (nomisma tês allagês heneka)+ working perhaps in guilds and under rules to insure perfection in each specific craft, refining matter to the last degree, they would constitute the beautiful body of the State, in rightful service, like the copper and iron, the bronze and the steel, they manipulate so finely, to its beautiful soul--to its natural though hereditary aristocracy, its "golden" humanity, its kings, in whom Wisdom, the light, of a comprehensive Synopsis, indefectibly resides, and who, as being not merely its discursive or practical reason, but its faculty of contemplation likewise, will be also its priests, the [252] medium of its worship, of its intercourse with the gods.	Plato, Republic 331e and 332a.	asks Thrasymachus.	Our pilgrimage is meant indeed to end in nothing less than the vision of what we seek.	And in the nineteenth century, as on the one hand the philosophy of motion, of the "perpetual flux," receives its share of verification from that theory of development with which in various forms all modern science is prepossessed; so, on the other hand, the philosophy of rest also, of the perpetual lethargy, the Parmenidean assertion of the exclusive reign of "The One," receives an unlooked-for testimony from the modern physical philosopher, hinting that the phenomena he deals with--matter, organism, consciousness--began in a state of indeterminate, abstract indifference, with a single uneasy start in a sort of eternal sleep, a ripple on the dead, level surface.	Plato, Symposium 212a.	Of the industrial or productive class, the artists and artisans, Plato speaks only in outline, but is significant in what he says; and enough remains of the actual fruits [250] of Greek industry to enable us to complete his outline for ourselves, as we may also, by aid of Greek art, together with the words of Homer and Pindar, equip and realise the full character of the true Platonic "war-man" or knight; and again, through some later approximate instances, discern something of those extraordinary, half-divine, philosophic kings.	E-text editor's translation: "We are and are not."	Plato, Protagoras 343b.	Plato enjoys it for its own sake, and would have been an excellent writer of fiction.	Pater's translation: "a Dialogue of search."	Liddell and Scott definition: "any art over which the Muses presided, esp.	Sophistry and common sense are trying their best to apprehend, to cover or occupy, a certain space, as the exact area of Justice.	But, he is asked, if the prospect be indeed so cheerful, at all events for the just, why is it forbidden to seize such an advantage as death must be by self-destruction?--Tois anthrôpois, mê hosion einai, autous heatous eupoiein, all' allon dei menein euergetên.+  His consistent piety straightway suggests the solution of that paradox: we are the property, slaves, of the gods.	1, Cyrenaicism, and Vol.	.	to the primeval indifference, as may be understood by those who can reckon the time it will take for our worn-out planet, surviving all the fret of the humanity it housed for a while, to be drawn into the sun.	Certainly something of paradox may always be felt even in his [33] exposition of "Being," or perhaps a kind of paralysis of speech--aphasia.+ Parmenides himself had borrowed the thought from another, though he made it his own.	Hence, at once cause and effect of such "seamless" unity, his paradoxical new law of property in the City of the Perfect--mandatum novum, a "new commandment," we might fairly call it--ta tôn philôn koina.+  "And no one said that aught of the things he possessed was his own but they had all things common."	The wholesome vigour, the clearness and purity they maintain in matters such as air, light, water; how their presence multiplies the contrasts, the element of light and shadow, in things; the untouched perfection of the minuter ornament, flower or crystal, they permit one sparingly; their reproachful aloofness, though so close to us, keeping sensitive minds at least in a sort of moral alliance with their remoter solitudes.	189.	The proposition which embodies it very [190] imperfectly, may not look to him, in those dark chambers of his individuality, of himself, into which none but he can ever get, to test the matter, what it looks to me, or to you.	Shut off land-wards from the primitive sources of those many elements it was to compose anew, shut off from all the rest of the world, to [104] which it presented but one narrow entrance pierced through that rock of Tempe, so narrow that "in the opinion of the ancients it might be defended by a dozen men against all comers," it did recompose or fuse those many diverse elements into one absolutely original type.	"An offence" to the whole tribe of Sophists, he was hated also by those who hated them, by the good old men of Athens, whose conservatism finds its representative in Aristophanes, and who saw in the Socratic challenge of first principles, in that ceaseless testing of the origin and claims of what all [90] honest people might seem to take for granted, only a further development of the pernicious function of the Sophists themselves, by the most subtly influential of them all.	+Transliteration: ta erôtika.	Pater's translation: "this is the path to persuasion, for truth goes along with it."	the central business of education.	we think it very expressive of strenuous national character.	+Transliteration: heteron epistêmês doxa; eph' heterô ara heteron ti dynamenê hekatera autôn pephyke; ouk enchôrei gnôston kai doxaston tauton einai.	In spirit, then, we are certainly of the Pythagorean company in that most characteristic dialogue, the Meno, in which Plato discusses the nature, the true idea, of Virtue, or rather how one may attain thereto; compelled to this subordinate and accessory question by the intellectual [61] cowardice of his disciple, though after his manner he flashes irrepressible light on that other primary and really indispensable question by the way.	With no movement of voice or hand or foot, paraleipomenon,+ unconsidered, as Plato forbids, it was the perfect flower of their correction, of that minute patience and care which ends in a perfect expressiveness; not a note, a glance, a touch, but told obediently in the promotion of a firmly grasped mental conception, as in that perfect poetry or sculpture or painting, in which "the finger of the master is on every part of his work."	the question Plato is asking throughout The Republic, with a touch perhaps of the narrowness, the fanaticism, or "fixed idea," of Machiavel himself, is, not how shall the state, the place we must live in, be gay or rich or populous, but strong--strong enough to remain [240] itself, to resist solvent influences within or from without, such as would deprive it not merely of the accidental notes of prosperity but of its own very being.	Collectively of course they are the mind or brain, the mental element, in the social organism.	CHAPTER 4: PLATO AND SOCRATES [75] "PLATO," we say habitually when we talk of our teacher in The Republic, the Phaedrus, cutting a knot; for Plato speaks to us indirectly only, in his Dialogues, by the voice of the Platonic Socrates, a figure most ambiguously compacted of the real Socrates and Plato himself; a purely dramatic invention, it might perhaps have been fancied, or, so to speak, an idolon theatri--Plato's self, but presented, with the reserve appropriate to his fastidious genius, in a kind of stage disguise.	153.	+Transliteration: Tois anthrôpois, mê hosion einai, autous heatous eupoiein, all' allon dei menein euergetên.	It was as if the firm plastic outlines of the delightful old Greek polytheism had found their way back after all into a repellent monotheism.	In their origin, then, very obviously elemental deities, they were thus become almost wholly humanised, fraternised with the Lacedaemonian people, their closest friends of the whole celestial company, visitors, as fond legend told, at their very hearths, found warming themselves in the half-light at their rude fire-sides.	Let me however conclude with a document of the Eleatic temper, nearer in its origin to the age of Plato: an ancient fragment of Cleanthes the Stoic, which has justly stirred the admiration of Stoical minds; though truly, so hard is it not to lapse from those austere heights, the One, the Absolute, has become in it after all, with much varied colour and detail in his relations to concrete things and persons, our father Zeus.	What the nature of such representative terms and notions, genus and species, class-word, and abstract idea or ideal, may be; what their relationship to the individual, the unit, the particulars which they include; is, as we know, one of the constant problems of logic.	Thus, with Berkeley, its purpose is but to give a popular turn to certain very dogmatic opinions, about which there is no diffidence, there are no half-lights, in the writer's own mind.	II.	+Transliteration: systoichiai tôn enantiôn.	65.	Still, not so far away, made, not in idea and by the movements of an abstract argument, the mere strokes of a philosophic pen, but solidified by constancy of character, fortified anew on emergency by heroic deeds, for itself, for the whole of Greece, though with such persistent hold throughout on an idea, or system of ideas, that it might seem actually to have come ready-made from the mind of some half-divine Lycurgus, or through him from Apollo himself, creator of that music of which it was an example:--there, in the hidden valley of the Eurotas, it was to be found, as a visible centre of actual human life, the place which was alleged to have come, harsh paradox as it might sound to Athenian ears, within measurable distance of civic perfection, of the political and social ideal.	Pater's translation: "in and by itself."	He remains youthful and unmarried.	He therefore indulged them in it on occasion, and you might fancy that the religion of a people so strenuous, ever so full of their dignity, must have been a religion of gloom.	39.	sensible experience as such is logically inconceivable.	Aristotle adds, however, that Socrates had stopped at the point here indicated: he had not gone on, like some others, to make those universal notions or definitions "separable"--separable, that is to say, from the particular and concrete instances, from which he had gathered them.	Those tendencies combine and find their complete expression in what Plato's commentators, rather than Plato, have called the "theory of ideas," itself indeed not so much a doctrine or theory, as a way of regarding and speaking of general terms, such as Useful or Just; of abstract notions, like Equality; of ideals, such as Beauty, or The Perfect City; of all those terms or notions, in short, which represent under general forms the particular presentations of our individual experience; or, to use Plato's own frequent expression, borrowed [151] from his old Eleatic teachers, which reduce "the Many to the One."	It is like people at supper-parties he said (very Attic supper-      parties!)	In fact the surprise of Saint Paul, as a practical man, at the slightness of the reward for which a Greek spent himself, natural as it is about all pagan perfection, is especially applicable about these Lacedaemonians, who indeed had actually invented that so "corruptible" and essentially worthless parsley crown in place of the more tangible prizes of an earlier age.	The presence, then, the ascendancy amid actual things, of the royal or philosophic nature, as Plato thus conceives it--that, and nothing else, will be the generating force, the seed, of the City of the Perfect, as he conceives it: this place, in which the great things of existence, known or divined, really fill the soul.	See above, notes for pages 6, 14, 15, and 16.	Is it possible, and under what conditions--this disinterestedness on the part of those who might do what they will as with their own, this indifference, this surrender, not of one's goods and [260] time only, but of one's last resource, one's very home, for "the greatest happiness of the greatest number."	Liddell and Scott definition: "grow[ing] quite weary."	So it may be.	+Transliteration: pleista eidê.	For this in truth      is the right method of proceeding towards the doctrine of love,      or of being conducted therein by another,--beginning from these      beautiful objects here below ever to be going up higher, with      that other beauty in view; using them as steps of a ladder;      mounting from the love of one fair person to the love of two;      and from the love of two to the love of all; and from the love      of beautiful persons to the love of beautiful employments--kala      epitêdeumata+ (that means being a soldier, or a priest, or a      scholar) and from the love of beautiful employments to the love      of beautiful kinds of knowledge; till he passes from degrees of      knowledge to that knowledge which is the knowledge of nothing      else save the absolute Beauty itself, and knows it at length as      in itself it really is.	The secrecy again, that characteristic silence of which the philosopher of music was,  perhaps not inconsistently, a lover, which enveloped the entire action of the Pythagoreans, and had indeed kept Pythagoras himself, as some have thought, from committing his thoughts to writing at all, was congruous with such monkish discipline.	Or it lapses into "eristic"--into an argument for its own sake; or sinks into logomachy, a mere dispute about words.	Conversely to that absoluteness and necessity which Plato himself supposes in all real knowledge, as "the spectacle of all time and all existence," it might seem that the only sort of truth attainable by his actual method, must be the truth of a particular time and place, for one and not for another.	173.	For in truth to [68] seek and to learn is wholly      Recollection.	It was neither the playful pretence which some have supposed; nor yet an insoluble mystery; but only what happens naturally to a really diffident spirit in great and still more in small matters which at this or that taxing moment seem to usurp the determination of great issues.	an ornament...; III.	[74] Happy, those days, he declares,      Before I understood this place,      Appointed for my second race;      Or taught my soul to fancy ought      But a white celestial thought;      When yet I had not walked above      A mile or two from my first love;      But felt through all this fleshly dress      Bright shoots of everlastingness.	The verb agô means "lead or drive."	Unto Thee may all flesh speak: for we are Thy offspring.	Apology, 38.	.