The sunlight fell for the first time on many a spot of deep woodland cleared for vine-growing; though Denys, a lover of trees, was careful to leave a stately specimen of forest growth here and there.	Music alone hitherto had really helped him, and taken him out of himself.	Away with that tetchy, feverish, unworthy agitation!	In the front garden, flower-garden and potager in one, the bees were busy among the autumn growths--many-coloured asters, bignonias, scarlet-beans, and the old-fashioned parsonage flowers.	Here, it might seem, the thing was indeed done, and art achieved, as far as regards those final graces, and harmonies of execution, which were precisely what lay beyond the hand of the medieval workman, who for his part had largely at command a seriousness of conception lacking in the old Greek.	Often it was a weary, deflowered face that his favourite mirrors reflected.	Anthony Watteau is an excellent judge of literature, and I have been reading (with infinite [37] surprise!)	One fault only Carl found in his French models, and was resolute to correct.	The whole body of Carl's relations, saving the drowsy old grandfather, already lay buried beneath their expansive heraldries: at times the whole world almost seemed buried thus--made and re-made of the dead--its entire fabric of politics, of art, of custom, being essentially heraldic "achievements," dead men's mementoes such as those.	The house has but one story, with attics in the mansard roofs, like those of a farmhouse in the country.	The age was still fitted to evoke a generous ambition; and this son, from whose natural gifts there was so much to hope for, might play his part, at least as a diplomatist, if the present quiet continued.	The Watteau salon was lighted up to receive them.	Deep down, at the core of the central pile, a painful object was exposed--the skeleton of a child, placed there alive, it was rightly surmised, in the superstitious belief that, by way of vicarious substitution, its death would secure the safety of all who should pass over.	Here, that rare artist, the susceptible painter of architecture, if he understands the value alike of line and mass of broad masses and delicate lines, has "a subject made to his hand."	For Sebastian at least, the world and the individual alike had been divested of all effective purpose.	And so far consistently throughout he had held that the centre of one's intellectual system must be understood to be in France.	In [69] their presence, the Bishop of Auxerre, with vestments of deep red in honour of the relics, blessed the new shrine, according to the office De benedictione capsarum pro reliquiis.	It looks certainly very graceful, fresh, animated, "piquant," as they love to say--yes!	The theoretic or imaginative desire to urge Time's creeping footsteps, was felt now as the physical fatigue which leaves the book or the letter unfinished, or finishes eagerly out of hand, for mere finishing's sake, unimportant business.	the [38] hero himself also, that dainty Chevalier des Grieux, with all his fervour, have, I think, but a half-life in them truly, from the first.	A learned physician, moreover, endeavoured to comfort his mother by [115] remarking that in any case he must certainly have died ere many years were passed, slowly, perhaps painfully, of a disease then coming into the world; disease begotten by the fogs of that country--waters, he observed, not in their place, "above the firmament"--on people grown somewhat over-delicate in their nature by the effects of modern luxury.	For him the light was still to seek in France, in Italy, above all in old Greece, amid the precious things which might yet be lurking there unknown, in art, in poetry, perhaps in very life, till Prince Fortunate should come.	From the midst of the busy and busy-looking house, crowded with the furniture and the pretty little toys of many generations, a long passage led the rare visitor up a winding staircase, and (again at the end of a long passage) he found himself as if shut off from the whole talkative Dutch world, and in the embrace of that wonderful quiet which is also possible in Holland at its height all around him.	That he might in this way facilitate that much-desired journey occurred to him almost at once as an accessory motive, and in a little while definite motives were engrossed in the dramatic interest, the pleasing gloom, the curiosity, of the thing itself.	It was as if the disturbing of that time-worn masonry let out the dark spectres of departed times.	And yet, in the midst of this, by mere force of contrast, comes back to me, very vividly, the true colour, ruddy with blossom and fruit, of the past summer, among the streets and gardens of some of our old towns we visited; when the thought of cold was a luxury, and the earth dry enough to sleep on.	He hasn't yet put off, in spite of all his late intercourse with the great world, his distant and preoccupied manner--a manner, it is true, the same to every one.	NOTES 37.	But from this time there was manifest, with no loss of power or effect, a well-assured seriousness, somewhat [71] jealous and exclusive, not so much in the selection of the material on which the arts were to work, as in the precise sort of expression that should be induced upon it.	The strong wind changed not again for fourteen days, and its effect was a permanent one; so that people might have fancied that an enemy had indeed cut the dykes somewhere--a pin-hole enough to wreck the ship of Holland, or at least this portion of it, which underwent an inundation of the sea the like of which had not occurred in that province for half a century.	Time, at the court of the Grand-duke of Rosenmold, at the beginning of the eighteenth century might seem to have been standing still almost since the Middle Age--since the days of the Emperor Charles the Fifth, at which period, by the marriage of the hereditary Grand-duke with a princess of the Imperial house, a sudden tide of wealth, flowing through the grand-ducal exchequer, had left a kind of golden architectural splendour on the place, always too ample for its population.	That revolution in the temper and manner of individuals concurred with the movement then on foot at Auxerre, as in other French towns, [61] for the liberation of the commune from its old feudal superiors.	you might have supposed, but for a touch of grace in the construction of the thing--lightly wrought timber-work, united and adorned by a multitude of brass fastenings, like the work of children for their simplicity, while the rude, stiff chair, or throne, set upon it, seemed to distinguish it as a chariot of state.	The men stuck little shreds of his flesh, or, failing that, of his torn raiment, into their caps; the women lending their long hairpins for the purpose.	It might have been "the wondrous vessel of the Grail."	So genially attempered, so warm, was life become, in the land of which Pliny had spoken as scarcely dry land at all.	Hence that discontent with himself, which keeps pace with his fame.	It showed him, as he fixed the mental eye with more and more of self-absorption on the phenomena of his intellectual existence, a picture or vision of the universe as actually the product, so far as he really knew it, of his own lonely thinking power--of himself, there, thinking: as being zero without him: and as possessing a perfectly homogeneous unity in that fact.	Constant observer as he is of the lights and shadows of things, he visits [20] places of this kind at odd times.	July 1721.	How little peace have his great successes given him; how little of [40] that quietude of mind, without which, methinks, one fails in true dignity of character.	Holland, just then, was reposing on its laurels after its long contest with Spain, in a short period of complete wellbeing, before troubles of another kind should set in.	the very friends, have become to him nothing less than insupportable.	And a certain number of weeks afterwards it was known that "the mad Duke" had reappeared, to the dismay of court marshals.	It must long since have mouldered into dust under the stone, marked with a cross, where he buried it in a dark corner of the cathedral aisle.	And yet in truth, since we are no longer children, we might well question the advantage of the return to us of a condition of life in which, by the nature of the case, the values of things would, so to speak, lie wholly on their surfaces, unless we could regain also the childish consciousness, or rather unconsciousness, in ourselves, to take all that adroitly and with the appropriate lightness of heart.	The lad, with his full red lips and open blue eyes, coming as with a great cup in his hands to life's feast, revolted from the like of that, as from suffocation.	But he finishes a large number of works, door-heads, clavecin cases, and the like.	It was just then that Denys was seen plainly, standing, in all essential features precisely as of old, upon one of the great stones prepared for the foundation of the new building.	He was ready to preside with all ceremony at a presentation of Marivaux's Death of Hannibal, played in the original, with such imperfect mastery of the French accent as the lovers of new light in Rosenmold had at command, in a theatre copied from that at Versailles, lined with pale yellow satin, and with a picture, amid the stucco braveries of the ceiling, of the Septentrional Apollo himself, in somewhat watery red and blue.	Is it the depressing result of this labour, of a too exacting labour?	The hot nights were noisy with swarming troops of dishevelled women and youths with red-stained limbs and faces, carrying their lighted torches over the vine-clad hills, or rushing down the streets, to the horror of timid watchers, towards the cool spaces by the river.	One puts this and that angry spasm into it, and is delivered from it so.	Has he failed truly to grasp the fact of his great success and the rewards that lie before him?	perhaps of infinite littleness also.	October 1717.	However the matter was managed, no one doubted, when, with a blazon of ceremonious words, the court news went forth that, after a brief illness, according to the way of his race, the hereditary Grand-duke was deceased.	The antiquities, beautiful curiosities of all sorts--above all, the original drawings of those old masters Antony so greatly admires--are arranged all around one there, that the influence, the genius, of those things may imperceptibly play upon and enter into one, and form what one does.	In truth, it was not by magic, as some said, but by a natural simplicity in his living.	and they were too sick, or at least too serious, to carry through their parts in it.	But that he no longer needs.	Is it pity, then, pity only, one must feel for the brilliant one?	Yet he reaches with wonderful sagacity the secret of an adjustment of colours, a coiffure, a toilette, setting I know not what air of real superiority on such things.	The settle of carved oak which runs all round the wide nave is my father's own work.	Theorem and corollary!	Therefore, all the more exclusively, he must minister to mind, to the intellectual power, submitting himself to the sole direction of that, whithersoever it might lead him.	I sat for it in a walking-dress, made under his direction--a gown of a peculiar silken stuff, falling into an abundance of small folds, giving me "a certain air of piquancy" which pleases him, but is far enough from my true self.	I find a certain immobility of disposition in me, to quicken or interfere with which is like physical pain.	A little to his surprise, the young man declined the offer; not graciously, as was thought.	All was but conscious mind.	He did not reflect on the inconsistency of the feeling of honour (living, as it does essentially, upon the concrete and minute detail of social relationship) for one who, on principle, set so slight a value on anything whatever that is merely relative in its character.	Obviously somewhat jealous of his intellectual interests, he loved inanimate nature, it might have been thought, better than man.	And the Duke Carl was a sincere lover of music, himself playing melodiously on the violin to a delighted court.	Girding up their skirts a little way, the whole body of clerics awaited their turn in silence, while the captain of the singing-boys cast the ball into the air, as [58] high as he might, along the vaulted roof of the central aisle to be caught by any boy who could, and tossed again with hand or foot till it passed on to the portly chanters, the chaplains, the canons themselves, who finally played out the game with all the decorum of an ecclesiastical ceremony.	The sergeant-painter and the deputy sergeant-painter were, indeed, conventional performers enough; as mechanical in their dispensation of wigs, finger-rings, ruffles, and simpers, as the figure of the armed knight who struck the bell in the Residence tower.	And while, in the eyes of all around him to-night, this courtship seemed to promise him, thus early in life, a kind of quiet happiness, he was coming to an estimate of the situation, with strict regard to that ideal of a calm, intellectual indifference, of which he was [102] the sworn chevalier.	His preference in the matter of art was, therefore, for those prospects a vol a'oiseau--of the caged bird on the wing at last--of which Rubens had  the secret, and still more Philip de Koninck, four of whose choicest works occupied the four walls of his chamber; visionary escapes, north, south, east, and west, into a wide-open though, it must be confessed, a somewhat sullen land.	Ah!	One and another of those North-german towns were already aware of the youthful Sebastian Bach.	It was his desire to test the sincerity of the people about him, and unveil flatterers, which in the first instance suggested a trick he played upon the court, upon all Europe.	The monk Hermes sought in vain next day for any remains of the body of his friend.	Actually proud at times of his curious, well-reasoned nihilism, he [111] could but regard what is called the business of life as no better than a trifling and wearisome delay.	One of his acquaintance, a penurious young poet, who, having nothing in his pockets but the imaginative or otherwise barely potential gold of manuscript verses, would have grasped so eagerly, had they lain within his reach, at the elegant outsides of life, thought the fortunate Sebastian, possessed of every possible opportunity of that kind, yet bent only on dispensing with it, certainly a most puzzling and comfortless creature.