And within seven days the "black death" was there, reaping its thousands.	"I had almost forgotten his companion, the younger and more fortunate prisoner, though I could scarcely tell, as I looked at him, whether his fate was really preferable in leaving his own rough coffin unoccupied behind him there.	Appeared in Macmillan's Magazine in November, 1876.	Prior [146] Saint- Jean, on the other hand, shuddered at the view, at the thoughts it suggested to him; thoughts of unhallowed wild places, where the old heathen had worshipped "stocks and stones," and where their wickedness might still survive them in something worse than mischievous tricks of nature, such as you might read of in Ovid, whose verses, however, he for his part had never so much as touched with a finger.	The space below has been lettered.	It must be admitted, however, that whereas Titian sometimes lost a little of himself in the greatness of his designs, or committed their execution, in part, to others, Moretto, in his work, is always all there--thorough, steady, even, in his workmanship.	Devilry, devil's work:--traces of such you might fancy were to be found in a certain manuscript volume taken from an old monastic library in France at the Revolution.	Raphael's sojourn there extends from his twenty-first to his twenty-fifth year.	But the loveliest subjects of this fine group of compositions are in the corners above, half-length, life-sized figures--Gaudioso, Bishop of Brescia, above Saint Jerome; above Alessandro, Saint Filippo Benizzi, meek founder of the Order of Servites to which that church at Brescia belonged, with his lily, and in the right hand a book; and what a book!	The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.	Great genius, we know, has the power of elevating, transmuting, serving itself by the accidental conditions about it, however unpromising--poverty, and the like.	Set side by side, then, with that portrait of Maddalena Doni, as forming together a measure of what he has learned at Florence, the "Madonna del Gran Duca," which still remains there.	And what we have here to note is its extraordinary power in himself.	Wordsworth.	The artist, as such, appears at Amiens, as elsewhere, in the thirteenth century; and, by making his personal way of conception and execution prevail there, renders his own work vivid and organic, and apt to catch the interest of other people.	His shout of laughter is turned in an instant to a cry of pain, of reproach; and in that which echoed it--an immense cry, as from the very heart of ancient tragedy, over the Picard wolds--it was as if that half-extinguished deity, its proper immensity, its old greatness and power, were restored for a moment.	For with this desire of physical beauty mingled itself early the fear of death--the fear of death [190] intensified by the desire of beauty.	It cannot be the pedant, or the conservative, or anything rash and irreverent.	You seem to find your hand on a serpent, in reading him.	But on the right hand, towards the east, as if with the set purpose of a striking architectural contrast, an instruction as to the place of this or that manner in the architectural series, the long, tunnel-like, military work of the Romanesque nave opens wide into the exhilarating daylight of choir and transepts, in the sort of Gothic Bernard would have welcomed, with a vault rising now high above the roof-line of the body of the church, sicut lilium excelsum.	And here again who would forego, in the spectacle of the religious history of the human soul, the aspects, the details which the doctrines of universal and particular grace respectively embody?	like the Middle Age, itself, with this multitude of soldiers mingling in the crowd which filled the unchanged, gabled streets.	Was it some periodic moment in the expansion of soul within him, or mere trick of heat in the heavily-laden summer air?	The subject, we may note, as we leave Perugia in Raphael's company, had been suggested by the famous mystic treasure of its cathedral church, the marriage ring of the Blessed Virgin herself.	Now and again Brother Apollyon descended nimbly to surprise them, at an opportune moment, by the display of an immense strength.	guesses the careless tourist.	Their work is to be looked for mainly in and about the two sub-alpine towns of Brescia and Bergamo; in the former of which it becomes definable as a school--the school of Moretto, in whom the perfected art of the later Renaissance is to be seen in union with a catholicism as convinced, towards the middle of the sixteenth century, as that of Giotto or Angelico.	A single picture, a single figure in a picture, signed and dated, over the altar of Saint Clement, in the Church of San Spirito, at Bergamo, might preserve the fame of Scipione Piazza, who did not live to be old.	He seemed to feel upon his shoulder just then the touch of his friend beside him.	HTML version by Al Haines.	In his infallible self- possession, you might even fancy him a mere man of the world, with a special aptitude for matters of fact.	Reprinted 1895 in Miscellaneous Studies.	Published in the Fortnightly Review, Dec. 1890, and now reprinted by the kind permission of the proprietors.	Though all alike would come at his call, or the sound of his harp, he had his preferences; and warred in the night-time, as if on principle, against the creatures of the day.	THE SCHOOL OF GIORGIONE.	The finely designed frames of iron for the support of the glass, in the windows from which even [117] this decoration is gone, still remain, to the delight of those who are knowing in the matter.	Merimee loved surprises in human nature, but it is not often that he surprises us by tenderness or generosity of character, as another master of French fiction, M. Octave Feuillet, is apt to do; and the simple pathos of Arsene Guillot gives it a unique place in Merimee's writings.	Say if you will, that he is under the power of an "embodied ideal," somewhat repellent, but which he cannot despise.	1.E.8.	Appeared in Fortnightly Review in Novermber, 1869.	It had been a brilliant personal history, in contact now and again with certain remarkable public events--a career religious yet mundane, you scarcely know which, so natural is the blending of lights, of interest in it.	If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.	Pascal was then aged thirty-nine--an age you may remember fancifully noted as fatal to genius.	The time it takes us, a rather conservative estimate, is fifty hours to get any etext selected, entered, proofread, edited, copyright searched and analyzed, the copyright letters written, etc.	Sandro Botticelli.	76.	It presented a strange example of a cold and very reasonable spirit disturbed suddenly, thrown off its balance, as by a violent beam, a blaze of new light, revealing, as it glanced here and there, a hundred truths unguessed at before, yet a curse, as it turned out, to its receiver, in dividing hopelessly against itself the well-ordered kingdom of his thought.	In this gracious presence we might think that, like Rubens also, he had been a courtier.	On a nearer view there is something unpretending, something pleasantly English, in the plain grey walls, pierced with long "lancet" windows, as if they overlooked the lowlands of Essex, or the meadows of Kent or Berkshire, the sort of country from which came those saintly exiles of our race who made the cloisters of Pontigny famous, and one of whom, Saint Edmund of Abingdon, Saint-Edme, still lies enshrined here.	*Published in Macmillan's Magazine, Aug. 1878.	Between its fingers steep dark lanes wind down into the olive gardens; on the finger-tips military and monastic builders had perched their towns.	1.C.	10.	We have here, in fact, the sort of intelligence to be found in Lessing, in Herder, in Hegel, in those who, by the instrumentality of an organised philosophic system, have comprehended in one view or vision what poetry has been, or what Greek philosophy, as great complex dynamic facts in the world.	A family name--he explains, good-humouredly; tries to tell some story no one could ever remember precisely of the ancestor from whom it came, the one story of the Uthwarts; is spared; nay!	[241] The delightful summer heat, the freshness it enhances--he contrasts such things no longer with the sort of place to which he is hastening.	Soft wintry auroras seemed to play behind whole pages of crabbed textual writing, line and figure [145] bending, breathing, flaming, in, to lovely "arrangements" that were like music made visible; till writing and writer changed suddenly, "to one thing constant never," after the known manner of madmen in such work.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	So he yielded himself easily to religious impressions, and with a kind of mystical appetite for sacred things; the more as they came to him through a saintly person who loved him tenderly, and believed that this early pre-occupation with them already marked the child out for a saint.	Un meme sens change selon les paroles qui l'expriment.	Like its majestic Cluniac rivals, the church has its western portico, elegant in structure but of comparatively humble [127] proportions, under a plain roof of tiles, pent-wise.	There was the promise of it, as you remember, in his very look as he saw himself at eighteen; and you know that the lesson, the prophecy of those holy women and children he has made his own, is that "the meek shall possess."	The storm which followed was still in possession, still moving tearfully among the poplar groves, though it had spent its heat and thunder.	But you saw also the green breadth of Normandy and Picardy, this way and that; felt on your face the free air of a still wider realm beyond what was seen.	Périer's "Life" is of a similar kind.	GREEK STUDIES.	Those who walk the pavement are all strangers: the islanders stand at their doors: every one seems to be on the watch, like a falcon on its nest.	In the execution of those works, of course, his antiquarian knowledge stood him in good stead; and here, above all, is the pledge of his immense understanding, at work on its own natural ground on a purely intellectual deposit, the apprehension, the transmission to others of complex and difficult ideas.	People have often tried to find a type of life that might serve as a basement type.	If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy.	Finally, the whole matter broke off with an unfinished word, as a later hand testified, adding the date of the author's death, "deliquio animi."	Saint Peter's, as you know, had an indirect connexion with the Teutonic reformation.	Falling in with the tide of its heroes returning to English shores, his vagrant footsteps are at last directed homewards.	The extreme purity of the outlines, both of the face and limbs, was such as is usually found only in quite early youth; the brow especially, under an abundance of fair hair, finely formed, not high, but arched and full, as is said to be the way with those who have the imaginative temper in excess.	My instructions were to remove this, at the express desire, as I understood, of the deceased, rather than to ascertain the precise cause of death.	And yet, after all, notwithstanding this assertion of the superiority (are we so to call it?)	But in this age of novelists, it is as a writer of novels, and of fiction in the form of highly descriptive drama, that he will count for most:--Colomba, for instance, by its intellectual depth of motive, its firmly conceived structure, by the faultlessness of its execution, vindicating the function of the novel as no tawdry light literature, but in very deed a fine art.	Not the saint only, the artist also, and the speculative thinker, confused, jarred, disintegrated in the world, as sometimes they inevitably are, aspire for this simplicity to the last.	From the profound slumber which had followed the excitements of yesterday, the Prior awoke amid the sound of voices, the voices of the peasants singing no Christian song, certainly, but a song which Apollyon himself had taught them, to dismiss him on his journey.	In their doctrine of "sufficient grace" the Jesuits had presented a view of the conflict of good and evil in the soul, which is honourable to God and encouraging to man, and which has catholicity on its face.	When [68] you have the like of that it is impossible not to laugh, parce que rien n'y porte davantage qu'une disproportion surprenante entre ce qu'on attend et ce qu'on voit.	Those pensive, tarnished, silver side-lights, like mere reflexions of natural sunshine, may be noticed indeed in many another painter of that day, in Lanini, for instance, at the National Gallery.	As he drove round a corner on the Seine side to cross the bridge at Neuilly, the horses were precipitated down the bank into the water.