Did not my reason argue in the old futile way from the little standard of the known?	The simile seemed to me at the time an exact parallel.	In some measure, too, it was a sort of relief to get up and make an excursion into the darkness for more wood.	I walked softly here and there, still puzzling over that odd sound of infinite pattering, and of that pressure upon the tent that had wakened me.	Nothing further came in to disturb me, and I fell asleep almost at once, utterly exhausted, yet still in dread of hearing again that weird sound of multitudinous pattering, or of feeling the pressure upon my heart that had made it difficult to breathe.	I stepped back just in time, and went on hunting for firewood again, half laughing at the odd fancies that crowded so thickly into my mind and cast their spell upon me.	At sunrise we'll be off full speed for Komorn.	I recalled the sound of infinite small patterings and the pressure upon the tent and upon my own heart that caused me to wake in terror.	"But what--" "And there's a tear in the bottom of the canoe," he added, with a genuine little tremor in his voice.	"All right," I managed to reply, simply breathless with his words and the strangeness of it all; "all right, I'll try, but tell me one more thing first.	The solitude of that Danube camping-place, can I ever forget it?	"And, for Heaven's sake," I went on, "don't keep pretending you hear things, because it only gives me the jumps, and there's nothing to hear but the river and this cursed old thundering wind."	He was more phlegmatic, for one thing.	We stood and stared.	It's coming this way!	Still half caught by the other branches, it would fall with the next gust and crush us, and meanwhile its leaves brushed and tapped upon the tight canvas surface of the tent.	"The steering paddle gone!"	It was the only thing to do: and the sound of my laughter also made me understand his.	And in the end our minds would succumb under the weight of the awful spell, and we should be drawn across the frontier into their world.	I cried; "it's boiling."	It seemed to me that he was gesticulating and making signs at us.	More often it hovered directly overhead like the whirring of wings.	His manner was different--a trifle excited, a trifle shy, with a sort of suspicion about his voice and gestures.	But there was that in his tone, and a certain look in his face as well, that conveyed to me more than his usual words, and in a flash I understood the real reason for his coming.	"It has that about it," he went on, "which is utterly out of common experience.	"Sheer madness!	We sat smoking in comparative silence, the strain growing every minute greater.	I gazed across the waste of wild waters; I watched the whispering willows; I heard the ceaseless beating of the tireless wind; and, one and all, each in its own way, stirred in me this sensation of a strange distress.	We had "strayed," as the Swede put it, into some region or some set of conditions where the risks were great, yet unintelligible to us; where the frontiers of some unknown world lay close about us.	We both missed, I think, the shouting company of the winds.	I was not altogether pleased, I remember, to recognize this slight change in him, and instead of immediately collecting sticks, I made my way to the far point of the island where the moonlight on plain and river could be seen to better advantage.	But--I see no chance of any other victim now."	I knew just as well as he did how impossible my explanation was.	I raked the fire together to prevent the darkness having everything its own way.	To me it gave the strange impression of being as large as several animals grouped together, like horses, two or three, moving slowly.	I ran up.	It was not then active fear, I think, but the very vagueness of its origin distressed me far more that if I had been able to ticket and face it squarely.	"Between us, we've managed to set them off on a false tack somewhere.	"Death, according to one's belief, means either annihilation or release from the limitations of the senses, but it involves no change of character.	It was drowned before.	Something more than the power of its mystery stirred in me as I lay on the sand, feet to fire, and peered up through the leaves at the stars.	Provided my experiences were not corroborated, I could find strength somehow to deny them, perhaps.	We can't stay now; we must strike camp this very instant and go on--down the river."	We were grubbing away in the middle of a thickish clump of willows where some driftwood from a former flood had caught high among the branches, when my body was seized in a grip that made me half drop upon the sand.	"Any wood left?"	It seemed to increase with the darkness, howling overhead and shaking the willows round us like straws.	I stammered, icy with the horror of his suggestion.	At first the water would have made the wood swell so as to close the hole, but once out in mid-stream the water must have poured in, and the canoe, never more than two inches above the surface, would have filled and sunk very rapidly.	"It comes from everywhere at once."	This man I had for years deemed unimaginative, stolid!	"What do you make of that?"	Had we launched out in her without observing it we must inevitably have foundered.	"It's gone.	Its thunder filled the air, and a fine spray made itself felt through my thin sleeping shirt.	"Yes," he said, "I know.	And altogether the fear that hovered about me was such an unknown and immense kind of fear, so unlike anything I had ever felt before, that it woke a sense of awe and wonder in me that did much to counteract its worst effects; and when I reached a high point in the middle of the island from which I could see the wide stretch of river, crimson in the sunrise, the whole magical beauty of it all was so overpowering that a sort of wild yearning woke in me and almost brought a cry up into the throat.	That afternoon, while the canoe dried and hardened, we spent trying to fish, testing the leak, collecting wood, and watching the enormous flood of rising water.	That stew-pot held sanity for us both, and the thought made me laugh.	A few feet beyond the circle of firelight it was inky black.	I listened carefully, striving to associate it with any known familiar sound I could think of, but without success.	he asked, watching me curiously.	Once alone with these perplexing evidences of personal agency, I think my first thoughts took the form of "One of us must have done this thing, and it certainly was not I."	Why, what's happened?"	We lay on the sandy patch beside the fire, smoking, listening to the noises of the night round us, and talking happily of the journey we had already made, and of our plans ahead.	The wind held many notes, rising, falling always beating out some sort of great elemental tune; whereas the river's song lay between three notes at most--dull pedal notes, that held a lugubrious quality foreign to the wind, and somehow seemed to me, in my then nervous state, to sound wonderfully well the music of doom.	I took both his hands in mine, kneeling down beside him and looking straight into his frightened eyes.	"And what do you propose?"	But it was the pain, he declared afterwards, that saved me; it caused me to forget them and think of something else at the very instant when they were about to find me.	"Have you never watched those little whirlwinds in the street that twist and twirl everything into a circle?	I crossed over to the farther shore and noted how the coast-line had altered in the night, and what masses of sand the river had torn away.	We picked it up, and during the process tripped more than once and caught our feet in sand.	You superstitious idolater!	The canoe still lay there as I had last seen her in the night, ribs uppermost, the paddles, or rather, the paddle, on the sand beside her.	"Otherwise imagination might count for much.	"I mean that so far, although aware of our disturbing presence, they have not found us--not 'located' us, as the Americans say," he went on.	Yet what I felt of dread was no ordinary ghostly fear.	My first instinct was to waken my companion, that he too might see them, but something made me hesitate--the sudden realization, probably, that I should not welcome corroboration; and meanwhile I crouched there staring in amazement with smarting eyes.	Yes, I was distinctly glad just then that the Swede was--what he was, and that he never made remarks that suggested more than they said.	III At length, after a long pause, he began to talk.	I cried.	An explanation of some kind was an absolute necessity, just as some working explanation of the universe is necessary--however absurd--to the happiness of every individual who seeks to do his duty in the world and face the problems of life.	He sank his voice again to a whisper before he finished, and I did not press him to explain.	I looked up at my friend opposite.