She changed her mind.	Upon detailed descriptions of these uncertain incidents I do not venture, individually so trivial, but taken all together so impressive and so insolent.	None conquered.	He is in it--but it's something more than that alone, something far bigger and more complicated."	I did not pretend to understand, but at least I could be patient.	I became more and more aware of its very real existence.	Her voice ceased a moment, as she turned and carefully drew the curtains together behind her, dosing them with one hand.	It is my habit to express my opinions audibly sometimes, when impressions are strong enough to warrant it; but now I only sighed "Oh, dear," as I extricated my legs from many rugs and went into the house.	There was no impatience even.	She had heard that awful sentence I had heard but heard it not for the first time; heard it, moreover, I verily believe, complete and to its dreadful end.	I made out the ivy trailing outside over one of the big windows ... and then the tall clock by the front door made a grating noise deep down inside its body--it was the Presentation clock, large and hideous, given by the congregation of his church--and, dreading the booming strike it seemed to threaten, I made a quick decision.	Up the stairs, then, I actually ran, two steps at a time.	I paused in my dangerous descent.	That queer symbolism in her paintings, pagan and yet not innocent, was, I understood, the result of mixture.	Frances--by the way she disappeared I knew it--had made a swift and violent movement into the darkness that was as though she sprang.	When I saw her talking --oh, with such correct and respectful mien--to Mrs. Franklyn, I had the feeling that for all her unaggressive attitude, she yet exerted some influence that sought to make her mistress stay in the building forever --live there.	She looked uncomfortable and ashamed; the color came and went a moment in he cheeks, making me think of a child detected in some secret naughtiness.	Even the terraces sloped ill, as though their ends had sagged since they had been so lavishly constructed; their varying angles gave a queerly bewildering aspect to their sequence that was unpleasant to the eye.	"Between the lines" of her letter came back to me.	They believed in everybody; their god's plan of life had no room in it for hell, damnation, and lakes of brimstone.	I can never forget the vivid, disagreeable effect it produced upon me.	I cannot say.	Perhaps, too, it was mere coincidence that I encountered Mrs. Marsh, his housekeeper, several times that evening in the short interval between tea and dinner, and that on each occasion the sight of this gaunt, half-saturnine woman fed my prejudice against her.	"It was more like distant thunder, we thought.	If I were to write about the place, I asked myself, how should I treat it?	She changed her stare from one eye to the other; it was absolutely expressionless.	She wanted our interpretations, as expressed in our respective "talents," painting and writing.	She raised her voice to its normal pitch again, as I had done.	I shivered in spite of my own "emancipated" cast of mind.	The one word a religious man loathes above all others!	I shall be away a week or two, possibly longer."	I murmured agreement.	I was even in something of a hurry to get down to The Towers as soon as possible.	"Their teachings are grand and simple--old as the world too, really--the basis of every religion before men's minds perverted them with their manufactured creeds--" Footsteps on the stairs, and the sound of voices, interrupted our odd impromptu conversation, as the Grenadier came up, followed by the tall, grave gentleman who was being shown over the house.	Had his predecessors, former occupants of this house, also preached damnation of all the world but their own exclusive sect?	The frank confession of course invited my own, as it was meant to do.	The front door was open and a cab stood in the drive; a tall, elderly man was gravely talking in the hall with the parlor maid we called the Grenadier.	Hope--an intolerable hope--I became startlingly aware--crowned torture.	Nothing in the garden danced or sang.	The emotion was in the tone of her voice that trembled; in the gesture she made, leaning forward and clasping both hands upon her knees, and in the slight blanching of her cheeks as her brave eyes asked the question and searched my own with anxiety that bordered upon panic.	It was the person who had opened the door.	They fluttered round this hidden thing of which they were aspects, fugitive interpretations, no one of them bringing complete revelation.	There was ice and terror in it.	And she laughed, with her lips but not with her eyes; there was a note of defiance in her I failed to understand.	She replied softly, never forgetting her place for an instant: "There is joy, sir--in 'eaven--over one sinner that repenteth, and in church there goes up prayer to Gawd for those 'oo--well, for the others, sir, 'oo--" She cut short her sentence thus.	No God worth worshipping could permit such cruelty.	"She thinks she has found a way out.	It was so soon over....	For I saw, as with the eyes of a child, what I can only call a goblin garden--house, grounds, trees, and flowers belonged to a goblin world that children enter through the pages of their fairy tales.	"Sleeping in a strange house," I answered at length, "is often difficult at first, and one feels lonely.	It seemed, perhaps, our long invitation was explained!	Then a half gesture that she made stopped me.	"But you wouldn't have them tortured forever because of one mistake in ignorance," I said, fixing her with my eye.	Lifeless, though, a little, perhaps, now that I came to think about it: she had made no definite impression upon me of any kind.	It was, rather, a vast, impersonal shrinking--a sympathetic shrinking--from the agony and terror that countless others, somewhere, somehow, felt for themselves.	The heavy pistol, knocking against my thigh as I moved, made me feel I was carrying a child's toy, foolishly.	She rose quietly as I turned the corner of the stairs, and asked me respectfully, her eyes cast down as usual, whether I had finished with the library, so that she might lock up.	"The Shadow," my thought hurried on to completion, "is a manifestation of hate; and hate is the Devil."	And my heart sank, my curiosity died away on the instant; I felt bored.	Why had Mrs. Franklyn asked us to come, artists, unbelieving vagabonds, types at the farthest possible remove from the saved sheep of her husband's household?	"There's wind about," I said, "wind in the trees and sweeping round the walls.	We can give it away, but--I must either accept or leave," and she repeated the shrugging gesture.	It will act as a solvent.	That it was mere pretence was neither here nor there.	Her mind no longer was her own.	I felt a storm of pity, an agony of bitter, futile hate sweep through me.	"Before they get her!	I remembered her injury, and by way of something to say, I enquired after it.	She stammered, as though the wrong sentence flustered her a second.	It was the time and scene, the inference, too, that made it so afflicting: the idea that Mabel believed herself so utterly and hopelessly lost-- beyond recovery damned.	There was a pause of perhaps a minute, and then we both spoke at once.	"Then why does nothing ever happen?"	The gravity, the note of hopelessness in her tones, was shocking.	I faced her.	"Fine, if true" I admitted, "very fine.	It would have given me pleasure to fire off all the five chambers of my pistol into the air above my head; the sound--a definite, wholesome sound that explained itself--would have been a positive relief.	But in spite of the twilight that half magnified, half obscured it, the identity was unmistakable.	I asked innocently.	It was this, and her lithe, quick movements that suggested a caged creature--a creature tamed by fear and cruelty that cloaked themselves in kindness--pacing up and down, unable to realize why it got no farther, but always met the same bars in exactly the same place.	The place is saturated by that appalling stream of thinking--the terror of the damned.	A wave of pity rushed suddenly over me.	"Sometimes they are mixed--and therefore false.	I remember the effort it cost me to leave the support of the wall and covering darkness of my corner, and step out into the grey light of the corridor.