Agamalov banged the thick end of his cue on the floor.	he screamed wildly.	"Wait and you shall hear why I came," shrieked Viaetkin, hiccupping and stumbling about the room.	The servant's sallow, sleepy face appeared at the wicket.	Slowly he turns towards his soldiers, whose eyes scintillate with rage at the insolent outrage that some one had dared to commit on their idolized Captain.	cried the soldiers, and held their guns aloft.	But none of all these martyrs ever entertained the thought of drawing a sword.	Shurochka, contorting her pretty face by a contemptuous grimace, said, in the careless tone she so often adopted-- "Of course, you can't do without that poison?"	asked Romashov, scowling and angry.	Sub-lieutenant Romashov, on being carried to his carriage, fell into a deep swoon, and died in five minutes through internal haemorrhage.	The plaintive, beseeching voice again replied, and spoke at some length.	"No, all this is non-Ego.	Stronger and stronger at every second grew the alluring influence of the parade march, and Romashov could hardly restrain his feelings any longer.	Instead of acknowledging in a straightforward and honourable way that you no longer love me, you have preferred to cloak your treachery and treat me like a vulgar harlot, reasoning, I suppose, like this: 'If it does not come off with the other, I always have her, you know.'	From the luxuriant, slumbering grass arose the icy-cold gravestones, simple, unadorned, like each other, and casting behind them long, narrow shadows.	After saluting the three officers, Romashov sat down by Lieschtschenko, who courteously made room for him, as with a deep sigh he fixed his sorrowful and friendly, dog-like eyes on him.	But to Romashov, who sat idle under arrest, Sunday brought neither joy nor repose.	It seemed to Romashov as if a white spectre had quickly fluttered past one of the house's dark windows.	Nearer and nearer to Romashov sounded the jubilant notes of the parade march.	In the 2nd Company the soldiers did not even know the Lord's Prayer.	We never saw one another afterwards.	Viaetkin conducted the singing, standing on a table in the middle of the room, whilst stretching his arms in an attitude of benediction over the heads of the "congregation."	Nothing."	A pleasant story and one to read."	These spoilt favourites of fortune had long since had more than enough of parades, reviews, and the boundless enthusiasm of little, insignificant infantry officers, and Romashov felt in his heart a bitter, rebellious feeling at the thought that these superior people belonged to a world quite beyond his reach.	Epidemic diseases ravaged his fowl-house, his numerous rooms stood unlet for long periods; his boarders grumbled at their bad food and refused to pay.	But to get on with the story, Lieutenant Bobetinski took up the debate and demanded _blood_.	I am now testing a new siphon.	The young officers had, whilst the camp was on, according to the regulations, to live in wooden barracks near their respective companies; but Romashov continued to enjoy his own dwelling in the town, as the officers' barracks of the 6th Company had long been in a ruinous and uninhabitable condition, on account of there being no money available for repairs.	Hainán pointed with his fingers to the stove-corner, where a bust of Pushkin was standing on the floor.	In his nervous excitement the General pulled in the reins and shouted over Osadchi's head, in an angry voice, to the commander of the regiment-- "Colonel, get this company out of my way.	"That last referred to me," thought Romashov, and he fancied he felt all the glances of those present turned towards him at once.	Now, can this be called war when you fire a couple of shots at the enemy at a distance of fifteen _versts_, and then return home in triumph as a hero?	"Your hand.	But Romashov is lying in his coffin, cold and still, with an everlasting smile on his lips.	This wonderful and imposing manner of moving along the ground excited not only much interest, but also a certain envy among the other captains of companies.	With loud, but not quite natural, peals of laughter, the lot now rushed into the room.	"What do you really mean by war nowadays?	I have come, Colonel, to----" "Of course you have heard the rumour that our regiment is to be moved to garrison another town," interrupted Rafalski, in a tone as if he had only resumed a conversation just dropped.	_Au revoir._ You see--I had nobody else to talk to and my heart is heavy."	Oh, you youngsters!	Captain Osadchi, commander of the 1st Company, approached from the buffet.	It sounds as if she had a chronic cold or a polypus in her nose--'by buther was a Greek.'"	There still remained some three hundred yards before they came to the town.	"Hainán, my clothes."	"Oh, I beg your pardon--will you have some tea?"	They may think what they please about it.	Do you understand?	"We-ll!	No one but yourself.	"Of course, I remember," mumbled Romashov insincerely.	Gentlemen"--Osadchi arose in all his gigantic stature and in his terrible voice insolence and cold-bloodedness reigned--"gentlemen, I know that from your military colleges have issued morbid, crazy phrases about what's called 'humanity in war,' etc., etc.	Again he tried to tear himself away from her arms, but she would not let him go.	"Ah-ah!	In that moment he saw himself from outside, as it were--his awful goloshes, his cloak, pale face, stiff, angular figure--and experienced a feeling of shame and indignation at the thought of the bombastic, romantic phrase he had just applied to himself.	Who saddled me with you?	"Yes, my friend, it is a fairy-tale."	The winding steps, worn by foot-passengers, cut through a large field of white beet.	And suddenly I quite forgot what the word itself meant.	"'Brehm' is a fine fellow.	Corporal punishment--nay, even threats and insulting words--were strictly forbidden in his company, although, as far as that goes, there was by no means any coddling of the men, who, however, in appearance, and readiness, and capability, were not inferior to any company of guardsmen in existence.	"You're right," agreed Viaetkin, "bar that frightful smell."	"Get on with the lesson."	Ah, wait.	"Even if such had been the case I might well have chosen a better and more worthy object than you," replied Raisa, in a haughty and scornful tone.	Who is there then to raise up, instruct, and console the brutally used slave, Khliabnikov, and say to him, "Shake hands with me, brother"?	"Beloved?"	Whilst Shurochka turned towards him, she, silently and with a passionate smile, held forward her glass of white wine.	At 10.30 a.m. the commander of the regiment arrived.	No, never.	he whispered with moist eyes.	He was just one of those gentle and simple old fogies who had risen from the ranks during a time of war, and, as I believe, belonged at the start to what we call Kantonists.	Nearly all the chairs round the long oilcloth-covered table were engaged.	A few little Jewish children ran, squealing, along the path.	Again were heard the scraping of the violin and the tambourine's blustering noise.	There still remained the grand march past, and the parade.	"Why didn't you come this morning and taste our pasty?"	Immediately afterwards the door was flung wide open, and Viätkin rolled into Romashov's room with a loud peal of laughter.	One of the "partners" had now gone so far as to pirouette on the floor with nothing but his shirt on.	Now, this was precisely the General's hobby; he had published independently copious instructions on this, in which he pointed out minutely the vital importance of the troops' mobility and quickness, and of their leader's resolution and deliberation.	Osadchi, with teeth clenched, groaned like a wild beast.	Oh!	Her husband, who was glancing through the regimental orders that had just come in, suddenly called out-- "Just listen!