You will then fight with a man already dead if you so elect; but otherwise--if you attempt to flee this place, if you decline to cross swords with a lackey, with a convicted thief, with a suspected murderer, I swear upon my mother's honour!	3.	If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.	It was Perion who spoke first.	He loved at odd times many women.	"Well, they tell me the landlord of that place is used to cater to each according to his merits," the bishop, shrugging, returned.	Demetrios had untethered his horse, had thrown away his sword and other armour, and had torn his garments; afterward he rolled in the first puddle he discovered.	Therefore Sire Perion hid away these emeralds against future need--under an oak in Sannazaro, he told me.	But you do not know Euripides?--a fidgety-footed liar, Messire the Comte, who occasionally blunders into the clumsiest truths.	She spoke later without any apparent emotion.	Demetrios wrenched the sword from its scabbard, with a hard violence that made Melicent recoil.	VIII.	Demetrios deplored the loss of a formidable adversary, and jeered at the fact that the vicarship of heaven had been settled by six hens.	For the sake of that boy who is dead--as you tell me--you may honourably accept of me a horse, arms, and a purse, because I loved that boy after my fashion."	Here were anguishes to be endured, and time and human frailty and temporal hardship--all for love to mock at; a sea or two for love to sever, a man-made law or so for love to override, a shallow wisdom for love to deny, in exultance that these ills at most were only corporal hindrances.	cried Perion, "and I am not afraid."	Ahasuerus shrugged so patiently that she was half afraid.	With set teeth he followed in the wake of his taciturn companion.	Here at last, I thought, is genuine common-sense--a clear-headed decision as to your actual desire, apart from man-taught ethics, and fearless purchase of your desire at any cost.	My dear, believe me!	Yet I do not know that my love for her is any greater than my hatred.	A tiny lamp glowed in her hand quite steadily.	now barter with me, O Father of us all!	And each lusted for a contest, and with something of mutual comprehension.	That is an admirable colour.	"The Splendour of the World desires your presence, madame."	"This is hardly an opportunity for theological debate," Perion considered.	I do accept it gladly.	You will remember that this same fidelity has touched me to such an extent that I am granting you an interview with your former master.	"So, so!"	"The King has spoken," Perion replied.	16.	"Ay, Periori," she wisely answered, "for the spring is at hand, intent upon an ageless magic.	I was once tempted much as you are tempted.	I cannot recompense you, since God alone is omnipotent.	you who have lopped the right arm of heathenry!	"These reflections are not to the purpose," Bracciolini submitted, and continued his argument: "In that event Messire de la Forêt will undoubtedly be moved by your fidelity in having sought out him whom all the rest of the world has forsaken.	He knew as much.	I am the luckier, who may not ever lose the Perion that to-day is mine alone.	Her wide-open eyes implored you, but only as those of a trapped animal beseech the mercy for which it does not really hope.	He was very handsome as he stood in that still place where everything excepting him was red and gold.	She motioned him, "Go on."	And Perion, strong man, the willing scourge of heathendom, had half a mind to weep.	"To stir up all this butchery again!"	Thus the Jew blandly spoke.	"Since Love has taken up his abode within my heart," said Perion, "there has not ever been a vacancy therein for any other thought.	"Here is my match," thought each of these two; "here, if the world affords it, is my peer in cunning and bravery."	Demetrios saw as much, noted how the colour in her cheeks augmented delicately, how her eyes grew kindlier.	One of the soldiers spoke.	"And my fate, too.	I bear my former general no grudge.	That is a pity, but I can have one plucked out.	_How Women Talked Together_ Dame Melicent walked proudly through the Women's Garden, and presently entered a grove of orange trees, the most of which were at this season about their flowering.	"Choose now!	"O Melicent," he harshly said, "let us have done with lies!	"This blusterer holds me as in a vise."	"I know nothing as to this Perion you tell me of.	She took a ring of diamonds from her hand, and placed it on his little finger, because the others were too large.	She had a sweet, shrill voice.	And even at lying I fail."	"Now that we have our audience," Demetrios said, "come, let the games begin."	but here is an odd evincement of gratitude!"	Said he, "What instruments we use at need!"	Take me with you."	The keys, as Demetrios reflected, were luckily attached to the belt of this writhing thing, and in consequence had not jangled on the floor.	"And I was wondering always how I would feel were you nailed in his place.	"Let us have patience!"	"My son Orestes, who will presently succeed me, has been summoned.	Theodoret is quite resolved to make of me a candle which will light his way to heaven."	And my reason is that a man throws from the elbow only, but a woman with her whole arm."	She sat erect in bed and saw him cowering over a lamp which his long glistening fingers shielded, so that the lean face of the man floated upon a little golden pool in the darkness.	I hoped in vain.	9.	"And I lack time to weep," said Melicent.	It is upon this darker and rebellious side of _domnei_, of a religion pathetically dragged dustward by the luxuriance and efflorescence of over-passionate service, that Nicolas has touched in depicting Demetrios.	Her hair blazed in the light, bright as the sunflower glows; her skin was whiter than milk; the down of a fledgling bird was not more grateful to the touch than were her hands.	He frowned and sent spies into Christendom.	It was a warm, clear night, so brilliant that the stars were invisible.	I think it is as difficult to believe in sorcery as it is to be entirely sure that all we know is not the sorcery of a drunken wizard.	It were as easy to evoke the Perion who had loved Melusine.... Then Perion perceived that love may be a power so august as to bedwarf consideration of the man and woman whom it sways.	She turned toward Perion without any haste or surprise, and Perion saw that this woman was Dame Mélusine, whom he had loved to his own hurt (as you have heard) when Perion served King Helmas.	She was considering the beauty of these gardens which seemed to sleep under a dome of hard, polished blue--the beauty of this cloistered Nacumera, wherein so many infamies writhed and contended like a nest of little serpents.	I do not understand this mania; I would I might have known it, none the less.