he whispered.	Tilled fields showed here and there, no larger in appearance than so many outspread handkerchiefs.	What child would not amuse herself with such engaging toys?	"Fergus," Mr. Sheridan observed, as they chatted over their dessert concerning famous gems--in which direction talk had been adroitly steered"--Fergus, since we are on the topic, I would like to show Miss Ogle the Honor of Eiran."	I merely came to steal the famous diamond which you brought from London--the Honor of Eiran."	It is true Lord Lansdowne has promised me a registrarship in the Admiralty Court, and I do not think he will fail me.	I am the first to tender my congratulations.	"And, besides, he thinks you mean to marry her!"	Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.	Robin, I love you better than I do this talk of honor!	.	They are from Bow Street.	JUDITH'S CREED "_It does not appear that the age thought his works worthy of posterity, nor that this great poet himself levied any ideal tribute on future times, or had any further prospect than of present popularity and present profit.	"The pig--he whimsically called the pig Corinna, sir, in honor of that imaginary mistress to whom he addressed so many verses--why, the pig also has disappeared.	I do not know.	Then alone I wish to do praiseworthy things, to be all which the boy we know of should have grown to.	You seek a master-poet?	Yet, what the devil!	"Well----?"	he said:  "Young Quiney is a so-so choice, since women must necessarily condescend to intermarrying with men.	Sir Thomas Browne, that ardent amateur of the curious, came into Devon, however, without the risk of incurring any such fate, inasmuch as the knight traveled westward simply to discuss with Master Philip Borsdale the recent doings of Cardinal Alioneri.	Eh, eh!	"Duke Alessandro," he returned, his dark eyes strangely mirthful, "is, as I take it, a catholic lover of beauty in all its forms.	A gentleman does not incommode the public by obtruding the ugliness of a personal wound.	So he means to have you tried like any common thief while all your quondam friends sit and snigger.	"No possible antics would astonish me on the part of that unvenerable madman.	But here are only you and I and the master of all ceremony.	she flouted him.	.	Mr. Wycherley, upon mature deliberation, wore the green suit with yellow ribbons, since there was a ball that night in honor of his nearing marriage, and a confluence of gentry to attend it.	This statement Lady Drogheda afforded the commentary of a grimace.	Si, taisez-vous!	"Perhaps I might escape."	Whereupon Pope bowed low, wheeled, walked away.	"I am so hopelessly light-minded that I cannot refrain from being rational even in matters which concern me personally--and this, of course, no normal being ever thinks of doing.	loved you as people love where I was born!"	We will agree that I bereave some person of either stolen or unearned property, say, to the value of L10,000----" And with his usual carefulness in such matters, Mr. Sheridan entered the wager in his notebook.	Such grounds as yet exist for hopefulness on the part of those who cordially care for _belles lettres_ are to be found elsewhere than in the crowded market-places of fiction, where genuine intelligence panders on all sides to ignorance and indolence.	You have done what you most desired to do.	.	"To the one hunger which is vital!"	Yet Umfraville was treated infamously.	He had no longer any dread of hell, because he thought that, a little later, nothing its shrewdest overseer could plan would have the power to vex him.	.	So, let's pretend, Pauline, that we are not a bit more worldly-wise than those youngsters who are frisking yonder in the Gymnasium--for, upon my word, I dispute if we have ever done anything to suggest that we are.	We have our code, and we may not infringe upon it.	And it seemed to Mr. Wycherley that he had gone divinely mad.	I love you.	"How does that matter?"	"I comprehend.	They found this Hughes with one arm about the neck of Mistress Drew, and the other held over her face, as if to screen her from the lightning.	Oh, everything is in a mist of gold, and I am afraid of you, and of the big universe which I was born into, and I am helpless, and I would have nothing changed!	He also left the clothes he was wearing--in a rather peculiarly constructed heap, as you can see.	Now the poet's lean countenance was turned upon young Calverley, and as always, Ufford evoked that nobility in Calverley which follies veiled but had not ever killed.	Nourishment for much wildish speculation, in fact, can be got by considering what the world's literature would be, had its authors restricted themselves, as do we Americans so sedulously--and unavoidably--to writing of contemporaneous happenings.	What really matters is that there is so much faith and love and kindliness which we can share with and provoke in others, and that by cleanly, simple, generous living we approach perfection in the highest and most lovely of all arts.	She would have spared Mr. Wycherley that had she but known him to be within earshot.	"They first saw a little smoke.	Each had forgotten that unhappiness existed anywhere in the whole world.	But for the rest, take notice both of you, I mean to lie intrepidly."	"The patriarch, as I recall, was blessed for acting as he did.	for to the eye at least is she not perfect?"	Until a certain politician who had been privy to this pious fraud----"  The tutor shrugged.	They stood thus for a while.	The two witnesses of Herrick's agony did not stir during the instant wherein the frenzied man stooped, moving stiffly like an ill-made toy, and took up the knife.	Afterward Dr. Herrick appears to have diverted himself by taking away the mats and chalking geometrical designs upon the floor, as well as by burning some sort of incense in this brasier."	The crows whom his passing disturbed were too sluggish for long flights and many of them did not heed him at all.	Then the woman said:  "Last night Lord Remon asked me to marry him, and I declined the honor.	And it is tolerably notorious that Pevensey is in Lord Bute's pay, and that our Scottish Mortimer, to do him justice, does not permit his spies to be injured."	"Because it proves that misery loves company," was Mr. Fox's observation at Wattier's, hard upon two in the morning.	"Oh, William," Lady Drogheda bewailed, "it is all so big--the incurious west, and the sea, and these rocks that were old in Noah's youth,--and we are so little----!"	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.	"It is unbefitting and it is a little cowardly for a prince to shirk the duties of his station.	"But this, I think, evades our bargain, Mr. Sheridan.	"You will never understand.	Such is the gentle custom of your Christian country when a prince is murdered.	To-day he is quite dead.	*     *     *     *     *     *   Now, you shrewd judges, who the boxes sway,   Leading the ladies' hearts and sense astray,   And for their sakes, see all and hear no play;   Correct your cravats, foretops, lock behind:   The dress and breeding of the play ne'er mind;   For the coarse dauber of the coming scenes   To follow life and nature only means,   Displays you as you are, makes his fine woman   A mercenary jilt and true to no man,   Shows men of wit and pleasure of the age   Are as dull rogues as ever cumber'd stage.	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	.	Now the poet's lean countenance was turned upon young Calverley, and as always, Ufford evoked that nobility in Calverley which follies veiled but had not ever killed.	Out, out, and die!"	And so, I make what you call 'sugar-candy dolls,' because I very potently believe that all of us are sweet at heart.