I hope he is not going to sell the Correggios!” she exclaimed.	Nothing has two meanings with him like with Mr. Carruthers.	Oh!” “As for that”--and she puffed smoke--“husbands are a race apart--there are men, women, and husbands, and if they pay bills, and shoot big game in Africa, it is all one ought to ask of them; to be able to see jokes is superfluous.	I have got a chill too,” she said.	“You won’t have anyone else’s kisses ever again, in this world, and that I tell you,” he said, through his teeth.	No look more kind could be expressed in a human countenance than is expressed in hers.	Alas, as yet I know not.	I _don’t_ wonder she prefers--Lord Robert.	I saw some splendid specimens marching once in Edinburgh, and they swung their skirts just like the beautiful ladies in the Bois, when Mademoiselle and I went out of the Allée Mrs. Carruthers told us to try always to walk in.	He is probably saying to himself he is well out of the business--now I have gone.	“You know what?” he looked up, startled; then he took my hand again, and sat close to me.	Once you’re married, everything nice is wrong!” “Evangeline!	I do wonder what she will think of my marriage with Christopher.	The rain came on, and poured, and beat against the window-panes with a sudden angry thud.	“Miss Travers--please--” he implored, but I walked on up the next flight, and Lady Ver put her hand on his arm, and drew him down with her, and as I got up to the fourth floor I heard the front door shut.	Why he had not taken me for some tramp too, and passed on, I don’t know.	Absolutely disgraceful behaviour in the Park; we might have been Susan Jane and Thomas Augustus, and yet I was perfectly happy, and felt it was the only natural way to sit.	Only you sha’n’t have him, Snake-girl!	“Good-night!” I called softly, as I got to the top, and laughed a little--I don’t know why.	“Where do you get them from?	“Then you are a very casual guest, not consulting the pleasure of your host.” I said nothing; I only looked at him over my shoulder, as I went down the marble steps--looked at him, and laughed as on the night before.	He has the most charming way of making one feel that one knows him very well, he looks at one every now and then straight in the eyes, with astonishing frankness.	That next day after I last wrote, it poured with rain, and every one came down cross to breakfast.	“It keeps Charlie always devoted,” she said, “because he realizes he owns what the other men want.” She says, too, that all male creatures are fighters by nature, they don’t value things they obtain easily, and which are no trouble to keep.	I got up off the floor and went to the window and back.	; they are because we cannot have what we want, or keep what we have,” and she sighed.	“Now say you will not hurt me!” “I should not hurt anyone,” I said, “unless they hurt me first--and I like you--you are so pretty.” “That is all right,” she said, “then we are comrades.	“No, Robert, I am going home to bed.	The guests will enjoy it!	“Oh!	I fell into a kind of blissful dream, and then I roused myself up to read Lady Merrenden’s.	She was so good to me, and talked in the nicest way.	It will be dreadfully difficult to tease Robert, because he is so direct and simple; but I must try I suppose.	He has a giggle right up in the treble, and it comes out at such unexpected moments, when there is nothing to laugh at.	“Yes--e--s,” said my old Colonel.	He seemed much more _empressé_ with her than he generally does.	Perhaps we could discover some kith and kin for you.” “My mother was called Miss Tonkins,” I said.	I suppose Mr. Carruthers won’t come until about four, an hour more to be got through.	I determined to forget you, and put you out of my life--you are most unsuitable to me, you know, but as soon as I see you I am filled with only one desire.	Lady Katherine behaved so well, and talked charities and politics faster than ever, and did not give them time for any further outburst, though I fancy I heard a few “dams” mixed with the “bur-r-r-rs,” and not without the “n” on just for ornament, like Lord Robert’s.	It is then when I suppose it shows if one’s head is screwed on firmly, and mine wasn’t to-night.	“You are joking, of course.” “I am not joking.	I did long to say it was because I had promised Lady Ver I would not play with him that I was not talking to him now like the afternoon before.	He changed--so very little, it was not a start, or a wince even--just enough for me to know he felt what I said.	“And I am leaving this house at a quarter to seven.	A figure appeared in the distance--we started apart.	“Oh no, I don’t think so--at least there is no ‘n’ to the end of the ‘dams,’ so they are only an innocent ornament to conversation.	“Won’t you play us something?” Lady Katherine asked, plaintively.	When will you marry me?” “I shall marry you--never, Mr. Carruthers,” I said, “unless I get into an old maid soon, and no one else asks me.	Lady Katherine was like ice.	“I do feel a wretch leaving you, but to-morrow I will really try and amuse you.	She spoke respectfully in French, and asked me if I had made my plans yet, for, as she explained to me, her own position seemed precarious, and yet having been with me for five years, she did not feel she could leave me at a juncture like this.	“Good-bye,” I called, and without waiting to see Lady Ver he tramped down the stairs and away.	As we walked alone I tried to tell him it was impossible, that I must go back to Christopher, that Lady Ver would think I had broken my word about it.	“I am tired of every one, even as tiny a thing as Malcolm Montgomerie gets odd like this!” He leant back and laughed, and then said angrily, “Impertinence!	“Now I think we have demolished all your silly little reasons for making me miserable,” he said.	When I was “Miss Travers” and he “Lord Robert,” he was always respectful and unfamiliar--except that one night when rage made him pinch my finger!	How exquisitely groomed he is, and one could see at a glance _his_ mother had not been a housemaid.	She clasped her hands passionately.	“I hate snakes.” She took her cigarette out of her mouth, and looked at me for some seconds.	“He looked cross and ill.” “Ill!” she said, with a shade of anxiety.	“Evangeline, what _have_ you been doing?” she asked, when I got into her room, where her maid was settling her veil before the glass, and trembling over it--Lady Ver is sometimes fractious with her, worse than I am with Véronique, far.	“I am too awfully sorry!” Lord Robert said.	But I do wonder why it is wrong to look pretty in bed,--considering nobody sees one, too!	He would eat me up, and then go back to Paris to the lady he loves--but I should have the life I like--and the Carruthers’ emeralds are beautiful--and I love Branches--and--and---- “Her ladyship would like to see you, Miss,” said a footman.	He came over close to me.	On two evenings Lady Ver has been out with numbers of regrets at leaving me behind, and I have gathered she has seen Lord Robert, but he has not been here--I am glad to say.	They are a washy blue, with the family white eyelashes (how different to Lord Robert’s!).	“He walks me round the golf course in the park, and gives me advice.” “Confounded impertinence!” said Lord Robert.	“And don’t you love her red hair?” “It is beautiful,” said Lady Merrenden.	It was not well worded, and I had never cared much for Lady Katherine, but it was fairly kind, and fitted in perfectly with my plans.	It is stupid and silly, and makes one’s nose red, but I felt like crying a little before I got into bed.	“Evangeline, dear, you are very young, so you probably cannot understand,” Mary said, “but I consider this garment not in any way fit for a girl--or for any good woman for that matter.	There had been music and bridge, and other boring diversions happening, but I sat still.	(Of course I would not allow her to see I minded that.)	No one could have felt gay with them.	She really looks a little frumpish out of doors, and perhaps that is why papa went on to Mrs. Carruthers.	I do love that look, with a tiny waist and nice shoulders, and looking as if he were as lithe as a snake, and yet could break pokers in half like Mr. Rochester in “Jane Eyre”!	Oh!	The breakfasts there don’t shine, and porridge is pressed upon people by Mr. Montgomerie.	I tell you I will not let you go.	and his eyes were quite wobblish!	He walked across the room and back.