Your Tyrrhenian father did not beget you to be as inaccessible as Penelope to your wooers.	The attending of the levee of a friend in power seems delightful to the unexperienced; the experienced dreads it.	"Who then is free?	Whatever is in the earth, time will bring forth into open day light; will bury and hide things, that now shine brightest.	No, you will seek occasion when you may be again in terror, and again may be likely to perish.	When this, mingled with shredded herbs, has boiled, and sprinkled with Corycian saffron, has stood, you shall over and above add what the pressed berry of the Venafran olive yields.	TO PHIDYLE.	As lately, when the Neptunian admiral, driven from the sea, and his navy burned, fled, after having menaced those chains to Rome, which, like a friend, he had taken off from perfidious slaves.	The cursed gnats, and frogs of the fens, drive off repose.	"Tolerably well," say I, "as times go; and I wish you every thing you can desire."	You sleep upon your bags, heaped up on every side, gaping over them, and are obliged to abstain from them, as if they were consecrated things, or to amuse yourself with them as you would with pictures.	Fill up the polished bowls with care-dispelling Massic: pour out the perfumed ointments from the capacious shells.	I will also show myself deserving of the honor of being grateful.	To lose one's good name, to squander a father's effects, is in all cases an evil.	In the mean time the suspended tapestry made a heavy downfall upon the dish, bringing along with it more black dust than the north wind ever raises on the plains of Campania.	TO THE ROMANS.	What, would you be such a fool as to be ambitious that your verses should be taught in petty schools?	Tell me, which maxim and conduct of the two you approve; or, since you are my junior, hear the reason why Aristippus' opinion is preferable; for thus, as they report, he baffled the snarling cynic: "I play the buffoon for my own advantage, you [to please] the populace.	But thou art continually pursuing Mystes, who is taken from thee, with mournful measures: nor do the effects of thy love for him cease at the rising of Vesper, or when he flies the rapid approach of the sun.	For I have learned [from Epicurus], that the gods dwell in a state of tranquillity; nor, if nature effect any wonder, that the anxious gods send it from the high canopy of the heavens.	Dispel gloominess from your forehead: the modest man generally carries the look of a sullen one; the reserved, of a churl.	when every body is afraid for himself, [lest he should be the next,] and hates you, though he is not meddled with.	Sometimes he delights to lie under an aged holm, sometimes on the matted grass: meanwhile the waters glide along in their deep channels; the birds warble in the woods; and the fountains murmur with their purling streams, which invites gentle slumbers.	"There is no need for your being carried so much about: I want to see a person, who is unknown to you: he lives a great way off across the Tiber, just by Caesar's gardens."	_Priapus complains that the Esquilian mount is infested with the incantations of sorceresses_.	Well, suppose I should say to you: receive this, which you can never repay: will you be a madman, if you receive it; or would you be more absurd for rejecting a booty, which propitious Mercury offers?	What--is it fitting that, in every thing Maecenas does, you, who are so very much unlike him and so much his inferior, should vie with him?	At Rome, you long for the country; when you are in the country, fickle, you extol the absent city to the skies.	If you are disposed to be of service to your friends, and to treat yourself with somewhat more indulgence, you, being poor, must pay your respects to the great.	when she strives to lay her furious rage with impossibilities; now she has no longer the advantage of moist cosmetics, and her color appears as if stained with crocodile's ordure; and now, in wild impetuosity, she tears her bed, bedding, and all she has.	The matrons are in dread of you on account of their young ones; the thrifty old men are in dread of you; and the girls but just married are in distress, lest your beauty should slacken [the affections of] their husbands.	He basks in the charming cheeks of the blooming Chia, who is a proficient on the lyre.	Not amiss [answered] Telemachus, son of the patient Ulysses: "The country of Ithaca is not proper for horses, as being neither extended into champaign fields, nor abounding with much grass: Atrides, I will leave behind me your gifts, [which are] more proper for yourself."	Moreover, that I may advise you (if in aught you stand in need of an adviser), take great circumspection what you say to any man, and to whom.	What thyme are you busy hovering about?	Evoe!	But what could Typhoeus, and the strong Mimas, or what Porphyrion with his menacing statue; what Rhoetus, and Enceladus, a fierce darter with trees uptorn, avail, though rushing violently against the sounding shield of Pallas?	Sicilian dainties will not force a delicious relish to that man, over whose impious neck the naked sword hangs: the songs of birds and the lyre will not restore his sleep.	Wherever I have a fancy, I walk by myself: I inquire the price of herbs and bread; I traverse the tricking circus, and the forum often in the evening: I stand listening among the fortune-tellers: thence I take myself home to a plate of onions, pulse, and pancakes.	You entertained lofty Caesar, seeking to put an end to his toils, in the Pierian grotto, as soon as he had distributed in towns his troops, wearied by campaigning: you administer [to him] moderate counsel, and graciously rejoice at it when administered.	What--when mad Agave carries the amputated head of her unhappy son, does she then seem mad to herself?	Not that I bear an ill-will against Livy's epics, and would doom them to destruction, which I remember the severe Orbilius taught me when a boy; but they should seem correct, beautiful, and very little short of perfect, this I wonder at: among which if by chance a bright expression shines forth, and if one line or two [happen to be] somewhat terse and musical, this unreasonably carries off and sells the whole poem.	This too is of service; but to storm [the capital] itself excels this method by far.	Was it not bravely done by him, who carried his point?	Whereupon, "This," says the master, "was caught when pregnant; which, after having young, would have been less delicate in its flesh."	We are arrived at the highest pitch of success [in arts]: we paint, and sing, and wrestle more skillfully than the annointed Greeks.	Is this agreeable?	If you can repose yourself as my guest upon Archias' couches, and are not afraid to make a whole meal on all sorts of herbs from a moderate dish; I will expect you, Torquatus, at my house about sun set.	I, a plebeian, make no further inquiry.	_He apologizes for the liberties taken by satiric poets in general, and particularly by himself_.	Then those delicacies, perpetually taken, pall upon the stomach; and your mistaken feet refuse to support your sickly body.	Now, because, Maecenas, I am a constant guest of yours; but formerly, because a Roman legion was under my command, as being a military tribune.	The example that is imitable in its faults, deceives [the ignorant].	"O citizens, citizens, money is to be sought first; virtue after riches:" this the highest Janus from the lowest inculcates; young men and old repeat these maxims, having their bags and account-books hung on the left arm.	I long to know, Julius Florus, in what regions of the earth Claudius, the step-son of Augustus, is waging war.	Tell me, pray is the Roscian law best, or the boy's song which offers the kingdom to them that do right, sung by the manly Curii and Camilli?	This custom [of warfare] never obtained even among either wolves or savage lions, unless against a different species.	As if you had occasion for no more than a pitcher or glass of water, and should say, "I had rather draw [so much] from a great river, than the very same quantity from this little fountain."	how indiscreetly do we ordain a severe law against ourselves!	She attacks even my loathings in the most angry terms:--"You are always less dull with Inachia than me: in her company you are threefold complaisance; but you are ever unprepared to oblige me in a single instance.	I suppose, then, you will be afraid [for the future]; and, being warned, will be cautious.	But, "You know me," says he: "I am a man of learning."	At these words, the boy no longer [attempted], as before, to move the impious hags by soothing expressions; but, doubtful in what manner he should break silence, uttered Thyestean imprecations.	I did not behave myself in that manner at Troy, contending always with the best.	Since then nor Phrygian marble, nor the use of purple more dazzling than the sun, nor the Falernian vine, nor the Persian nard, composes a troubled mind, why should I set about a lofty edifice with columns that excite envy, and in the modern taste?	When you have a mind to laugh, you shall see me fat and sleek with good keeping, a hog of Epicurus' herd.	Learned Catius, entreated by our friendship and the gods, remember to introduce me to an audience [with this great man], whenever you shall go to him.	*       *       *       *       * ODE II.	*       *       *       *       * ODE XIII.	"As you please: you leave them to be devoured to-day by the hogs."	Are you ignorant, that you are the wife of the invincible Jove?	Do ye depart one way, and ye another, having exchanged the parts [you are to act] in life.	He _(Regulus)_ is reported to have rejected the embrace of his virtuous wife and his little sons like one degraded; and to have sternly fixed his manly countenance on the ground, until, as an adviser, by his counsel he confirmed the wavering senators, and amid his weeping friends hastened away, a glorious exile.	But you, says he, delight to hurt people, and this you do out of a mischievous disposition.	For neither can Diana free the chaste Hippolytus from infernal darkness; nor is Theseus able to break off the Lethaean fetters from his dear Piri thous.	Your friend has been guilty of a small error (which, unless you forgive, you ought to be reckoned a sour, ill-natured fellow), you hate and avoid him, as a debtor does Ruso; who, when the woful calends come upon the unfortunate man, unless he procures the interest or capital by hook or by crook, is compelled to hear his miserable stories with his neck stretched out like a slave.	when he has heard [of such knavery]?	*       *       *       *       * ODE XV.	As for Aristippus, every complexion of life, every station and circumstance sat gracefully upon him, aspiring in general to greater things, yet equal to the present: on the other hand, I shall be much surprised, if a contrary way of life should become [this cynic], whom obstinacy clothes with a double rag.	Then conversation arises, not concerning other people's villas and houses, nor whether Lepos dances well or not; but we debate on what is more to our purpose, and what it is pernicious not to know--whether men are made happier by riches or by virtue; or what leads us into intimacies, interest or moral rectitude; and what is the nature of good, and what its perfection.	But that man shall provoke me (I give notice, that it is better not to touch me) shall weep [his folly], and as a notorious character shall be sung through all the streets of Rome.	Avoid an inquisitive impertinent, for such a one is also a tattler, nor do open ears faithfully retain what is intrusted to them; and a word, once sent abroad, flies irrevocably.	"Me, I beg of you."