“The Vamly Bible, Master Lake.” And as the windmiller went off muttering something which the Family Bible would by no means have sanctioned, George returned chuckling to a leisurely use of his broom on the round-house floor.	And George took some pains to keep up this wholesome awe of himself, by vague and terrifying speeches, and by a trick of what he called “dropping on” poor Abel in the dusk, with hideous grimaces and uncouth sounds.	For her civility, indeed, the Cheap Jack’s wife was taken to task by her husband in a few moments when they were alone together.	Jan had pleasant associations with the word “master,” and he looked up with some vague fancy of seeing a second Master Swift.	Sartinly, Master Chuter.” “Was it ever found, do ye think?” said Master Linseed, the painter and decorator.	In spite of his tears, Jan was fain to join as the hymn went on, and he sang like a bird,—     “All my trust on Thee is stayed,     All my help from Thee I bring;     Cover my defenceless head     With the shadow of Thy wing.” It was the hymn after the third collect, and when it was ended the comfortable-looking gentleman motioned Jan into a seat, and he knelt down.	But he delayed and delayed, till Master Chuter was goaded to repeat the old rumor that real sign-painting was beyond his powers.	Still I should like you to see it.	SCREEVING.—AN OLD SONG.—MR.	And grandmamma is so hard!	She met the milk-cart at the corner of the road, and so was driven to the town, and she took Jan with her.	He stamped one of his little feet spitefully on the ground, and, with a pretty close imitation of George’s dialect, said bitterly, “Gearge bean’t such a vool as a looks!” adding, after a pause, “I’d do a deal to pay _him_ off!” As he turned into the house, he said thoughtfully, “Sal’s precious sharp; she allus was.	He got up with many a dawn to paint the sunrise.	Master Swift brought her big nosegays from his garden, at which she would smell for hours, as if the scent soothed her.	The master’s sharp eyes noted that the prescribed ablutions seemed both pleasant and familiar to the new boy, and the superintendent of the wood-chopping department expressed his opinion that Jan’s intelligence and dexterity were wasted among the fagots, and that his vocation was to be a brushmaker at least, if not a joiner.	“I can teach thee thy letters, and by the time thee’s learned all I know, maybe I’ll have been to school again, and learned some more.” This was the foundation of a curious kind of friendship between Abel and the miller’s man.	Thy father’s a poor scholar, but he’s not _that_ dull but what he’ll make _thee_ as learned as the parson.	He clung round the curly brown neck in one agonized embrace, and then steadied his voice for an authoritative, “Home, Rufus!” as he let him go.	And never did he leave the house on an errand for the painter that the bow-legged boy did not burst forth, dish-cloth or dirty boots in hand, from some unexpected quarter, and adjure him to “look out for the jook.” It was a lovely afternoon when, by his friend’s advice, Jan betook himself to the Park, that the nobs might have that opportunity of recognizing him which the wide-mouthed woman had feared.	Eh, Master Swift, he lived in a windmill, and he was a miller’s son!” “Maybe he’d a miller’s thumb,” Jan added, stretching out his own, and smiling at the droll idea.	Children mostly likes the gay picters, and worrits their mothers for ’em, bless ’em!	At one time I worshipped Burns.	“Heavens and earth!	“Jan Lake—Jan,” said he.	Mrs. Lake did not disturb herself.	’ere they be!” roared a wave of the crowd, composed of boys, breaking on Mrs. Lake and Jan at this point.	A child learns a man to be unselfish, Jan.	His very knowledge of malpractices and mischief was confined to the evil doings of one or two other ill-conditioned country lads like himself, who robbed their neighbors on dark nights, and disposed of the spoil by the help of such men as the Cheap Jack and the landlord of the public-house at the bottom of the hill.	The schoolmaster loved punctuality, but Jan was not always punctual.	Thee’s a sprack boy, and a good un, but thee’s not rightly got the miller’s thumb.” And thus it came about that Abel was for ever sifting bits of flour through his finger and thumb, to obtain the required flatness and delicacy which marks the latter in a miller born; and playing lovingly with little Jan on the floor of the round-house, he would pass some through the baby’s fingers also, crying,— “Sift un, Janny!	But his art was conventional, and when Jan said, “Make un a miller’s thumb,” he was puzzled, and could only bend the shortest of the five strokes slightly backwards to represent the trade-mark of his forefathers.	“Once is enough for bogies,” said she, and went sturdily away.	His mother dressed him like a little prince, and his manners were the same.	It was composed chiefly of oaks and beeches, none of them of very grand proportions.	His moving finger was too much for the kitten’s feelings, and she sprang into the flour and pawed both the A’s out of existence.	The night was still,—so utterly still that no sound of any sort whatever broke upon the ear.	Such a very old, poor horse!” cried Amabel.	It was a long, narrow blackboard, on which the alphabet had once been painted white, though the letters were now so faded that the Dame could no longer distinguish them, even in spectacles.	I wish the old witch had motived every bone in thee body, or let me do ’t!” Master George Sannel was indeed a little irritable at this stage of his career.	‘’Tis a wus word than t’other,’ says she; ‘and, if ’ee axes me any more voolish questions, I’ll break thee yead for ’ee.’  Do ’ee think ’tis a very bad word, Gearge?” added Abel, with a rather indefensible curiosity.	“—a celebrated inventor and mechanic, and that’s what you’ll be, maybe.	Beyond the paddock lay another field, whose farthest wall was the boundary of a little wood,—the wood where Jan had herded pigs.	And I wish he may find paint as easy as slate-pencil.” Master Linseed’s parting words produced upon the company that somewhat unreasonable depression which such ironical good wishes are apt to cause; but they only roused the spirit of contradiction in Master Chuter, and heightened his belief in Jan’s talents more than any praise from the painter could have done.	“Come to bed, child!” “Good-night, Gearge.	And he listened humbly to the old man’s fervid religious counsels.	In dead silence and loneliness stood the mill.	She spoke very little, but she watched the sky constantly.	Remember, you promised to be good,” said the Squire.	Thinned down to what he declared to have been his dimensions in youth, it was transferred to Jan’s picture, and the touch of red was the culminating point of the innkeeper’s satisfaction.	She was obliged to invent excuses to “fub off,” when she could neither consent nor refuse.	And then the doctor’s _imprecation_ on its little chest, night and morning, besides; but nothing don’t seem to do no good,” said the poor nurse.	He also allowed that it concerned Jan, or that he supposed it to do so.	SUBLUNARY ART.—JAN GOES TO SCHOOL.—DAME DATCHETT AT HOME.—JAN’S FIRST SCHOOL SCRAPE.—JAN DEFENDS HIMSELF.	This boy—whose father was a respectable man—has been begging—_begging_!	A titter ran through the class, and the biggest and stupidest boy found the joke so overwhelming that he stretched his mouth from ear to ear, and doubled himself up with laughter, till it looked as if his corduroy-breeched knee were a turnip, and he about to munch it.	He was no sooner firmly established on his own legs, with the power of walking, or rather toddling, independent of help, than he took to making expeditions on the downs by himself.	Thee shall rue the day ever thee was born!” he added, almost beside himself with rage and terror.	And then there’d be trees beyond and beyond, smaller and smaller, and all like a blue mist between them, thee know.	He had learned to avoid the police, and he moved quickly from one dark corner to another with a hunted look in his black eyes.	She was lady’s-maid to Squire Ammaby’s mother, and the old Squire got me the school.	“Drat the thing!	There were nobs enough.	The next above that held the dressing machine, in which the bran was separated from the flour.	And this with reiteration so steady, and a countenance so guileless and unmoved, as to contrast favorably with the face of the other man, whose voice trembled and whose forehead flushed, either with overwhelming indignation or with a guilty consciousness that he was bearing false witness.	They had never intended to take him back to the mill, and, since they came to London and he was quite at their mercy, they had made no pretence of kindness.	“I’m sure it’s a mercy you have got back, Miss Amabel,” said she; “for Bogy lives in that wood; and, if you’d got in, it’s ten to one he’d have carried you off.” “You _said_ Bogy lived in the cellar,” said Amabel.	The whole wood was fragrant with honeysuckle, which pushed its way everywhere, and gay with other wild flowers.	But lor, Master Lake, what a man you be to notice un!”  George’s kinder demeanor towards Abel began shortly after the coming of the little Jan, and George himself accounted for it in the following manner:— “You do be kind to me now, Gearge,” said Abel, gratefully, as he stood one day, with the baby in his arms, watching the miller’s man emptying a sack of grain into the hopper.	THERE was a large crowd, but large crowds gather quickly in London from small causes.	He had heard of one, and was going to drive to the town to see the owner.	Suddenly a flush came over Jan’s wan cheeks.	The previous winter had been mild.	On seeing that a “swell” had paused to look, the Cheap Jack hurried to Jan’s side, and was in time to answer.	Suspicion was just beginning to connect his name and that of the Cheap Jack with certain thefts committed in the neighborhood, when he made up his mind to go.	“Jan Lake,” said Master Swift, “when I found you in yon wood, I found what I’ve looked for in vain for thirty-five years.	But he picked out an ancient-looking thing,—came from a bankrupt pawnshop, my dear, in a lot.	This over, she would ask with dignity, “Do you take care of him, Miles?”  And Miles, touching his cap, would reply, “Certainly, miss, the very greatest of care.”  And Amabel would add, “Does he get plenty to eat, do you think?”  “Plenties to heat, miss,” the groom would reply.	However, it’s something to have just the saving sense to know that ye’ve not got it, though it’s taken a wasted lifetime to convince me, and I sometimes think the deceiving serpent is more scotched than killed yet.	Beyond Master Swift’s gay flowers stretched the rich green of the water-meads, glowing yellow in the sunlight.	Of course he owned several of the picturesque little cottages where the refuse had to be pitched out at the back, and the slops chucked out in front, and where the general arrangements for health, comfort, and decency were such as one must forbear to speak of, since, on such matters, our ears—Heaven help us!—have all that delicacy which seems denied to our noses.	“I’se eerd of a pocket of hops, Master Lake,” said George, after an irritating pause, during which he still smiled, and scratched his poll as if to stimulate recollection.	However childlike in some respects himself, George was not fond of children, and he had hitherto seemed to have a particular spite against Abel.	Not quite in vain.