The housekeeper waits in black silk and looks as if she had no meaner occupation than to sit in a rocking chair, and dream of damson cheese.	that's you, is it?'	"We do," said they.	"'Give her a stiff neck!'	"Not another earthquake, I hope?"	I was counting the coppers (sevenpence halfpenny), when all in a moment a dozen sixpenny fiddles leaped from their places and began to play, accordions of all sizes joined them, the drumsticks beat upon the drums, the penny trumpets sounded, and the yellow flutes took up the melody on high notes, and bore it away through the trees.	"We have," said they.	It is to be called the Hospital for Incurables.	SAM SETS UP SHOP.	'The Old Owl knows,' said I, and burst out crying."	Though they are one's own," he muttered to himself, "and not bad ones, and I did hope once would have been a blessing."	"Why, there's whether they ever saw the Old Owl again, and whether Tommy and Johnnie went on being Brownies," said the children.	"Where do they live?"	"'I'm sure I don't know,' I said; and really I was so confused that I hardly did.	Johnnie was soon in the land of dreams, growing rosier and rosier as he slept, a tumbled apple among the gray heather.	'Where is your nose?	"This difference of opinion produced a quarrel, which in turn seemed to affect the general behavior of the toys, for a disturbance arose which the Jack-in-a-box vainly endeavored to quell.	Once I looked back, but the spider was not following me.	"We do," said they.	"What could I do, Grandmother?"	The fungi like flowers for beauty, and the flowers like nothing you have ever seen!	I wish ours would come back!"	"What nonsense have you been telling them, Mother?"	"And--it is only common charity to ask--how about North America?"	"Wrong!"	He did it for love.	Size is not everything, even in this material existence.	"I have spoken of the effect of a toy-shop on my feelings.	"Could you?"	"Bairns are a burden," and he sighed.	Did they give him any wages, Granny?"	'Ching Fo!	"'Take her out when its fine and leave her out when it's wet, and lose her in---- "'The coal hole,' said the spade.	he thought, "the old lady's asleep, it's a shame to wake her, I'll tell those idle rascally lads, they'll be more pleased than they deserve.	But why not?	"I must say one thing.	"'Suppose it does,' said the beetle politely; 'will you walk in?'	I'd give up his help to have yours."	"'Knock her teeth out,' growled the rake in a scratchy voice; and then the tools joined in chorus.	I'll tell you what it is, Tommy," he added, "if you were always like this, I shouldn't much care whether Brownie stayed or went.	said the Tailor.	they shouted as she disappeared; first the departing owl, then a shadowy body with flapping sails, then two wings beating the same measured time, then two moving lines still to the old tune, then a stroke, a fancy, and then--the green sky and the pale moon, but the Old Owl was gone.	"'I'm afraid it wouldn't bear you,' he observed slowly.	"Oohoo!	"'Tit, tat, tumble two,' muttered the slate in a cracked voice.	This was beyond Tommy's capabilities of surmise; so they filled a handkerchief, and hurried back again for fear the Tailor should have come down-stairs.	She said that all the caterpillars had become butterflies of many colors, and that the room was full of them.	Into that we shall put all the toys that are quite spoiled and cannot possibly be mended.	"I don't half like it as it is," said the Doctor.	If you had lifted the moss carefully, instead of stamping and struggling with it, it would have saved us ten minutes' work this morning."	"I know, Mother," said the Tailor, "and I've been thinking of it all the way home; and I can tell you why it was.	"It's that much too long."	However, there was no knowing what might happen before his turn did come, and meanwhile I was in friendly hands.	"Move it Johnnie!"	And when we remember that the sole object of our own existence was to give pleasure and amusement to our possessors, we have no hesitation in believing that we deserved a handsomer return than to have had our springs broken, our paint dirtied, and our earthly careers so untimely shortened by wilful mischief or fickle neglect.	"Hush!	And no further misfortune happened to him that I ever heard of; and as time went on he grew a beard, and got stout, and kept a German poodle, and gave tea parties to other people's children.	'Watching your window,' says he.	said he.	It will never prove at this rate.'	But all this depends upon whether you feel equal to undertaking it, and whether you will follow my directions."	"I looked, and said, 'It seems to be a potato.'	I was her very own, and she kept me longer than any other plaything.	"I think you're quite right, Father," said Tommy, "and if I can, I'll help you to make them."	And he went flourishing round with a broom, while Tommy jumped madly about in his new suit.	I couldn't stand rags and old cloaks, messing and moth-catching in my house."	"_Are they?_" said the Tailor emphatically.	Celf!	"I don't understand it.	"Will you mind your own business, and go to sleep?"	Where is the real Brownie, I say?"	Tommy was aghast.	They have no trade or profession, and as they live entirely upon other people, they know nothing of domestic cares; in fact, they know very little upon any subject, though they are often intelligent and highly inquisitive.	"I don't like a story about victuals," sulked Tommy.	"This very night."	I must have done it wrong."	"Don't be too sure," said the Owl.	Now-a-days Granny never picked a scrap for herself.	They're the glow-worms.	The fact is, it's the Land of Lost Toys.	To come and do the work for a pan of cold water!	"I mean, did it really happen?"	It was Tommy after all that set the water and caught him."