Then, lifting his curly head for a moment, he cried, 'To horse!	The rest of the company began to assemble, however, and to our relief the subject was dropped.	"My father sighed as if a spell had been broken.	What do you want?"	It was a relief to meet Bedford at this point, to hear her cheerful good-night, and to see her turn into a room only two doors from ours.	"You may go and play in the garden, Miss Ida," said Nurse, and Ida went.	He said she was an exception to her sex, which from his point of view was a high compliment.	But there is a limit even to the space of time for which one can enjoy tea and buttered toast.	As she took a great deal of credit for being 'quite candid, my dear,' and quietly, but persistently refused to give me credit for the same virtue, I was too much irritated to appreciate the kindness which led her to undertake the task of interference in so delicate a matter; and found her remarks far from palatable.	I told my story skilfully, and made the six gardens the crowning point; at which climax my brother and sisters raised a shout that so far exceeded the average of even nursery noises, that my mother hurried to the spot, where our little sister Phil flung herself into her arms, and almost sobbing with excitement, cried-- "'Oh, Mother dear!	Opposite to me, however, there was a gap through which I could see the old gentleman.	Click!	"Metcalfe (whose face always wore a smile that looked as if it were just about to disappear, and who, indeed, for that matter, always looked as if she were just about to disappear herself) opened one of the cabinets, and brought out a little toy pug in china, very delicately coloured, and looking just like one of my friends on the mat.	Was it Greek?	I could see people strolling along the banks; and then a boat carrying sails of a rich warm brown came into view and passed slowly under my eye, with a stately grace and a fair wind.	She was more benevolent in deed, and more wandering in conversation, than any one I have met with since.	"'Of course not really,' said Miss Lucy, 'but so it was said.	*       *       *       *       * Two or three months had now passed away since Ida became an orphan.	"I hardly know what to tell you of it, Ida.	E. BARRETT BROWNING.	There was only one egg, but parental affection is not influenced by numbers.	"Quite well, my dear, I am thankful to say.	"'The bookshelves shall be repaired, sir,' was his final promise in answer to a hint from my father, who (it being successful, and he being a very straight-forward man) was ever afterwards ashamed of this piece of diplomacy.	"The yellow room was a large airy one, with white painted wainscoting, a huge four-post bed with yellow curtains, and a pretty view from the windows.	"I felt quite unequal to answering the remark, and he went on: "'What funny little ways your old friends have, my dear, to be sure.	I remember her saying that it would be different if she were not an acknowledged beauty; but it was expected that she would marry well, and he was comparatively poor, and not even singular.	I had settled the sober couple by their fireside, and was hesitating between dove-colour and lavender-grey for the wedding silk, when Miss Martha herself disturbed me before I had decided the important question.	She was fast asleep--happily asleep--with a smile upon her face.	"I thought Nursey said so," said Ida.	I took advantage of my freedom to sit up in bed, toss my hair from my forehead, and clasping my knees with my arms, to rock myself and think.	She was one of those people who cannot sit with idle fingers, and as she talked she knitted.	But this is a digression.)	And there are some young ones who live in the spout at the corner of the wall of your room.	"'And could you induce your respected father to come with you, Mary dear?'	"Talking of snoring," said Mrs. Overtheway, "reminds me of something that happened in my youth, and it is true, though, do you know, it is a ghost story."	The least pleasant part of this ceremony may be comprised in the word curl-papers.	Then she said: "It is Russian, my dear.	throstle!	"_What's_ the matter with the hedge?"	"'I was--' he began, and stopped short, looking puzzled and vexed.	At last the conversation came to an end, and Mrs. Overtheway came upstairs.	A man in livery, upon a well-groomed horse--nothing more, but rather an uncommon sight with us.	"'For one thing we were there when I was at an age when attachment to a place gets most deeply rooted, I think.	And don't you wonder what gentlemen do say, and how they say it?	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.org/license).	I always wake early, so I can call you.	"'Serve her right,' said my aunt, shortly.	'Were there boats to this one?'	'But if you don't take it out one way, you have it another,' he continued.	"'I met them in the town,' he went on, 'and they were good enough to invite me; and as I must see Ward about some registers, I ventured to ask if he were to be of the party (thinking to save my old legs a walk to his place).	She foundered on her homeward voyage, and went down into the great waters, whilst Ida slept through the stormy night, with the Captain's letter beneath her pillow.	"'I wonder what mother is doing?'	He told me a good deal about him that I had never heard.	Sometimes the precious volume was lent to me, and with it in my lap, and my arms round the ropes of the swing, I passed many a happy hour.	But Mrs. Savory's very kind, and last time she came she brought me a pincushion, and the time before she gave me a Spa mug and two apples."	Who is to be there, after all?'	"'Again, no.	"Do tell me about it."	"The old man's strongest effort in my father's favour, however, was the proposal of a glass of wine.	"The new-comers completely absorbed our attention during the evening, and it was not till we were fairly entering the older part on the house on our way to bed, that the story of the old man's ghost recurred to my mind.	"I was very much disposed to be injured and gloomy, but Fatima would not allow it.	(I have since had reason to believe that she was with difficulty concealing a fit of laughter.)	"From the old woman we learnt something of the former tenants.	"This ghost story isn't too horrid, I think," laughed the little old lady, "and if you will let me think a few minutes, and then forgive my prosy way of telling it, you shall have it at once."	"'Do you mind Mrs. Moss's being old, and dressing in that hideous brown dress?'	She stood first on one leg, and then on the other, she looked at the water, and then at the primroses, and then at the water again, and at last perceived that in one place there was a large, flat, moss-covered stone in the middle of the stream, which stood well out of the water, and from which--could she but reach it--she might scramble to the opposite bank.	I clearly remember the feeling of lying with my face against the horsehair sofa in the little dining-room, feebly repeating, 'You shouldn't, you know.	She took a generous delight in dressing me up, and was as clever as she was kind about it.	_Clown._ What thinkest thou of his opinion?	I do not quite know how far on it was into the night when I was roused by Fatima's voice repeating my name over and over again, in tones of subdued terror.	"No, my child, no!	Affectionate as she had been when we were alone together, she was no sooner among the grown-up young ladies downstairs than she kept with them as much as she was permitted, and seemed to forget us altogether.	You can go with the maids, if you want to, my dears,' she added, with one of the occasional touches of insolence in which she indulged.	It will be very provoking if the men leave the island before I can see them.'	One needs sometimes to get away from the world around, 'from the noise and from the hurryings of this life,' and to hear, read, see, or do something to remind one that there is a standard which is not of drawing-rooms; that petty troubles are the pilgrimage of the soul; that great and happy lives have been lived here by those who have had but little; and that satisfying bliss is not here, but hereafter.	I fancy I have as much home-love in me as most people, but it has been divided; I have had more homes than one.'	_The Chaldeans made out three bands, and fell upon the camels, and have carried them away, yea, and slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee._' "The others boys laughed, but he lay down again, as solemnly as he had risen.	"'If you would only exert yourself,' began Father Albatross, 'something might come of it.	By the walks I had arrived at the locked door of the kitchen garden, at a small wood or wilderness of endless delights (including a broken swing), and at a dilapidated summer-house.	For I must tell you that to lie in a comfortable bed, at an hour long beyond the time when one ought naturally to be asleep, and to stroke one's nose, is a proceeding not favourable to forming a clear judgment on so important a point as one's personal appearance.	"'What old gentleman?'	"'Oh, no!	And it is such a lovely letter, with all about the island, and poor Barker, and dear old Carlo, and about the beautiful birds, too, only Mrs. Overtheway made up a great deal of that herself.