Harry did not like the hot-tempered gentleman a bit the less because he was obliged to respect and obey him; and all the children welcomed him boisterously when he arrived that Christmas which we have spoken of in connection with his attack on Snap.	said the hot-tempered gentleman; and he bounced out of the room, and Harry was left alone.	"November and December went by, and still the picture-book kept all its charm for Patty and me; and we pondered on and loved Old Father Christmas as children can love and realise a fancy friend.	We always have plenty of saucy children, and servants.	"My sister Patty was six years old.	The very dog was infected by the snapping mania.	On which the gentleman--being hot-tempered, and one of those people with whom it is (as they say) a word and a blow, and the blow first--made a dash at Snap, and Snap taking to his heels, the gentleman flung his carpet-bag after him.	She had been mainly guided in her choice of these characters by the prints she happened to meet with, as she did not trust herself to design a figure.	said Harry.	"There's nothing to stop for.	And they seized the tips of their tongues in their fingers, to feel for themselves.	The sounds boomed heavily through the frost, and Patty thought there were four of them.	"Go, if you dare."	"Suppose I say it was in my place."	"It really was the dirty little brown and white spaniel; and he persisted in licking me, and jumping on me, and making curious little noises, that must have meant something if one had known his language.	at likely intervals.	"Yes, I like it very much," said Polly.	------------------------------------------------------------------------ THE SKRATDJ'S DOG AND THE HOT-TEMPERED GENTLEMAN.	The gentleman had good, sensible, well-behaved dogs of his own, and was greatly disgusted with Snap's conduct.	But they often said, "We can't think how it is the children are always squabbling!"	"If you can find nothing sharper to say than `Dear me,'" said the Dragon, "you will fare badly, I can tell you.	If you'll beg my pardon I won't go."	Tell us about our tongues.	The blue Dragon leaped up, and took such a claw-full of hair out of the boy's head, that it seemed as if part of the skin went too.	How they leaped about!	We bowed to Kitty's behests, and went to the back door.	Still, the sprigs of red and green were better than nothing, and, like your lovely wreaths and pious devices, they made one feel as if the old black wood were bursting into life and leaf again for very Christmas joy!	So Harry went.	"Wait a minute," said Harry.	said he, driving his hands through his hair.	I had never seen the sea, but Kitty was born in a fisherman's cottage, and many an hour have I sat by the kitchen fire whilst she told me strange stories of the mighty ocean, and ever and anon she would snatch the shell from the mantelpiece and clap it to my ear, crying, `There child, you couldn't hear it plainer than that.	he said in depressed tones; "I thought so!--Polly, come and let me look at yours."	He sat at the gate in summer, and yapped at every vehicle and every pedestrian who ventured to pass on the high road.	"Never mind."	We were there on Wednesday.	He was busy helping his father to bore holes in the carved seats of the church, which were to hold sprigs of holly for the morrow--that was the idea of church decoration in my young days.	"No!"	The picture-book was almost as much hers as mine.	The punch was brewed in a jug, and tasted quite as good as usual.	said one of the blue Dragons.	Harry asked.	Polly's expedition met with the same fate, and she attempted to cover her retreat in a similar manner.	_Grumph_!	"I don't care if you do."	"You wouldn't like me to go, I know."	"`So I be, miss, so I be,' said Father Christmas, nodding.	"`Perhaps it's a new dog that he's got to take care of his cave,' said Patty.	yap!	"I'll tell Mamma."	"Just a little more," murmured Harry to himself; and he uncorked the bottle, and poured a little brandy on to the flame.	I need not explain what _snapping_ is.	But the hot-tempered gentleman looked gloomier still, and shook his head.	I have it from her own lips that she copied the figures in my picture-book from prints in several different houses at which she visited.	I don't care."	From a book of caricatures belonging to Dr James.	At last the raisins were finished, the flames were all but out, and the company withdrew to the drawing-room.	"Are they?"	Nevertheless he spoke friendly to him; and Snap, who had had many a bit from his plate, could not help stopping for a minute to lick his hand.	"Tell-tale tit!	"Oh, won't you?	Many's the time I've done it (in play you understand) with that whip and those gloves.	And not another word would the hot-tempered gentleman say on the subject.	"This hill was now covered with snow, and stood off against the grey sky.	The heel of the boot caught Snap on the back, and sent him squealing to the kitchen.	two!	said Harry.	You're getting very troublesome, Polly, and I shall have to send you to school, where you'll be kept in order.	"Then you like music," said the hot-tempered gentleman.	Then, as the hot-tempered gentleman warmed his coat-tails at the Yule-log, a grim smile stole over his features as he listened to the sounds in the room.	Polly's called me a sneak."	"`Candles,' said my father.	The evening was very lively.	"Number 8.--Old Father Christmas.	cried the children with alarm.	I won't go on the Common, and I shall go and get Papa to say we're to go down Gipsey Lane.	Father Christmas had pointed, but so indefinitely, that he might have been pointing to the sky, or the fields, or the little wood at the end of the Squire's grounds.	It was in allusion to their real affection for each other, and their perpetual disputing, that he called them the "Snapping Turtles."	"Well, did you?"	Yap!"	Off with you!	Nothing half so pleasant!	said a voice close by him; and he saw that one of the Dragons was lying near, and not joining in the game.	asked another Dragon, leaping over Harry.