And so she tiptoed past the chapel again, where a faint odour of peau d'Espagne came stealing out into the hall, and where the children from the children's ward, in roller-chairs and on crutches, were singing with all their shrill young voices, earnest eyes uplifted.	Had the red-haired person opened the door she was perfectly prepared to fling the book at him.	Temperature one hundred and three.'	Jane Brown, in the candle light, looked small and tired and very, very young.	And Mabel had queered her, too, with her short-bobbed yellow hair.	"Cigarette!"	"Well, I guess I would," she said.	She was down by the head already and rolling like a dying thing.	She had to put her case, in fact.	That was a wrong move--the Lily; for it gave her courage to put her hand on his arm.	Many people would have been discouraged.	Before she would listen, however, she must take his temperature and give him his medicine, and see that he drank his buttermilk--the buttermilk last, so as not to chill his mouth for the thermometer.	The minister, who had come across the street in a ragged smoking-coat and no collar, creaked round the bed and threw the edge of the blanket over her shoulders.	she burst out.	They knew every move in the game of life, and Lethway's methods were familiar ones.	The ward was watching with intense interest.	But she found the night watchman making coffee in a back pantry, and gave him her message.	"O yes," said Jane Brown.	With the instinct of ages, the baby stopped wailing and opened her mouth.	"Go to first supper, please," she said.	The convalescents rocked with joy in their roller chairs.	"Oh, you'll be around soon, and going to dances again.	The interne looked over the record and whistled.	"Or because you cared a snap for me."	The hall porter was watching and she held out her hand.	"Now, sweetest," the red-haired person was saying, "turn him on his tummy and we'll rub his back.	asked the Nurse.	"You don't know what you are talking about," he said roughly, and turned his back to her.	He felt that she was seeing him in heroic guise, and the thought pleased him.	"Ever since I found out that I've signed up, with no arrangement about sending me back, it's been on my mind."	But really it's a matter of life and death."	To some He allots heart--and the beating pulse of humanity is theirs.	1.E.4.	"Sure we are!"	"I wouldn't do that," he said soothingly.	She looked very stately in it, though it generally had a dent somewhere from her forgetting she had it on and putting her hat on over it.	"And let you freeze?"	"Over to telephone," said Jane, and yawned.	He's right, you know."	Suddenly Jane Brown's heart settled down into a soft rhythmic beating that was like a song.	The _interne_ walked furiously toward the sound.	When the passengers came aboard I had to get out."	Just now I'm not standing very high with myself."	But Africa was cheery to this war."	"I've smoked a cigarette now and then.	The show business was going to the bad.	He turned her round and started her in the right direction with a little push.	Just inside the door, swinging open and shut with every roll of the ship, he took her in his arms and kissed her, not once but many times.	Too much sympathy is a handicap to her work and an embarrassment to her patient.	She flung on the silk kimono, twisted her hair on top of her head and stuck a pin or two in it, thus achieving a sort of effect a thousand times more bewildering than she had ever managed with a curling iron and twenty seven hair pins, and flinging her door wide stalked into the hall.	"It's--what?"	That's the trouble," he confessed.	The boy went first, with the lantern.	"In the bed where I was put till last night.	From somewhere near by came a terrific thumping, as of some one pounding a hairbrush on a table.	With tight-closed eyes and open mouths, each miracle squirmed and nuzzled until the mother would look with pleading eyes at the Nurse.	There was a beautiful confidence in her tone.	I took it for a debt.	She put her hand on his head, and he brought it down and held it between his.	retorted Jane.	Late that night Jane Brown, by devious ways, made her way back to H ward.	"They'll not be mean to her.	Says she hopes she and the kid'll both die."	"You look lovely.	Section 3.	Their eyes met across the tray, but he only said, after a moment: "Eggs like a rock, of course!	But as Jane never wore curls afterward anyhow---- Well, Jane got to her own house about eleven and crept in like a thief to the telephone.	At the first stalk--or stamp--she stopped.	She recognised his condition out of a not inconsiderable experience and did her best to force the door shut, but he put his foot over the sill and smiled.	If you think it is wrong I'll not do it any more."	The Nurse called up Rose Davis; and Rosie, who was lying in bed with the Sunday papers scattered around her and a cigarette in her manicured fingers, reached out with a yawn and, taking the telephone, rested it on her laced and ribboned bosom.	The Senior Nurse was writing fresh labels for the medicine closet, and for "tincture of myrrh" she wrote absently "tincture of mirth," and had to tear it up.	And the Probationer knew she lied.	And she thought a great deal about what a silly she had been, and that it was not too late yet, she being not forty and "beautiful."	She thought, too, about Mary O'Shaughnessy without another woman near, and not even a light, except perhaps a candle.	"And no character at all.	At the sundial she left the drive and took to the lawn gleaming with the frost of late October.	Higgins came up the stairs heavily and stopped close by the red-haired person, whispering something to him.	Then Annie Petowski or Jennie Goldstein or Maggie McNamara would watch the Nurse with open hostility and defiance, and her rustling exit from the ward would be followed by swift cessation of cries, and, close to Annie or Jennie or Maggie's heart, there would be small ecstatic gurglings--and peace.	But we've got to work it out, do you see?	But her eyes were not on the ceiling; they were on the child.	Even above the sound of the water Edith caught the thrill in her voice.	Somewhere in his young and hardened soul the germs of parental pride, astutely sowed, had taken quick root.