The detective turned on her quickly.	Dale felt as if she had received a blow in the face.	said Miss Cornelia implacably; then as Lizzie still hesitated, "Lizzie!"	She did not answer.	There seemed to be no other explanation.	"You know I'd rather be shot than touch that uncanny ouijie!"	But, somehow, she must hide it--get it out of her hands--before Anderson's third-degree methods broke her down or he insisted on a search of her person.	Miss Cornelia roused from deep thought.	Billy went immediately to the tray, picked it up, and started to go out again.	"I have read a great deal on the detection of crime," she said hotly, "and--" "Well, we all have our little hobbies," he said tolerantly.	As each door was opened they expected to find him, probably foully murdered; as each door was closed again they breathed with relief.	"I got your gardener, by the way," she said casually.	And then bring up some wine."	"I hope you haven't a weapon," the Doctor called up the stairs with an unsuccessful attempt at jocularity.	said Miss Cornelia acidly.	"Do you know where there are any blue-prints of the house?"	"It may be the Jap!"	Miss Cornelia beamed at him maliciously.	"Just face--that's all."	Bailey made his report breathlessly.	"Ask the Doctor who attacked me downstairs in the living-room, knocked me senseless, and locked me in the billiard room!"	A chill crept into the air with the twilight.	A dull, heavy reverberation answered his stroke--nothing hollow there apparently.	she said decidedly.	"Very well," she said in an even voice, "that's true."	"Now I want the real story!"	"I see," she said.	she said fiercely.	She shut the door with a little slap and disappeared.	he queried.	Besides, a Doctor was in many ways like a priest--both sworn to keep inviolate the secrets of their respective confessionals.	Just what they had expected when the door was finally opened they did not know.	I didn't have anything in it--or any other bank for that matter," he admitted ruefully, "but I hate to see the old thing go to smash."	But first I want to show you something.	thud!--the noise of a violent struggle in the hall outside drew all eyes to the hall door.	It was, of course, Miss Cornelia who recovered first.	She shivered frankly.	said Lizzie in tones of pure horror as the little pointer began to wander among the letters.	he queried suavely, puffing upon his own.	She sat down once more, and taking a pencil and a piece of paper drew a plan of the lower floor of the house.	gasped Miss Cornelia dazedly and the Doctor, whatever guilt lay on his conscience, responded at once to the call of his profession.	For a moment Dick Fleming stared at her as if he could not believe his ears.	But feebler, as though the suppliant outside had exhausted his strength.	She called.	He went up to examine the secret chamber.	She stared at the mantel of the fireplace accusingly.	Miss Cornelia had begun to enjoy herself once more.	I'm sure we all need it," she sighed.	He took in the significance of the blurred white lines with greedy eyes, his lips opening in a silent exclamation of triumph.	Then the creaking of the stairs, and Dale's soothing voice reassuring her as she painfully clambered toward the third floor, announced that Lizzie, for some time at least, had been removed as an active factor from the puzzling equation of Cedarcrest.	She placed the lettered board in Miss Cornelia's lap with a sigh of relief.	CHAPTER SEVENTEEN ANDERSON MAKES AN ARREST "Doctor, why did you put out that candle?"	"I don't trust him, Miss Neily!	"Candle grease!"	"Somewhat."	"Very well," said Miss Cornelia, "it's your own decision, Lizzie--remember that."	"All right."	Dale knew herself cornered at last.	Miss Cornelia regarded the alcove stairs.	"Somebody who had a key could have got in here, Mr. Anderson," she said annoyedly.	"And if we are united against you, why should I have sent for you?	Dale considered.	"But the moment that shot was fired the lights came on.	"That proves exactly what I've contended right along," he said, thudding one fist softly in the palm of the other.	The Doctor's voice was very clear and firm.	Then she gasped.	But the door was already open and no shot came.	"I haven't said that."	"What?"	Just what they had expected, what figure of horror or of fear they waited for, no one can say.	Bailey--Bailey--she was sure she remembered that name--on Dale's lips.	That blank wall above the fireplace looked as promising as any.	"The Bat, eh?"	"It was on the tray Billy took out," she said, still wondering why so simple an answer should disturb Miss Cornelia so greatly.	Miss Cornelia did not give an inch.	She waited a moment for his defense.	"Do the servants know who I am?"	Then he caught sight of the raincoat-covered huddle on the floor.	A month ago I'd never even heard of Mr. Fleming--though I suppose I should have--and now--why, I'm as interested in the failure of his bank as if I were a depositor!"	"But I didn't," said the latter, truthfully enough.	She hesitated.	The detective, apparently, had somewhat of the same feeling.	The young man hesitated--shot an odd, swift glance at Dale who ever since his abrupt entrance into the room, had been sitting rigid in her chair with her hands clenched tightly together.