And silence was the answer he received.	"Let's go, I say."	He stood on the platform, opposite the girl, and to while his time away he scrutinized her, somewhat fastidiously and inimically, as a very simple and familiar algebraic formula written in chalk upon the blackboard, which stared at him persistently.	Abram Petrovich is blowing up the charcoal with his boot.	I don't know.	I kept falling down on my hands against clods of dry earth, which scattered beneath them, and again I would rise and run on, and the fire and the summoning sound of the bell ran to meet me.	It seemed to him that he was suffocating and being blinded, and he felt a desire to run and get quickly out from the stony embrace--and it became a horror to him to think, however fast he might run, still houses, ever houses, would go with him on both sides, and he would be suffocated before he could run beyond the city.	Again he saw the green fields, grey with the night's dew, only they did not now run in the same direction as before, but in the opposite.	Then I purposely turned aside, for I knew what it would reply.	And when the wind seized her, and wrapped her thin skirt about her ankles, and chilled her head, she began to fear that she might be frozen to death; and her fear of a crowd disappeared, and the world expanded into a boundless icy wilderness, in which was neither man, nor light, nor warmth.	Off your nut, eh?"	And you'll have to answer for it.	He called on his native country--his dear France, and damn the weakness of the human heart!	Snapper for the second time in his life turned on his back and closed his eyes, not knowing for a certainty whether he was to be kicked or petted.	She had no name, she was always the one that lies, that makes eternally to wait, and never comes.	Spies have nobody that would sew on their buttons for them.	And its end was only there--in those grey, stubbornly, obstinately silent eyes.	"The eg--g." "Well?"	Don't you want to?--well, then devil take you!	Is it not sufficient for this purpose, that the darkness of night should envelop you, and have swallowed up all the sounds of day?	Then cautiously patting her knee, and speaking with all the caressing kindness of a beautiful voice and a pretty face, Lelya approached the dog, but was in her turn afraid; suddenly he snapped.	Olga Stepanovna rose quickly, and asked in a timid, ingratiating voice: "Only don't scold her, father!	a sleepy voice asked in a tone of perfunctory interest.	Has the tomb made thee too heavy?	VI Dark and terrible is the place to which she carried the truth, and the lie--and I am going thither.	But they were only joking.	And I can't wear a wig like--a spy."	And a gentle, sorrowful, whisper will ye hear, an echo of bygone heavy groans when the dead was dear, whom ye left in the tomb, and could not forget nor cease to love.	When driven by hunger or an instinctive need of company, he showed himself in the street, the boys pelted him with stones and sticks, while the grown-ups gave a merry whoop, or a terribly piercing whistle.	They had decided to get rid of him; but he gave up drinking, and once more the porter swore at having to open and shut the door for him.	But the Second Department long cherished the memory of Semyon Vasilyevich, and when the waiting petitioners began to grow weary, the porter would take them to his room to smoke, and would tell them tales of the wonderful civil-servant who was so awfully fond of negresses.	But is this a conviction?	"What are we to do with Snapper?"	How he yawned!	Some one knelt down, striking her knees on the floor, and the stranger's voice, convulsed with suppressed sobs, uttered quickly the words: "Take it, take it!	Still louder became his bark on the occasion of their belated meetings, when his master, his only friend, came home kind, happy, and laughing.	Petka was playing athletic sports by himself in the back court, and puffing out his cheeks, because that made it considerably easier to jump.	She would not speak to Vladimir Mikhailovich, but austere and unforgiving, gave him water in silence.	On one side there was the fact, the fishing-rod--on the other the phantom, Osip Abramovich.	In the course of half an hour we had collected all the lonely, disconsolate students in town; and when we had recruited a cheerful dozen or so of leaping devils, we repaired to a hair-dresser's--he was also a costumier--and let in there the cold, and youth, and laughter.	"Well, I will go to my own room," said Father Ignaty, who had turned cold and frightened.	There were so many of them, they were so merry, and the soul was peopled with them.	And when silence supervened, and only the irregular breathing of the children was audible, another voice, unusually deep and strong for a child, would exclaim: "The devils!	Wherever I went, a roaring cloud of laughter encompassed and pressed on me; it moved together with me, and I could not escape from this circle of mad mirth.	"I want her very badly.	Whence these wondrous sounds?	On the stained wall hung one and the same picture, representing two half-dressed women on the sea-shore, the only difference being that their pink bodies became more spotted with fly dirt, and that the black patch of soot became larger above the place where the common kerosene lamp gleamed all the whole winter's day.	But at times--at times I began to fear for some one.	It was evident what had been Garaska's intention.	I will accompany you."	But when, harried, I turned on my persecutors in anger--uncontrollable laughter seized them.	angrily asked Troitzky, as he tripped up, and sploshed in a big swapped galoche.	In order to console himself, Petrov would count over all his acquaintances; and their neighbourly familiar faces were like a wall which separated him from infinity.	And all were satisfied.	It is falling out rapidly.	If some one, even that girl, accused him of being a spy, would he find anything definite, clear, convincing in his life by which he could offset this base accusation?	They consisted of hall-porters, overseers, and sometimes minor officials, or workmen, and often coarsely handsome but suspicious-looking fellows with ruddy cheeks, slender moustaches, and insolent oleaginous eyes.	And wherefore laughest thou?	That same evening at the general's whist table at the English Club, his Excellency, when he had dealt the cards with his puffy white hands, remarked with assumed carelessness: "There's in my office an official who is terribly enamoured of negresses.	She never goes alone to such places, he thought; such girls never go alone, but with a whole crowd of student girls and audacious students--and he was terrified at the thought of what might happen when she pointed her finger at him and said: "Here's a spy!"	"Vera, tell us what is the matter with you?"	At Easter, he, the other, did not turn up at the Vasilyevskys', and Petrov did not observe his absence until the end of his call, when he had begun to make his adieux, and failed to meet the well-known smile.	"What could I do with her, if she would not open her grief to me.	He was so sickly, so continually nervous.	"Mamma!	With Abram Petrovich he had only the day before yesterday been drinking, and they had kissed one another and sworn eternal friendship.	"Yes, let her," entreated Natalya Vladimirovna in a fright.	He will stand under the windows of any of the most respectable people in Gunner Street, and begin to swear without rhyme or reason.	Moreover, the doctor found that he had catarrh of the stomach, and the next Easter, as he was going to the Vasilyevskys', he thought on the way of what he should eat there.	Does the sun blind thee?	Then for whole nights we slept not a wink, but in fear and trembling made our rounds of the homestead in search of an incendiary.	"I'm sorry, Snapper!"	Yes, Verochka, he entreats.	My coat was fastened only by the top button, and fluttered in the cold wind; but I felt no cold.	THE FRIEND When late at night he rang at his own door, the first sound after that of the bell was a resonant dog's bark, in which might be distinguished both fear that it might have been a stranger, and joy that it was his own master, who had arrived.	Khinyakov listened a little longer and then lay down, delighted that no one had come to fetch him, and not taking the trouble to guess the truth about what he had not understood in that which had just taken place.	And when the dog's feeble, helpless moan penetrated through the wall, he stuffed his fingers into his ears, and was surprised at the extent of his love for this poor dog.	When there were no customers, and Prokopy, who usually had spent a sleepless night somewhere or other, and in the daytime would drowsily stumble about and throw himself into the dark corner behind the partition, and Mikhailo was reading the _Police News_, and amongst the accounts of thefts and robberies was looking out for the name of some regular customer, Petka and Nikolka would chat together.	She died, I say--in the hospital."	He spoke as everyone else spoke, and thought as everybody else did, and it was just as impossible to find an unmarked grain in a heap of grain.	"Or I'll break the door down!"	He could have gone home, had his dinner, drunk his tea and read his news-paper--and his soul would have been calm, cloudless; the copy books had already been corrected, and to-morrow, Saturday, there would be a whist party at the inspector's, house.	Each one carefully carried a parcel of paschal cakes.