Do you believe?"	This was the only moment of that happy day when my ocean became overcast with heavy clouds, as tangled as the beard of "Mad King Lear," while a wild wind shook the sails of my schooner.	Does the spectator concern himself about the fate of the fragments, thrust upon the scrap heap?	I had only one case and lost it at every point.	The whole of Rome is buzzing about me.	Well, yes, I was a schooner, if you so desire it, and if this is not agreeable to you I was _All_.	Subduing his excitement and the drunkenness which had imperceptibly come upon him, he returned to his place without haste and ordered politely: "I will answer you in a moment, Mr. Wondergood.	They were my reply, not to your theatrical _love_, but to your sincere and dead indifference.	She walked and I and Toppi crawled after her.	"Yes, signor."	You see, Magnus, how ignorant I still am of human affairs and...how ready I am for almost anything."	He threateningly shook his heavy, explosive head and shouted: "Enough of this laughter!	I do not know.	"How can I fail to understand, Mr.	There behind her were trees, green, almost black.	soon brought me to the loss of all my senses.	"And will do a little shooting.	I do not want to repeat your expression, Mr. Wondergood.	Ah, how my love for _Maria_ surged up again within me!	Wondergood."	That all may suffer equitably!	There is no reason for you to act thus.	Of course I will return it all and...however, you should take this matter up with the Marquis.	I am now living at the hotel, where all is aquiver with ecstacy when I put my shoes outside my door for the night, but they are renovating a palace for me: the historic Villa Orsini.	Toppi glanced at me sharply and sighed.	And I believe in your honest intention, Wondergood, to place the ocean between us...." "But...." Magnus moved forward towards me and shouted angrily: "Not another word!...	"Why go, Mr. Wondergood?	Magnus emphasized these words by banging the table with his fist.	"These are my assistants," Magnus told me to-day without trying in the least to conceal his ridicule.	How can they get along without a king?	They seem to have no _faces_.	You can imagine it.	"Yes?	When, out of breath, I hurled myself upon the ground, it was no longer possible to hear or see anything.	"I am all attention."	That is what he calls those gentlemen unknown to me who respectfully get out of my way when we meet, but never greet me, as if we were meeting in the street and not in my house.	Let us halt at this point to-day, dear comrade.	Or am I really such a clever Don Juan that I can turn the head of an innocent and trusting girl by a few simple, silent meetings?	I replied angrily: "But it is not I who am occupying myself with them, Signor Magnus!"	Do you know what a line is in measurement?	You must understand, my friend, that from that memorable night on I have been merely your disciple.	He will storm it with all the power of his species!	When Maria had retired I began as usual to prepare to return home but Magnus detained me.	My past...contains many dark pages, which I should like to redeem.	Thomas Magnus was not at home and, to my great surprise, I was received by Maria.	"Oh!"	I, too, am human.	To be sure, in Whitehead's mine we find an attempt to create consciousness, giving the shell the power to correct, so to speak, certain mistakes and to maintain a certain aim, but that is only a pitiful parody on eyesight...." "And you want your 'dynamite' to have consciousness, will and eyes?"	Those lights yonder in the sky--they are the lights of Rome.	They beat us and they will continue to beat us.	"I am quite satisfied with mine," said Toppi sadly, and turned away.	"I am happy to see that the road is open for you, my lord."	Take her, Wondergood, and you will soon convince yourself of the value of my gift.	It is strange, but with one turn of the head, with one phrase, expressed or conceived at the proper moment, I could, so to speak, halt the function of my very spirit and the entire operation would be performed outside of me.	(The latter, too, was saying the same thing.)	Forget this lesson.	Nonsense!	--he murmured: "blood!	Here is her monastery, Mr. Wondergood, and there is but one exit for her from here: into the Kingdom of Heaven, if it does exist!"	Have you, too, Mr. Wondergood, dropped in on us for a brief visit?"	He seemed strange to me: "I will take your money!"	And I no longer played, I no longer lied, when I replied to this gloomy man: "Yes, I have dropped in on you for a brief visit, Signor Magnus.	In my mouth are your cubic words, jostling one another about with their sharp corners, and I cannot tell you of the Extraordinary.	I am not going to repeat here the lecture on explosives given me by Magnus with great zeal and enthusiasm: it was the first time I had seen him in such a state of excitement.	We walked along the white road, I and my shadow, stopping occasionally and then again resuming our march.	You are too big a man to do little evil, just as billions constitute too much money, while honestly as far as great evil is concerned, I know not yet what _great evil_ is?	Thought made no reply.	Probably the same thing.	Isn't that your noble aim?	My funeral pyre was extinguished.	We felt quite relieved when she had gone and we were left alone with Magnus.	Think of it: I even remember that Roman face in the front row of spectators, which even then gave me no rest because of its idiotic expression and sleepy eyes: I am being burned and it sleeps!	As I expected, he has _completely_ forgotten his true origin: he regards all my reminders of our past as jests.	"The Roman police," I asked, betraying a slight excitement.	...But I see your smile and your cunning laugh: you _understand_ why I spoke so sourly of loneliness.... Ah, 'tis love!	This canaille Wondergood gets overgrown with hair as quickly as his golden skinned pigs.	"Meanwhile he rests in a foreign land, waiting--waiting for Free Russia to demand back his ashes, and pay tribute to his genius."	Tell Me, stranger: whither does _this_ road lead?	There is blood on them!	Every American millionaire has a nephew in Europe.	"Police?"	"And do you remember, Toppi, whence you have come?"	Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.