And in an instant all of this was stilled, dimmed, and had passed away, and then in the soft half-light, in the deep shadow, he had an image of one of the picture galleries where, the day before, for two hours, he had eluded his pursuers.	»Dearie, dearie, now don't be angry.	Then, why sacrifice himself?	»What?« »You haven't finished your glass, Liuba.	He watched and waited.	I'll fling you at their feet and tell them, 'Take your carrion!'	Why don't you answer?	I fling it away....« He let fall his hands, almost with a groan, and all their eyes looked downwards as though there really lay something down there, something delicate and brittle, that had been shattered into fragments--a beautiful human life.	You are not offended that I mistook you for a fool?	And I'll kiss your hand!« He moved away, and, with an air of sullen grief, said: »What are you trying to do with me, Liuba?	»You are going?	He was still standing there when Liuba ran in, excitedly calling to him from the door.	in the face of the living!	He smiled.	What have I done to you?	»Are your eyes open?« she asked.	And the woman, joyously, obediently, became limp in his arms.	Half an hour later, in the chill of the October morning, heavy boots were scrunching the hoar-frost and along the empty streets moved in silence a company of policemen and detectives.	That all the signal fires be extinguished.	Here--kiss it where it smarts!« She thrust her hand to his lips and withdrew it swiftly.	»Oh, you fine man!	Why shouldn't I be patient for another five minutes?« She sat back comfortably on the chair, as though in anticipation of a rare pleasure, and crossed her naked arms and closed her eyes.	You hit me, and I cannot let matters rest at that.« The girl smiled.	My relations with you are quite proper.	»What is the matter, Liuba?« he asked, shattered.	Here!	Little hand, you have hit a fine man!« She smiled, and did in fact three times stroke and kiss her right hand.	Look, dear, don't be deceitful.	He stepped toward the door.	Silence!« But she still quietly shook her head and repeated: »My God!	One shout--Halt!	»What?« »Off with you.	»But I thought you were going to stay....« »What?« »The key's in your pocket--for my sake.« The lock was already creaking.	And this made him again seem strange and unknown to her--and also very handsome.	For she was not of the faith.	»I can't hear what you say, Liuba?« Then something distant, dull, soaked in tears: »Wait--before you go ... over there ... some officers have arrived.	Do you want to go to the police, my dear?	And I do not know who you are, brother or bridegroom of mine.	Truth--that music and the jingling spurs?	I don't want that sort.« »What, then--what do you want?« »I want you, my darling,--you.	Merely because I have done no harm, merely because I have devoted all my life to these very people.	He turned away and slightly shrugged his shoulders.	Oh, Màrkusha!	All this was gone.	It was your own fault.	»What is there to make you merry?« He looked up coldly and turned aside.	If I have, forgive me.	But the music in the hall played on, the frequent little notes with bare heads hairless jostled up and down, and the thought came: »Now I can sleep.« And all at once he fell into a deep slumber.	He walked silently across the room in the direction where They were to be found, and said one word: »Well?« A chill came over him as he crossed his arms, facing Them; and that one little word held many meanings--a last farewell--some obscure challenge, some irrevocable evil resolution to fight everyone, even his own comrades--a little, a very little, sense of reproach.	You're a lot of ... and he's still an innocent boy!« She broke into sobs.	Just think!	I don't want to come--Very well, do as you like.	»That's not fine.	Drink!	He too at first pities me, and then gets angry, because I do not adore him as though he were an icon.	We will drink together!	»No, I never drink anything.« »What, never drink!	At first I was even offended.	The laughter and shrieks died away, and nothing but their heavy breathing was audible above the continuous stamping and clatter of feet--rabid, unrelenting, implacable.	But even then he did not stir.	The stillness lasted a long time; and then the calm, serious voice spoke: »I think, Liuba, there is still one cognac left on the table.	»Please drink!	»Why aren't you drinking?« he asked.	I saw it the moment you kissed my hand.	Such tears he had never seen!	Think it out for yourself, and I'll stop talking.	But he replied seriously: »I don't know.	What is the matter, Liuba?« She answered, but so faintly that he could not hear.	And, in his soul, laid waste by the conflagration of a desolated world, there glowed and gleamed, like a white fire of incandescent steel, one thing alone--his flaming will; blind now and purposeless, it was still greedily reaching out afar, while his body, undisturbed, was secretly being steeled in the feeling of limitless power and ability to create all things or to shatter all things at will.	»A hero, indeed!« the superintendent prayerfully recanted.	He's only shaved his beard.	Isn't that a revolver you have in your pocket?	»Oh, of course ... but that's silly!« »But do you know how much you have on you?	»Listen!	She explained briefly: »The officers are starting a dance.	Outside the spurs were jingling rhythmically, and the pianist with revived energy was conscientiously beating out a vigorous mazurka.	»Take them!« When he was left alone and without the revolver he had carried so many years, the half open door letting in the sound of strange voices and the clink of spurs, he felt the whole weight of the great burden he had taken on his shoulders.	And then I saw that this, too, came from this fineness of yours.	»You hang him--and it pleases you both: him because he is going straight to the Kingdom of Heaven, and you as a demonstration that brave men still exist.	And--strange!--Liuba smiled.	Square-cheeked, hard-headed, conscious only of the conflict in his soul, he sat there resting his head on his hands and slowly turning his eyes as though from one extreme of life to the other.	And now it was too late even for prison.	Nobody understood his wild speech, but they found him pleasing in himself, his pale figure and his peculiar quality of wickedness.