There was not one of our men who did not     grind his teeth when we witnessed the grim action, only too     expressive, of the Turk as he drew his right hand, clenched as though     he held a yataghan in it, across his throat.	The more I read on the subject, the more directly the evidences pointed towards this view.	As you perhaps know, the gallant     little Nation in the Land of the Blue Mountains has had a strange     history.	The Voivodin, may I say, bore the trial     wonderfully.	I took it in both mine as I fell on my knees, and raised it to my lips.	Without a word in the doing, I took from an old chiffonier chest an armful of blankets, several of which I threw over her as she lay, for in the meantime, having replaced the coverlet, she had lain down at length on the bed.	When I had signalled to Vissarion, before my arrival there, word had been sent through the priesthood to enlist in the investigation the services of all good men, so that every foot of ground in that section of the Blue Mountains was being investigated.	Last night I had a new experience of my Lady of the Shroud--in so far as form was concerned, at any rate.	As the time had now come, I gave him the bulky letter addressed to him, marked "D" which I had in my safe.	RUPERT'S JOURNAL--_Continued_.	It is not like the uneasiness that went before the abduction of Teuta and the Voivode, but it is even more pronounced.	May I ask on what subject you wish to see me?"	Again and again the handjars flashed, as the cheers rose "three times three" in British fashion.	Well, 'tis a bad wind that blows good to nobody.	To one and all of us it was like lashing     us across the face.	In such wise only can Justice and Mercy join hands.	It was well known that he held her     as the very core of his heart and that if he should hear of her     death, he would be too much prostrated to be able to do the intricate     and delicate work which he had undertaken.	At any rate, they had     captured her, and through devious ways amongst the mountains were     bearing her back to Turkey.	Officers, according to him, are a different class, and accustomed to a different standard altogether of life and living, of duties and pleasures.	It     was received with manifest rejoicing.	I asked if he would breakfast on     board; he answered that he would take his _cafe-complet_ at the     hotel, but breakfast on board.	At last, turning her head towards me she said in a sweet, low voice: "I had intended coming earlier on purpose to thank you for your very sweet and gracious courtesy to me, but circumstances were such that I could not leave my--my"--she hesitated before saying--"my abode.	No wonder that she could meet me at the Flagstaff when she so desired.	Everywhere he had been received with distinguished courtesy, and given a sympathetic hearing.	Well, all I can do now is to     carry out his wishes; that will be my expiation for my neglect.	They might even     imagine that there was on foot some deep, dark plot which was, or     might be, a menace, now or hereafter, to their independence.	It thrilled me to touch my Lady's hand, even under such mysterious conditions.	For two days before his coming there had been quite an unusual number of arrivals at the little port, at which arrivals are rare.	Whilst I was looking at this lovely prospect, I thought I saw something white flit, like a modified white flash, at odd moments from one to another of the shrubs or statues--anything which would afford cover from observation.	In order to see and hear better, I softly moved back the folding grille, opened the French window, and stepped out, bare-footed and pyjama-clad as I was, on the marble terrace.	But there was no mistaking their acquiescence in his most generous prayer.	I have now three bedrooms arranged as my own particular dens.	It is just     the same kind of building as the stone-work of the sentry's walk on     the roof and of the great old guard-room under it.	He has offered to do it if I should wish.	_July_ 10, 1907.	I steadied myself against the signal-gun, and looked again.	These were evidently in a terrified hurry, for they had     taken no precautions such as are necessary baffle pursuit, and all of     which take time.	I began to understand the true meaning of the strange occurrences that have come into my life.	I want to tell you all     about our new home.	This you will catch into the hook at the end of the lowered rope.	I could just struggle through it with considerable effort, holding my breath here and there, so as to reduce my depth of chest.	He, of course, knew nothing then of all have now told     you.	In time, however (the Voivode went on), these matters became so far declared as to allow the waiting Powers to form definite judgment--which, of course, they did not declare to him--as to their own ultimate action.	Here, in comparison with the solid darkness of the crypt, it seemed almost light.	I shall add the odd five minutes to the time for my journey so as to make safe.	It will be easier for Rupert to lift us to the airship."	You knew her sweetness and high quality, so I need say nothing of     these; but I should like you to understand that she was very dear to     me.	As she entered and felt the warmth of the blazing fire, a glad look spread over her face.	As I finished speaking I sank on my knees at her feet, and, putting my arms round her, drew her close to me.	Beyond this they could discover nothing.	Meet it in the gate, not the     hall.	When, in the early morning, they met, all were jubilant; for late at night the fire-signal had flamed up from Ilsin with the glad news that the Voivode Peter Vissarion was safe, having been rescued with great daring on an aeroplane by his daughter and the Gospodar Rupert, as the people call him--Mister Rupert Sent Leger, as he is in his British name and degree.	.	With surging ears and eyes that     saw blood, I rushed along with best of them.	Seeing that they made in themselves a difficulty of landing on the wall, I deflected the plane so that, as we crept over the wall, we might, if they became displaced, brush them to the outside of the wall.	There was, therefore, left for me in the present nothing but to wait.	Is that a task for old hands to undertake?	Should you     ever care to know more of these things, Mr. Trent, in whose name the     stock is left, will be delighted to give you all details.	You     will not stand in the way of my having this great pleasure, will you,     dear?	Moreover, I know that awful resting-place."	When I had trued my course by the landmarks and with the compass lit by the Tiny my electric light in the dark box, I had time to look about me.	From what the Vladika said at that meeting they have some intention of an attack on the Blue Mountains.	But as I continued to think, the possibilities of any result seemed to get less, and I found myself vainly trying to reconcile with the logic of life the grim episode of the night.	The recollection then came to me of the proximity of the church to the top of the beetling cliff, and of the half-sunk cavern entrances which pierced it.	I had hoped that the mountaineers had come to trust me; that gathering at which they wanted to fire their guns for me gave me strong hopes.	He asked the President to call on me to read the report of that meeting.	Every man     carries a rifle--and knows how to use it, too.	When I was in bed, and in the dark save for the fading glow of the fire, my thoughts became fixed that whether she came from Earth or Heaven or Hell, my lovely visitor was already more to me than aught else in the world.	Her guide then took his place behind her.	He dropped like a stone, and my heart sank.	Still, as there was a certain danger in her     being seen at all, we thought it necessary to exact from her a solemn     oath that so long as her sad task lasted she should under no     circumstances ever wear any dress but her shroud--this being the only     way to insure secrecy and to prevail against accident.	I am safe.	I am not a young man, but, young or old, my pennon shall float over no other deck.	And 'twill be no comedy for them in the Tower.	He was wrapped up in his work.	It was from _Occultism_ that I learned how you     had made a stay alone in the haunted catacombs of Elora, in the far     recesses of the Himalayas, and of the fearful experiences which, when     you came out shuddering and ghastly, overcame to almost epileptic     fear those who had banded themselves together to go as far as the     rock-cut approach to the hidden temple.	She thought she had seen me in the crypt of a great church close beside a stone coffin; and, knowing that such was an ominous subject to dream about, came as soon as she dared to see if I was all right.	The Austrian is at our very gates.	Your mother     was very dear to me.	That is not possible, but I thought you wished that I should be careful."	It was bad enough and stupid enough for him to try to kiss a decent young woman like Julia, who is really as good as gold and as modest as one of our own Highland lassies; but to think of him insulting Teuta!	Russia, often hurled back, was     waiting an opportunity to attack.	Well, all told, this is much.