I am honoured in being trusted.'	After a pause of a few seconds he said abruptly: 'Good night!'	After the funeral Harold, with an instinctive delicacy of feeling, had gone to live in his own house; but he came to Normanstand every day.	She sank on her knees beside her bed, and buried her face in her cold hands, sobbing in all that saddest and bitterest phase of sorrow which can be to a woman's heart: the sorrow that is dry-eyed and without hope.	Now, in her loneliness and woe and fear, she clung to her in spirit.	answered Leonard.	Intention revolved upon itself till its weak side was exposed, and, it was abandoned.	Of all those who loved her, none seemed to understand so fully as Laetitia Rowly the change in her mental attitude, or rather the development of it.	.	. '	Neither said a word of disfavour, or even commented on the magnitude.	hee!	Her arms could not go round his neck till he had bent his head, for with his great height he simply towered above her.	The first reception of the idea was positive anguish.	He sat down at once, saying surlily: 'I beg your pardon.	His reply came quickly, and was a little aggressive; he thought this might be a good time to make a bluff: 'I do not see that that is necessary.	Harold!	.	He's a cool one that.	Often she had looked up at the old windmill on the crest of the ridge and wondered who inhabited it; for that some one lived in it, or close by, was shown at times by the drifting smoke.	As to jewellers .	Here Stephen covered her face in one moment of rapture.	That which makes the irony of life will perhaps never be understood in its casual aspect by the finite mind of man.	She took note of the date, and there was never a day that she did not think of and sigh for The Man.	Here a burst of pain overcame him, and with a dry sob he added: 'And that is what makes the terrible unfairness of it all!'	But the details were repugnant as ever to her; concentrating her mind on the point where she felt the ground firm under her, she made her objection: 'But, Stephen dear, there are so many cases that are sordid and painful!'	He had so grievously wounded her pride the previous day that her victory on this was a compensation which set her more at her old poise.	As you have made your bed, so must you lie on it!'	The old woman said not a word.	Look how the waves are lashing the cliff; and mark the white water beyond!	You are no light weight!'	After a while this so far changed that her old lighter moods began to have their place, but it seemed that she never lost, and that she never would lose, the effect of that week of bitter experience amongst the 'submerged tenth.'	I'll prove it to you.	God help you to judge wisely!'	It was foolish and weak to delay.	She was able to adapt herself, justifiably to the needs of her position; and all around her and dependent on her began to realise that amongst them was a controlling force, far-reaching sympathy, and a dominant resolution that made for good.	She looked an admiration which all her Quaker garments could not forbid the other to feel.	His companion bowed gravely and went on.	Harold was inspirited by the coming of the new day.	Harold felt a prick like a pin in his neck; and turned to seize his companion.	You have won many honours in the schools, and you have kept the reputation as an athlete which your father was so proud of.	'You are a good fellow; and I am grateful to you, both for what you have done and what you have told me.	He took it to his room before breaking the seal.	The few seconds seemed like hours.	And you came to tell me that you loved me.	Things .	No one to sympathise with her for all that she had suffered!	He met but few persons, and those only cottiers.	Just as though it were photographed on the retina!'	But I hope--I believe, that in your case it will not be so.	'And I am Stephen,' said the Countess de Lannoy in reply.	In old days Harold was always within hail, and companionship of equal age and understanding was available.	He felt that it would not do to refuse to let her see him; it might look suspicious.	Then came the inevitable process of reason.	Momentarily sobbed him to that point when he could be coherent and vindictive, though not to the point where he could think ahead.	He had been reared altogether in convention.	He's putting the cap on the child's head.	If it should be that you and Stephen should find that there is another affection between you remember I sanction it.	She had not opened it, but had allowed it to rest beside her plate all breakfast- time.	Stephen acquiesced.	Of course, had you accepted my offer of marriage you should never have known that.	'Why unwise, Auntie?'	They both slipped on the sloping deck and fell together into the scuppers.	She could not speak what was in her mind; she turned away, hiding in her hands her face which fairly seemed to burn.	She felt he deserved some punishment for his personal rudeness to her.	The fire above, though it threw shadows, made light enough for everything.	At the same moment came a puff of wind of greater violence than ever.	Brute yourself!	On deck the anguish of the child's parents was pitiable.	I buy it of you.	And be loyal to her, if it is another!	No!	In the dusk of the evening he wandered out to his favourite spot, the cable-tank on top of the aft wheelhouse.	Mr Hilton blew out the candle.	All at once there came back to him fragments of discussions--in which Stephen had had a part, in which matters of convention had been dealt with.	I think, therefore, it will be well if even you do not see him.	We have burned them ever since that man began to swim ashore.'	And the shape that confidence should take?	Those who call themselves "smart!"	Oh!	It was her turn to protect now!	Her answer was: "Come at once"; and at tea-time Mr. Copleston arrived.	There does not seem to be blame for him who is the more guilty.