Once again he held out his hands, and we clasped each other warmly.	The united Crowns of Upper and Lower Egypt were, in especial, cut with exquisite precision.	We shall be away before the Argus-eyed Pressman is on the watch.	We had taken the mummy from the sarcophagus, and packed it for safety of travel in a separate case.	Of course, I had no foreknowledge of what has happened; but I knew something would, or might, happen.	With an effort, however, he restrained himself; leaning back on his pillows he said quietly: "Tell me all about it!	Well, Mr. Ross, I'm glad the case is over; for over it is, so far as I am concerned.	She was looking terribly wearied and haggard; and the sight of her pale cheeks made my heart ache.	There was a sort of chastened joy in his face and manner as he said impulsively: "Rejoice with me, my dear Miss Trelawny, my luggage has come and all my things are intact!"	"Oh, speak!	Those who remain are to have in future double wages; and please send these to me presently when I send word."	Still, she spoke to you of her loneliness--her desolation.	"My child!	all the more difficult would be my search; for undertaken it must be!	I was recalled by Mr. Trelawny's firm voice: "Now we shall see to the lamps and finish our preparations."	"Certainly, my dear!"	Its point was stuck in the parquet floor, whence had been removed the blood-stained rug.	With seven fingers on one hand, and seven toes on one foot.	I have respected that; and I must ask any of my friends to do the same."	That day was a long and anxious one.	Then I set me to work to find what had become of his treasures; for that such a traveller must have had great treasures was apparent.	I could not but be moved by the loving touches as she fixed his pillows and brushed the hair from his forehead.	He has no hobbies--that have been discovered at all events; and his experience is immense.	All that I can say is that I didn't mean to, and I tried to avoid it; but it was over me before I knew it.	"What does that mean?"	These had not been used to preserve the intestines as usual, so they must have been placed there for some other purpose.	But their hope was a false one, as it proved.	What then was it?	Again, these old miracle-workers probably understood some practical way of using other forces, and amongst them the forces of light that at present we do not dream of.	This was rather a form than a matter of utility, for the room was so dark that coming even from the dimly-lighted corridor it was hard to distinguish anything.	Seven was to her a magic number; and no wonder.	We both want to find out the truth; and there is so much about this case that is strange--so strange as to go beyond all experiences--that to aim at truth is our only chance of making anything clear in the long-run--no matter what our views are, or what object we wish to achieve ultimately!"	Before coming to her father's she went into that occupied by Nurse Kennedy.	It was steered by Harpocrates towards the north, represented by the Pole Star surrounded by Draco and Ursa Major.	"Does nothing strike you as strange about it, sir?"	At the last attempt I was Miss Trelawny fainted.	The Magic Coffer, so wondrously wrought with seven sides, we learn from the same source, came from the aerolite.	The room was filled suddenly with a blaze of light.	I asked: "Was this the direction of your first shot or your second?"	He did not move when I crossed, until I got close to him, when he said in a dull whisper: "It is all right; I have not been asleep!"	And yet here I am, kicking my heels for six hours; knowing all the time that your master will be a hundred times angrier than I am, when he hears how the time has been fooled away.	The narrative went on to tell how, after passing for several days through the mountains to the east of Aswan, the explorer came to a certain place.	"Strange!"	It was only when the work was taken up and followed by Young and Champollion, by Birch and Lepsius and Rosellini and Salvolini, by Mariette Bey and by Wallis Budge and Flinders Petrie and the other scholars of their times that great results ensued, and that the true meaning of hieroglyphic was known.	When I returned Nurse Kennedy was ready to go to bed; so Miss Trelawny watched with me in the room.	She looked somewhat distressed; so, thinking that I understood the immediate cause, I asked: "May we see the list?"	It was a grim beginning to our work; and it made my heart sink when I thought of what might happen in that lonely house in the mid-gloom of the night.	for her physical appearance remained the same.	I had it on when I came on duty; but it did not keep me from going to sleep.	Not at all!	On this table stood a case of about a foot square composed of slabs of rock crystal set in a skeleton of bands of red gold, beautifully engraved with hieroglyphics, and coloured with a blue green, very much the tint of the figures on the sarcophagus and the coffer.	I took the stranger into the little boudoir across the hall.	My God!	Margaret spoke with a strange ring in her voice; a ring that cannot be, unless there is the consciousness of truth behind it: "It means that at the sunset the 'Ka' is to enter the 'Ab'; and it is only at the sunrise that it will leave it!"	I had had but half a night's sleep last night; and this night I must remain awake.	For the rest the sea was a dark blue plain with an occasional flicker of light as the gleam of starlight fell on the slope of a swelling wave.	"But the Chapel was not empty; for the dried-up body of a man in Arab dress lay close under the opening, as though he had been stricken down.	He went on: "You are quite correct.	The Plough was high in the heavens, and both its stars and the Pole Star were straight opposite the window.	Something brushed against my leg.	When he saw her, a hopeful look came into his eyes.	"But why shall we go there?'	After that we should have to--" Just at this moment the door opened and Miss Trelawny entered the room.	He spoke with great dignity; and he grew, moment by moment, in the respect and esteem of both Doctor Winchester and myself.	When we had all got back to earth again in our various ways, Mr. Trelawny, holding his daughter's hand in his, went on with his discourse: "Now, as to the time at which Queen Tera intended her resurrection to take place!	I followed the direction of his hand and came to the low table whereon rested, amongst other curios, the mummy of the cat which had raised Silvio's ire.	Instinctively I said as I drew back: "Why, his claws are like razors!"	And as we may finally prove that there are different kinds and qualities of light, so we may find that combustion may have its own powers of differentiation; that there are qualities in some flames non-existent in others.	He was silent.	As he had told us, these contained the whole of the hieroglyphics on walls and ceilings and floor of the tomb in the Valley of the Sorcerer.	Thus it was, that at the very time when Mr. Trelawny, who, in making his great collection of works on Egypt, had, through a booksellers' catalogue, acquired this volume with the manuscript translation, was studying it, I was reading another copy, in original Dutch, in Leyden.	He pointed to where the sun was sinking into the sea in a halo of golden fire, and his face was as set as flint.	We looked at each other; but no one quailed.	Such a man would have more knowledge and more experience; and his knowledge and experience might help to throw light on poor Father's case.	I thought that he was lying to cover up his base intention of deserting us; and I found when we compared notes that Trelawny had the same suspicion.	The Detective answered heartily: "Lord, sir, not I.  I like to see folks angry when I am dealing with them, whether they are on my side or the other.	His device of fastening the key to his wrist by a steel bangle, though successful in the end, had wellnigh cost him his life.	When the sun has dipped below the sea, it will be too late!"	He asked us men to come with him; and going to the hall we presently managed to lower into the cave an oak table, fairly long and not too wide, which stood against the wall in the hall.	What was there to so overcome me, as was the case?	I had never seen her till I did so in your presence.	We took with us the Stele of lapis lazuli, whose graven record was coloured with vermilion pigment.	And the Recorder could have wrought as usual in sunlight and shadow, which may be taken to represent the final expressions of Heaven and Hell.