This young man's speech, though an insult to the nation, was directed to me, and by me only it ought to have been answered, and that seriously.	Look at these bulwarks of nature!	For now, whithersoever he moved, he found his victories had preceded him; and all, from hall to hovel, turned out to greet and offer him their services.	returned a young man who stood near him, "must be the enemy of Edward; and to none else will we yield our arms!"	While the men were towing it, and buffeting with it through the breakers, he too threw himself into the sea to swim by its side, and be in readiness in case of accident.	Edwin released, Wallace dropped his assailant, who, staggering a few paces, fell senseless to the ground, and instantly expired.	"Let me look on thee!"	"And feel it too, my sturdy jailer," returned the prince; "so look to yourself."	It is not the public field I fear for him; his valiant arm will there be his own guard!	Lord Badenoch replied to this rough exhortation with the tranquillity belonging to his nature--"I see not the least foundations for any of your charges against Sir William Wallace.	Loch Lomond.	The Englishman and Halbert, on the first falling of the flag, not knowing its spring, had unsuccessfully tried to re-raise it, that they might assist Murray in the tumult above.	"What would you have me do, madam?	The general hostility of the nobles, the unresisting acquiescence of the people in measures which menaced his life and sacrificed the freedom for which he had so long fought, convinced him, he said, that his warlike commission was now closed.	A new scene of royalty presented itself in this gay court to Wallace, for all was pageant and chivalric gallantry; but it had no other effect on him than that of exciting those benevolent affections which rejoiced in the innocent gayeties of his fellow-beings.	"Stirling Castle."	repeated she; "wretched indeed is my country when her noblest spirits are denied the right to live!-when every step they take to regain what has been torn from them, only involves them in deeper ruin!"	"May I die," cried the old man, "ere I hear it is otherwise!	Ruthven participated in these hopes, and the friends returned into the council-tent.	Ambition, and the base counterfeit of love, those two master passions in untempered minds, were the springs of this antipathy.	"This language, Lord Soulis!"	To witness the success of his comprehensive designs, and to settle a dispute between Lord Ruthven and the Earl of Athol, relative to the government of Perth, Lord Mar strongly urged him (since he had driven the enemy so many hundred miles into their own country) to repair immediately to the scene of controversy.	The council stood in silence, staring on each other; and, to add to their dismay, Fraser had hardly completed his narration, before a messenger from Tiviotdale arrived to inform the regent that King Edward was himself within a few miles of the Cheviots; and, from the recovered position of Berwick, must have even now poured his thousands over those hills upon the plains beneath.	Be steady in your fidelity to Scotland, and He who hath hitherto protected the just cause, will nerve your arms to lay invasion and its base coadjutors again in the dust."	De Valence frowned heavily as he looked on him, and thanked his fortunate stars that Helen was absent from sharing the admiration which seemed to animate every breast.	As he spoke, he strained her to his breast, with the contending expressions of passion and revenge glaring in his eyes.	It will do you good, as it will me, to look on his beneficent face!"	He was the envoy who had brought the Prince of Wales' dispatches to Stirling.	Shrieks from within followed the sound.	He had ridden nearly another hour, when the dead silence of the scene was broken by the roll of distant thunder.	The skirts of a human figure appeared, retreating behind the ruins.	cried the horror-struck Cressingham, struggling with preternatural strength to extricate himself.	The wolves have now driven the shepherd from the fold," cried he, "and the flock will soon be devoured!	While his companions were still wrapped in sleep, Wallace stole away to seek some knowledge respecting the part of the Isle of Arran on which they were cast.	We must learn to imitate him, as well as to-"  She hesitated, then added, "As well as to revere him, I do before the altars of the saints.	Several times she essayed to emerge, and join him; but a sudden awe of him, a conviction of that saintly purity which would shrink from the guilty vows she was meditating to pour into his ear, a recollection of the ejaculation with which he had accosted her before hovering figure, when she haunted his footsteps on the banks of the Cart; these thoughts made her pause.	I only required to be shown the right path to pursue it, and Sir William Wallace came to point the way.	returned he.	while he darted forward.	As Wallace gave his orders from this commanding station, he observed the besieged passing in numbers behind a mound, in the direction of the tower where he stood: he concluded what was their design; and ordering a countermine to be made, what he anticipated happened; and Murray, at the head of his miners, encountered those of the castle at the very moment they would have set fire to the combustibles laid to consume the tower.	for it is to tell of our countless distresses.	The meridian moon shone full into the hovel, and shed a broad light upon their victims.	Her eyes had followed the chief, who, during this narrative, leaned thoughtfully against the entrance of the cave.	The persevered hostilities of Edward against Scotland explained the delay; but the king yet hoped for a favorable reply, and made such entreaties to Bruce and his friend to remain in Paris till it should arrive, that they at last granted a reluctant consent.	cried Wallace, trying to regain so tender a mind from the paralyzing terrors which had seized it; "Look up, and hear me recount the first fruits of your maiden arms, to our gallant friend."	If in aught I have betrayed my trust, led the powers which raised me be my accusers.	And were he extinct, the blood royal flows in too many noble veins in Scotland for me to usurp its rights."	Chapter LXXI.	And when I had covered myself, as Lord Buchan too truly says, with the blood of my children; when I asked my friend for the crown I had served for, what was his answer?	"Happy am I," cried he, "that the hospitality which John Baliol intended to show to a mere traveler, confers on him the distinction of serving one of a race whose favor confers protection, and its friendship honor."	This dream seemed prophetic.	It is many miles from the chateau, and lies in so remote a direction, that were the earl to pursue us, I am sure he would never choose this path."	Every ear hung on his answer.	There reigned the silence of the tomb; there existed the expiring agonies of men left to perish.	The cry that issued from the Southron troops at this sight again nerved the vengeful Edward, and ordering the signal for his reserve to advance, he renewed the attack; and assaulting Wallace, with all the fury of his heart in his eyes and arms, he tore the earth with the trampling of disappointed vengeance, when he found the invincible phalanx still stood firm.	Her marriage with me may facilitate that peace with England which must be the wish of us all; and perhaps the lord wardenship which De Warenne now holds may be transferred to me.	And yet it was not for myself I feared: my brave and confiding soldiers were in all my thoughts; for I saw it was not to meet an army I led them, but against a whirlwind, a storm of war, with which no strength that I commanded could contend."	He arose, and making a sign to his friends, withdrew toward his men.	"Every Scot in this land," returned Wallace, inflamed with an indignation he did not attempt to repress, "would thus answer Bruce, not only in reference to England, but to himself!	"Where are my friends?--Where Graham, Badenoch and Bothwell?--Where all, brave Scrymgeour, that I do not know see?"	It cannot be long before King Edward discovers the motives of their accusations, and his noble nature will acquit you accordingly."	Thy heart will tell thee, Bruce, who is this man; and if honor yet remain in that iron region, thou wilt not disbelieve the asseverations of an honest Scot, who proclaims that it was to save them whom thou didst abandon, that he appeared in the armies of Scotland.	I abhor these sons of Lucifer.	Who raised my eyes to see the assassin!	Every sword was arrested, and the universal clangor of battle was hushed in expecting silence.	"But you will return with us to Huntingtower," cried Grimsby.	"Long live our William the Lion!	"It is for my father's friend I fear," gently answered she; "I can have no dread for myself while under such protection."	perhaps--"  Here she paused, for tears stopped her utterance.	He told Wallace that he had met the two sons of the late Lord Badenoch in Guienne; that James, who now pretended such resentment of his father's death, had ever been a rebellious son.	Wallace, now with two rowers only, applied his whole strength to their aid.	"By the powers of hell," exclaimed he, when the project of surprising Bothwell was imparted to him, "if I once get that proud minion into my grasp, she shall be mine as I will, and learn to beg for even a look from the man who has humbled her!"	"I have," was his answer.	He offered to lay down his arms, provided he might be exempted from relinquishing the royal standard, and that he and his men might be permitted to return without delay to England.	Edwin, seeing naught but the death of his friend before his sight, regardless of himself, made a spring from his side, and snatched a dagger from the belt of one of the murderers.	Bruce looked at her with delighted wonder.	Only twelve hours--hardly twelve hours, have I seen this William Wallace, and yet my very being is now lost in his!"	The chieftains, with bows, acquiesced in his mandate, and fell back toward their troops.	Oh!	but if a plank could save him now, you would not throw it to him!	Bruce and Wallace started on their feet and laid their hands on their swords.	Edward suspected something in this sudden attachment of the countess, which, should it transpire, might cool the ardor of his officer for uniting so useful an agent to his cause; therefore, having highly approved De Warenne's conduct in affair, to hasten the nuptials, he proposed being present at their solemnization that very evening.	rejoined Lady Mar.