God!	My reference was to this one flaw, which may yet shatter him.	He has your pay-check waiting for you."	"Come, sit up, Tommy.	You've turned the trick.	It was so dry with frost that scarcely a flake clung to their coats when they pushed in through the storm doors.	Mrs. Gantry was not a savage.	"Then I promise you two waltzes.	You're too kind!	We share the same pew.	Now, you know, we desire to reach Mrs. Gantry's as soon as possible."	"She--!"	Silent and frowning, he was ushered to a door that he had not before entered.	What's more, Mollie said--" "Mollie!"	"Gad!	"What else, then?"	snapped Griffith.	Blake."	Well, start on.	Yet Lord James sought to avert the worst.	Blake quivered as though the frosty air had at last sent a chill through his powerful frame.	I am certain he will wait until you have found out--" "I cannot promise anything now," replied Genevieve.	"You look so grave," she said.	"He was down at the depot.	He turned quickly to Lord James.	I can't imagine how your mother can allow you and Genevieve to speak to him, when she knows what he is.	Earl Jimmy had nothing to do with the rescue ships that Uncle Herbert cabled to search the Mozambique coast.	Post me up, that's a good girl!	"Wait!	We must first settle the question.	"Everything for Vievie, coronet included!"	'Bout time, I'd say."	But the fellow had been in training for years.	After you pulled out the last time--after the competition,--he put in plans and got the Michamac Bridge."	I shall do my utmost to make your cousin happy."	How soon do you figure on the wedding?"	His gaze followed the bridge-service track past the cookhouse and bunkhouse and the storehouses, out across the completed shore span to the gigantic structure of the south cantilever.	"What you doing here, Tommy?	"That's the question.	But no; what I spoke of was something that was already in my own mind."	"You both insist that the fellow is--is not absolutely unspeakable!	broke in Mr. Leslie, clutching the Englishman's hand in a nervous grip.	Crowds part easier before a pretty, smiling, fashionably dressed girl than before a foppish young man who affects the French mode.	"I'll not forget 'Miss Gantry,' and I wish you wouldn't so often.	I'll shoot!"	"You, his friend, and would take her from him!"]	I don't forget you began to play fair just as soon as you got next to how matters stood between.--how they stood with me."	"You knew!"	"Does he paint, Vievie?"	"_Oof!_" grunted Blake, as the cold deluge poured down upon his bare head and body.	"My other friends will remember that he saved my life."	"You love him 'bout as much as I do."	"Aunt Amice always calls by for papa.	Don't go yet."	So far I'm only--" "Tom!"	"It is just to Genevieve."	"Oh, thank you!"	"Oh, she believes it--or thinks she does.	Though he spoke slowly, his enunciation was distinct.	"See here, Vievie.	Well, you understand I'm on the job now; I've accepted the offer."	It's, of course, your father's affair."	she gasped.	He picked up the vellum-cloth drawings of the central span and some of the blueprints, and began in a matter-of-fact manner to roll them up.	"Er--glad to meet you again so soon, Mr. Leslie," said Lord James, deftly placing himself so that the other could not avoid his proffered hand without marked discourtesy.	He paused and then straightened to face his friend.	But it's too late.	You should know that.	I didn't notice a single one of the usual signs.	"That's a lie, and you know it, Tommy.	Egregious mistake, I fear.	He's been too busy on the Zariba field books."	You've a hundred men out there on that deadfall--a million dollars' worth of steel-work!	"Well, guess we're through swapping compliments.	We take it symbolically."	They want me to try you out on some work I'm too busy to do myself.	asked Genevieve, here eyes radiant.	he asked huskily.	"I was afraid you might think I was trying to dodge your conditions.	In a corner of the drawer was a squat black bottle and a tumbler.	muttered Blake.	You'll give me another chance?	Only after what seemed an age of waiting could she find words for the stress of bitter disappointment and mortified love that drove the blood to her heart and left her white and dizzy.