he interrupted, deeply interested in this phenomenon.	Bangs strolled back to the dressing-case and resumed his interrupted toilet.	Louise, superb, arrogant, beautiful Louise, was really ill, desperately ill. A feeling of remorse mingled with his sense of shock.	"Now you see how ve looked after him, like she told us to!"	Therefore, though every impulse in him responded to her first intimate use of his name, he dropped negligently into the chair facing hers, tenderly embraced his knees with both arms, and answered with just the right accent of casual interest and interrogation.	With the manner of one who has unlimited time at her disposal, she demanded her bill, a written one, and paid it.	The rest was up to him, and he felt equal to it.	he said.	For the time being, he frantically assured his trembling inner self, she was safe.	"And all his promises to Barbara are off.	"I know.	But if it gets worse--" Laurie reflected, anxiously shaking his head--"if it gets worse I'll send for Sonya," he finished brightly.	He nodded and strolled back to Miss Mayo's table.	"Come along, please.	"Out in the garage.	"I'll listen to it," Laurie promised.	The return of the basket, of course, might mean either of two conditions--that the girl was too proud to accept help, or that she was really in no need of it.	"Yes, open the door."	"Will you put on a 'spare,' please, and take a look at the other shoes?"	1.F.3.	No, sah, Sam don' come on tell eight o'clock.	He was a fine mimic.	Bangs repeated the comment to his chum the next morning, during the late dressing-hour which now gave them almost their only opportunity for a few words together.	There was horror in the brown eyes now and an antagonism that hurt him.	"It will be mighty unpleasant for you," he went on, thoughtfully.	Have it packed nicely in a box.	He will catch me when he chooses, and roll me about under his paws for a while, and then--perhaps--let me go again."	He pictured the girl in the mirror as stretched on her virginal cot in the final exhaustion of starvation; and the successful effort to keep away from the studio building till four o'clock called for all his will power.	Rodney tried to speak naturally.	"I know--but I'm tired."	"Say, lady," he begged urgently, "I'm down an' out.	"She may be better in a day or two," he said, more buoyantly than he felt.	She jes' moved in here las' Tuesday."	Laurie moved closer to him.	Then go on your joyous way.	If I had to use them every time I spoke to you, it might check my inspiration.	Our journey to the station comes first."	He had not expected it to give, and he knew exactly what he meant to do.	You're not the kind to 'emote'!"	This was serious news.	"Very well," she said.	Remember your promise.	Understand?"	Flushing, Bayside, Little Neck, Manhasset, Roslyn, Glenhead, one by one they floated past.	The meek blond secretary with the pursuing eyes and the chloroforming habit was certainly in the house.	he said at last.	She turned now and looked at him, and there was venom in the glance.	I've done that.	"Why not?	All three were tactfully ignoring Bangs, who had walked over to the window and by the exercise of all his will-power was now getting his nerves under control.	Yet he had promised to trust, to believe, "whatever happened."	He drew two big chairs close to the open fire, and, leading Doris to one, seated her in it, and took the other himself, turning it to face hers.	It was a queer place, anyhow, he added; one couldn't get to it from the main road, but had to follow a blind path, which he himself had blundered into by chance, when he was thinking about something else.	What did all this mean?	Laurie pondered that problem.	she asked at last, and without moving her head.	He would _know_, and at once, who was in that house with Doris.	No, the girl explained, there were no station loafers around now.	It seemed a good one.	"What do you mean by it?	An' ef he don' stop hangin' 'round yere, somethin's gwine t' happen to dat man," he robustly asserted.	"We're going to the bank--" "We are not."	He, too, was suddenly formal.	In little more than the time he had predicted he opened the door and held it wide.	Shaw."	he asked with interest.	Granting, then, that she had gone doggedly to meet the ultimate issue of the experience, whatever that might be, she had nevertheless appealed to him, Laurie, for help.	"It was _you!_ How dared you!"	he jerked out.	Her hot hand caught his and held it.	I hate hotels and--" Louise lay silent for a moment.	"Shut up!"	He was puzzled.	But the door opened as promptly as if some one had been standing there awaiting his signal, and on its threshold a forbidding-looking woman, haglike as to hair and features but cleanly dressed, stood regarding him with strong disapproval.	Doris had become a fatalist.	"Twenty seconds," he ended.	He stopped, for she was crying again, and the sight, which had taxed his strength an hour earlier, overtaxed it now.	He was increasingly preoccupied.	But the time was so short; I really had no choice."	He held this before her.	"Yes.	A generous square opening appeared in the ceiling, and leading down from it was the gratifying vision of a small ladder.	Association with me, and the study of my poise, will do a lot for you.