He could have poured out all his despair to him; he had often enough before; and Henslowe was out of the army now.	"Good morning.	I thought you said we'd have to amputate?"	Andrews jumped up eagerly.	He held out his hand again.	“War ain't no picnic.” “Ah doan give a hoot in hell,” said Chrisfield.	They heard the steps come nearer, wander about irresolutely and then go off in the direction from which they had come.	A wavering half-cheer would come from the column now and then where it was passing the staff car.	"Why did you?"	spluttered Judkins, breathless.	Naw, sir,” said Fuselli emphatically, “I was born in Frisco.” “Indeed?	A captain with a sandy mustache was striding up and down with a blanket about him, on the road just behind a clump of beech trees.	"Right dress!"	Everything was black again.	Andrews walked boldly to the furthest desk, where a little red card leaning against the typewriter said “Regimental Sergeant-Major.” Behind the desk, crouched over a heap of typewritten reports, sat a little man with scanty sandy hair, who screwed up his eyes and smiled when Andrews approached the desk.	I juss work it though.... Ye see, it was this way.	Men settled themselves to listen.	At the suburban railway station, they sat silent, side by side on a bench, sniffing the flowers now and then, so sunk in languid weariness that they could hardly summon strength to climb into a seat on top of a third class coach, which was crowded with people coming home from a day in the country.	The big gun fired again.	“Wonderful.	Sometimes he wrote notes down fast, thinking nothing, feeling nothing, seeing nothing; other times he sat for long periods staring at the sky and at the windmill vaguely happy, playing with unexpected thoughts that came and vanished, as now and then a moth fluttered in the window to blunder about the ceiling beams, and, at last, to disappear without his knowing how.	He looked curiously at the Frenchmen, who sat about on logs in their pink and blue shirtsleeves playing cards and smoking.	An engine rumbled into the station, with a great hiss of escaping steam.	They splashed together down the muddy village street.	“This is the real stuff,” he was saying to himself,--“like home.” He stood with his hands deep in his pockets and his head thrown back, watching her cut the bread, holding the big loaf to her chest and pulling the knife towards her, she brushed some crumbs off her dress with a thin white hand.	That night nearly the whole company gathered in a group at the end of the barracks.	"How'd he talk?"	"We're a bunch of slaves."	He was wrestling for his life with Anderson, who turned into a woman with huge flabby breasts.	On the bare summit of the highest hill a windmill waved lazy arms against the marbled sky.	"I should like to live here," said Andrews simply.	"There's hell to pay," broke out Smiddy breathlessly.	It would be very amusing,” said Andrews in a gruff, breathless voice.	Yvonne jumped up when Fuselli and the sergeant opened the door.	The lanky man in the brown dressing gown brought a table out of the shadow, put some black bottles and heavy glasses on it, and drew up a camp stool for himself.	"There's a reconnoitrin' squad up the line; they'll give you somethin'.... How's things goin' up that way?"	Chins down, chests out, legs twitching and tired from the afternoon's drilling, the company stood at attention.	The two eyes of the car stared straight into his eyes, dazzling him, then veered off to one side and whizzed past, leaving a faint smell of gasoline and a sound of voices.	There's your family, and haven't you any patriotism?...	"This is the real stuff," he was saying to himself,--"like home."	Andrews hung on him so that the chair upset.	The “Y” man was moving his head from side to side in a flustered way, saying in a shrill little voice: “I've told you there's no more.	He counted up the days he had been in the hospital; fifteen!	In fact, it's no use trying... the whole thing is such a mess you couldn't do anything if you wanted to."	In one doorway the vague light from a lamp bracketed in the wall showed two figures, pressed into one by their close embrace.	"Better than opium," said Andrews, his voice trembling with sudden excitement.	They both laughed loudly rolling about on their chairs.	In a brown clay-grimed hand was a revolver.	The application would certainly be lost in the confusion of moving the Division, and he would be condemned to keep up this life for more dreary weeks and months.	Chrisfield was surprised to find that he was trembling.	"I'm twenty now."	Bill Rees was the best buddy I ever had.” He paused and poured the rest of the champagne in his glass and wiped the sweat off his face with his big red hand.	I've deserted."	The girl sat very straight on a little chair beside the piano.	Not one.	Among the deep blue shadows lights were coming on, primrose-colored street lamps, violet arc lights, ruddy sheets of light poured out of shop windows.	He was in the war now.	Did I ever tell you about the sculptures in the hospital where I was when I was wounded?"	Now and then someone spat.	"How d'ye know they will?"	A little cold crimson light still filtered in through the rain from the afterglow, giving the candles a ghostly glimmer.	"How long have you been over here?"	As she left the room she made a sign to him with her head to follow her.	He was alone.	"Well, Ah got him.... Gawd, it was easy," he said suddenly.	Henslowe ordered.	And he'd written home he'd been made a corporal.	Yet in that year all the other years of his life had been blotted out.	Henslowe took a gulp of wine and laughed uproariously.	He was climbing a long hill.	Amusez-vous bien, Monsieur.	He crumpled it up suddenly in his fist and shoved it down between her breasts.	The turbulent flaring darkness was calming to the grey of dawn when Chrisfield stopped marching.	You a Catholic?"	“The guns must make a racket, though,” he added as an after-thought.	“It's the spring.” “I want to lie on the grass and eat violets.... Oh, how good you were to bring me out like this, Jean.	"By God, I don't know."	He felt suddenly very tired.	"Well, I guess it's all off, then," said the engineer.	"Hullo, Chrisfield.	"You'd better stay here where it's warm," said Andrews yawning.	There was one little hill where we'd have to get out and shove every damn time, the mud was so deep, and God, it stank there with the shells turning up the ground all full of mackabbies as the poilus call them.... Say, Dook, have you got any money?"	"I hate it....