This is what comes of debating societies and political meetings for infants.	You couldn't stop mobbing your impotent employés if you wanted to.	(_Jones closes the door and shuts off the sound, dropping R.C._) Livesey.	John bears some outward signs of similarity to Jabez.	Have you felt it?	What do you say, doctor?	You've the cheapest office staff in the country for its size.	Not they.	Pullen, the owner of the cap, is smoking a clay pipe.	Thompson's office at the works.	Pullen (_quarrelsomely_).	I'm glad you were able to come so quickly.	Good.	Jabez.	You!	Let him know Mrs. Wilcock's there.	Every one thinks the business is mine.	John.	Jabez.	Clav.	Yes.	Appearances count.	Aye.	You're precious small beer as employers go nowadays.	Your trade's dangerous.	(_Turning to John_) I don't know how it is, but it always is the married men who get killed.	Charlie _'_ud be a catspaw in the hands of a smart business man.	Have a whisky and soda.	John.	Yes, yes, yes, old man.	John (_slowly removing his hands from his face and raising his eyes to Charlie_).	Absolutely.	We were engaged before my eyes were opened, before I'd seen the horrible injustice of the men's lives in the works.	Give him time to come round.	Jabez.	Country!	The publisher happens to be an honest man.	Yes, Mr. Bunting?	Sit down, doctor.	Ring the bell and have some dinner.	Clock on mantelpiece points to 9.55._ Lomax _is an elderly man with iron-grey hair, cleanshaven, and has the appearance, of a confidential head clerk or cashier, which in fact he is.	If only you will speak to him.	John.	You like doing it.	Only, one has to fix a limit.	(_Lomax coughs._) Well, what is it?	Excuse me, won't you?	Clav.	It's been no joke to wake those fellows up from their lethargy, their ignorance, their ridiculous submission.	You're too good, too true to realize what a weakling I am, what a criminal fool I've been to let things go on to this stage.	You didn't send for me to tell me that, I suppose?	Charlie.	Yes, we are--we're ould as life goes here.	(_Realizing it._) Good God, he's bought you off.	You must do as you like about that.	A couple of revolving arm-chairs.	Charlie.	What do you take me for?	He wouldn't say so.	Of course.	Very well then, if you love the girl---- Charlie (_At bay_) Wait a bit.	What good's he done?	"Go on."	Then why, why?	Charlie (_shuddering_).	No.	What does poverty matter if we can be independent?	Pullen.	I'm a long way more frightened for you than I am for her, my boy.	That man is being slowly poisoned to earn his bread.	We must certainly have the respirator.	Charlie.	You'll soon get over that.	"In order to give all an opportunity of attending the funeral ceremony."	Not that kind of good.	If he did, he wouldn't have put the price up by patenting his thing.	Don't take that away from me Charlie.	He's got notions in his head about coddling the men and giving them better wages before they ask for them, as if it wasn't enough to have the Factory Acts and the Government Inspectors poking their noses round.	That's her; 'ard as nails she looks an proud as Lucifer but tha's not wed; tha's not seed yon wench sittin' i' thy kitchen nussin' thy kids.	You're men.	Charlie.	Took sudden, some road.	No thanks.