She dissembled the genuine pride with which she had seen him cross that platform and take his bulky prize, because she felt inly that the chief talent Sam had proved was a talent for deception.	Meadowbank, who had looked after the distributive side of the business, was lately dead, and Carter’s nightly prayer was that the concern might last his time.	They make laws round love, which is like enclosing an eagle in a cobweb; and we suffer for their laws.	Do you think you could propose a list?	she asked hopefully.	The theatre was crowded when they reached it and Stewart was young enough to sit self-consciously in one of the two seats kept for the _Manchester Warden_.	To-night she had one caller, Stewart, who, having been brought one Sunday by a man who knew a woman who was a fellow-clerk with Effie at her last-but-one place, had formed the habit of coming as often as he could.	"Where's Ada?"	"Aye," said George, "but you're going ahead a bit too fast for me."	Anne thought it satisfying, and it was her contentment with his rate of progress which first made him begin to think of her as, after all, a limited person.	“Doing what one ought is the dullest thing I know--unless you’re really serious, Effie?	The common centre which was supposed to hold the Concentrics together was a love of literature, but they tended to drop literature for politics on the slightest pretext.	I know.	As Read before the Concentric Society with The Rev.	Travers counted, the saviour of the son of Travers counted.	“The chief object should be to reach as wide a public as possible.	She could not treat clothes reasonably, she did not know how to wear them when she had them, but she lusted madly to possess them.	Now he was facing the facts as she would have him face them, clear-eyed, without romance.	And now I'm here----" "You'll have tea," she said quickly, going to the bell, but he caught her hand before she pulled.	He had a lightness and a poise that excited Sam’s envy.	Madge had the claim of sisterhood; Anne could see nothing in Ada and Ada's weakness to give her the claim to lean on Sam: and the leaning in marriage should not be one-sided.	At Effie’s, because the circumstances there were tense, it had seemed an easy thing to come to Peter’s, but she had needed to call on her reserves of courage to keep her place on the doorstep after she had rung the bell.	There were no objections from Ada.	She kept other people’s houses as clean as she had kept her own.	The only thing that will make you understand Effie is to see her."	They had, through lack of merit, stopped short of the seventh paradise where nothing could shake consummate bliss.	The truth was that as soon as Effle knew what was the matter with her she was not appalled, dismayed, ashamed, or any of the things appropriate to a young lady in her situation, but simply and purely exultant.	The banns might be up.	"So you had money up your sleeve all the time," she said.	Nor did he ask her to entertain him.	He waited, but he did not savour life.	Mr. Travers died in the night.	I’d no idea it was so late.	Me and your sister understand each other now.” “I’m not quite certain that I do,” said Effie.	“When you used to come home to your tea from Mr. Travers’ office, what you left was always good enough for me, and I can stomach your leavings still.” It startled Effie, who had thought herself a specialist in sacrifice.	Though Gatenby had probably dismissed the subject from his mind, he paid half of Wattercouch’s salary, and he might inquire about Sam some day.	Conservatives conserve institutions, and the only thing which could remove his Conservative and Aldermanic objection to Baths in Hulme was self-interest.	"Yes?"	One a fact and the other a prophecy.	But Peter was looking, and Anne, through the eyes of George, was looking, and it seemed to her that things were happening as she had expected they would happen.	She might be prosecuted for her trespass.	"I didn't notice that the first day.	"The bookstalls?"	"Earlier?"	CHAPTER II--WHERE THE SHOE PINCHED |WHEN Anne Branstone set her hand to the plough she ploughed deep, and it was not her fault if the harvest was not immense.	For that, plainly, was her attitude: she demanded a _quid pro quo_: she announced a policy of retaliation.	But that made things more amusing for Sam, who could pull strings with absolute assurance that his puppets would never take to dancing on their own account, or to any tune but the one he piped; and it is not given to all of us to be Omnipotence at the price of a ten-pound note.	I'm engaged in a business affair of which I was going to tell you when it was complete."	It was one with the other irritants, mattering less to her, for it was irremovable.	They hardly needed it, except as levity to mitigate a deep communion which sometimes grew almost intolerably sweet.	You’re young.” “Of course,” said Ada, “we shall have a servant.” “What!” exclaimed Anne, “on two pounds ten a week, with me to keep and all?	It’s a terrible thing for a man and wife to live together when love’s not a lodger in the house; it’s wrong, and the worst of wrong is that it won’t stay single.	But would Anne greet any daughter-in-law with open arms?	A sexless wraith, a spiritual guide, her presence in asceticism.	He gave his assent to their engagement formally and very solemnly.	He was visibly prospering; he liked prosperity; it was Ada who had initiated his prosperity; and she was glamorous for that.	Nothing happened at first, and indeed for so long that he was feeling himself between the devil of the estate office and the deep sea of George's persistent carefulness.	He often did, not only to check with a quite beautiful precision the texts on his calendars by the Authorised Version, but in another way, and one which seemed to show, if it showed anything, that he looked upon the Bible with intimate familiarity.	It's just his line."	Then he remembered he was Effie’s brother, and before Sam had his hat and coat on, malice had left him.	Carter was irreproachable.	"I will never see him again as long as I live."	"Manchester being Manchester, it isn't likely," said Stewart.	"We've just nice time to catch the clerk after service."	She would have done her share at Marbeck: she was a sign-post whose direction he was to follow but which he left behind, not a guide to go with him on his way: and she thought she was content with that.	The result was that when Sam went into the drawing-room that night, he found Anne Branstone sitting there, darning his socks, and perhaps it was because she was happy that she did not look a day older than when he saw her last; perhaps charring suited her; or perhaps living for an idea had kept her young.	All that he cared about, at the moment, was to give Wattercouch the impression that Sam Branstone was too important to be asked to drudge at registration work.	She did not exhibit an engagement ring at church next day for the reason that she had none to exhibit.	It was his father, and with his death, for all practical purposes the business comes to an end.	"I asked you her name," said Anne.	"Mother, George has been asking me to wed him."	The grate was one of those labour-making contrivances which must be periodically cleared of ash if the fire is to burn at all, and it was rarely cleared.	“I’ve given you a message,” said the taciturn herald.	He would give her her pound of flesh, but wanted very badly to roast it for her with coals of fire.	It would disturb father at his sermon.	"Call it the Eviscerated Emasculates."	It was not pure callousness, but things are as they are, and one cannot live by money and then lose money without losing more than money.	Ada got up from bed and flashed greedily into new clothes.	It followed in Ada’s mind that Anne had lied to her, malignantly misrepresenting Sam’s position to frighten her; and the breach between Anne and Ada, which never had much chance of closing, was permanently open.	The unchaperoned intimacy of that night struck both of them as a daring short cut to a position to which they were not entitled--a thing properly done only by the engaged and the maturely and securely engaged.	In youth one's faith dies hard, and, being dead, turns rapidly corrupt.	But of course I’ll help you--with advice.	Droll, officious, absurd--all these her idea was, and she liked it because it was fantastic and because Sam was Sam.