Papa nodded, and turned to his jar again.	"I'm in for anything you like," he said, after a moment's reflection.	Warford was very admiring and very polite, but Betty and he were already plunged into the deep intimacy of true fellowship.	"The people at dinner will not listen long,--they'll want to talk.	"They're dining in the great banquet hall itself," she said with pride.	Betty and Edith and the good schoolmaster (who was splendid in his white wig, and a great addition to the already brilliant company) took their own places, which were quickly made, and dessert went on; the rest of the musicians had been summoned away by Mrs.	"She's perfectly lovely, isn't she?"	Betty's heart was filled with gratitude; it was so very kind of her hostess to remember that it would be difficult for the only girl in the house party to come alone to breakfast for the first time.	There was a steep staircase that led down to a door in the courtyard; and by this Mr. Macalister, the schoolmaster, had come and gone, and the young groom of the tenor voice, and five or six others, men and girls, who could either sing or play.	"They never make that awful chatter that we do at home.	"I should think they'd make you wear a white pinafore," said Edith ungraciously; but Betty, who had been getting a little angry, thought this so funny that she laughed and felt much better.	I'm going down to breakfast, because I have planned for an idle day.	And then I remembered that I might ask you to help me, Betty dear.	There was a cry of delight from below as the first song ended.	VII There was an anxious moment on Betty's part when Edith Banfield summoned her to decide upon what dress should be worn for the evening.	"Only we have jolly good times by ourselves, you know; no end of walks and rides; and we fish if the water's right.	I was thinking of coming home early to get you.	A tall boy had joined them, who seemed much disturbed at finding any one in the gallery, which seldom had a visitor.	You ought to see my aunt cast a fly."	I suppose there's another part where they live, isn't there?	she said for the second time; and then they walked on, and still Betty could not say anything for sheer joy.	in the most hearty fashion.	I thought we never should get here, with changing cars in horrid stations, and everything," she said, telling all about it.	Don't wait to see what is going to be done for you, but try to help entertain your fellow guests and to make the moment pleasant, and you will be sure to enjoy yourself and to find your hostess wishing you to come again.	I wish Mary Beck was here; but Edith sings--she told me so; and don't you know how we sang some nice things together, the other day upon the moor, when we were coming home from the hermit's-cell ruins?"	"No, I haven't been here before; but I have known Lady Mary for a long time in London.	When he went hurrying away to join the hunt, Betty was sure that she knew exactly what to do with herself.	There was nobody else there at that moment, and the winter sun was shining in along the floor.	Lady Mary's own maid, as I have known well these many years, was telling me the names of the strangers."	Pagot was in great spirits; she was to go everywhere with Betty now, being used to the care of young ladies, and more being expected of this young lady than in the past.	"A telegram?"	I'm Lady Mary's nephew, you know.	asked Edith.	"I wish we were down there.	asked Lady Mary, in her turn; but the reply was quite audible now.	Pagot was very proud of her own knowledge of fine people.	The guests at dinner looked up in surprise, and Lady Dimdale nodded across at Mr. Leicester because they both knew it was Betty's plan coming true in this delightful way.	"Why, you must have been over here a good many times, or something"--She cast a glance at Betty's plain woolen gear, and recognized the general comfortable appearance of the English schoolgirl.	Look; you can see it first between the two oaks there to the left.	Edith was so pretty and talked so brightly that the old gentleman looked as amused and happy as possible.	"Why, I'm not sixteen, and you're only a little past, you know."	Betty had spent some lonely Christmases in her short life, as all the rest of us have done; and perhaps for this reason the keeping of the great day at Danesly in such happy company, in such splendor and warm-heartedness of the old English fashion, seemed a kind of royal Christmas to her young heart.	Pagot was very old-fashioned, and Edith made a funny little face at Betty behind her back.	"Why, Warford, my dear!"	I've been waiting to see them with you; and we can ride every day, if you like; and papa says it's a perfectly delightful country for walking."	Lady Mary looked out too, and took a long breath of the fresh, keen air.	"Well, my dear, that's very nice, and very important too," he added, with a fine twinkle in his eyes.	"Now that I'm here, I'll look at the arrowheads; mayn't I, papa?"	Now, Mary also was apt to distrust all strangers and to take suspicious views of life, and she had little enthusiasm; but Betty knew and loved her loyalty and really good heart.	She felt sometimes as if she tried to walk in tight shoes when "Becky's" opinions had to be considered; but Becky's world had grown wider month by month, and she loved her very much.	There were twenty at table; and Pagot said, as Betty counted them, that many others were expected the next day.	Behind these were all the men in livery, two and two; and so they went round and round the table until at last Warford slipped into his seat, and the pudding was put before him with great state, while the procession waited.	Couldn't we have some music there, as they used in old times?"	she asked, with great self-possession.	"Oh, what lovely gowns!	asked Betty timidly; it was so very awkward.	It would have been very hard to keep things from Lady Mary herself; but that dear lady had many ways to turn her eyes and her thoughts, and so many secret plots of her own to keep in hand at this season, that she did not suspect what was going on in a distant room of the old south wing (where Warford still preserved some of his boyish collections of birds' eggs and other plunder), of which he kept the only key.	"Oh, that was too bad," said Betty, rushing to the rescue, while Lady Mary walked on with Mr. Banfield.	[Illustration: "I WAS SO GLAD TO COME"] "I am a little afraid of young American girls, you understand," said Lady Mary gayly; and then, taking a solemn tone: "Yes, you needn't laugh, Miss Betty!	What a splendid big room!"	Aunt Barbara had also said that when there was nothing else to do, your plain duty was to entertain yourself; and, having a natural gift for this, Betty wandered off into a corner and found a new "Punch" and some of the American magazines on a little table close by the window-seat.	"They were better than usual last year, though.	"Nursery tea for anybody like us!"	Lady Dimdale had known just what to do about everything, and Edith, who had grown nicer every day, had sung as well as Mary Beck (she had Becky's voice as well as her look, and had told Betty it was the best time she ever had in her life); and Warford had been so nice and had looked so handsome, and Lady Mary was so pleased because he was not shy and had not tried to hide or be grumpy, as he usually did.	Edith Banfield certainly looked very pretty, both her companions thought so; but they felt much more at home with each other.	For was not Lady Mary a very great lady indeed, and one of the most charming women in England?--a famous hostess and assembler of really delightful people?	The famous lawyer, Mr. Banfield, came quickly up the steps, and after him, more slowly, came his daughter, whom he seemed quite to forget.	Warford nodded, and picked up his gunstock.	The great hall was gay with holly and Christmas greens.	It was a great delight to be asked to the holiday party; many a grown person would be thankful to take Betty's place.	"I hate to walk," said Edith frankly.	Mr. Banfield's daughter is with him, and my dear friend Betty, who knows what American girls like best, is kindly going to help me entertain her."	They had left the musicians' gallery,--nobody knew why,--and now stood outside in the corridor.	How we used to dance when we were little things!	She was as grown-up as possible, and chattered away about the delights of New York with an old London barrister who was Lady Mary's uncle, and Warford's guardian, and chief adviser to the great Danesly estates.	The carriage drove on and left them together under the great trees, walking along together over the beautiful tracery of shadows.	I like Lady Dimdale awfully."	"Are you staying in the house, too?"	You felt as if you were looking down at the past.	"Oh, really!"	exclaimed Edith.	It made her a little homesick, even there in the breakfast-room at Danesly,--even with papa at her side, and Lady Mary smiling back if she looked up,--to think of the dear old house, and of Serena and Letty, and how they would all be thinking of her at Christmas time.	[Illustration: BETTY, EDITH AND WARFORD] "Don't talk about yourself," she said once, "and you won't half so often think of yourself, and then you are sure to be happy."