An' I'm goin' to provide me with a good hoe; mine's gettin' wore out an' all shackly.	She hoped that they were going to drive by, but something forbade her taking the responsibility of saying so.	"I tell ye, William, I'm drove to the wall.	I never could tell you about the rest of the day with her, could I?	"I'll see about it at once," said Tom, with great zest.	"You can tell 'em it ain't," said Maria.	The cattle were already fed, and their father was milking.	I should sense it better if there was a circus or anythin' to go to.	John Hilton was sitting on the doorstep of his house.	They had looked forward to his entrance in a not unfamiliar mood of surly silence.	You an' Marilla can tell her how I've been situated.	"'T was hard to lose him; I do seem to miss little John," said the father sadly.	"Mother thought of it.	An' how desirous she'd been to see somebody that could tell her some particulars about the conference!"	They met with pleasure, and stood together talking.	"I declare!"	I see every night, when I go after my paper the whole sidewalk full o' louts that ought to be pushed off to sea with a good smart master; they're going to the devil ashore, sir.	"I care a world more about poor Maria than anybody else does," said warm-hearted little Captain Witherspoon, making himself as tall as he could as he walked his bedroom deck to and fro.	"I'm pleased you should enjoy it."	Mrs. Flagg was a tall, commanding sort of person, with an air of satisfaction and authority.	"My wife has come to see the city, and our time is short.	If she was one we had visited often at home, I shouldn't care so much, but such folks feel any little slight.	John Hilton reflected deeply.	An' you mind, John"-- "Yes, yes, hold on!"	inquired the fellow-traveler, with interest.	I don't know's you ever knew Mr. Wallis in his prime?"	Don't you go an' be too gentle, neither.	A lamp was lighted in the house, the happy children were talking together, and supper was waiting.	"I believe that it is your property."	The father and mother lingered for a moment outside and looked down over the shadowy fields; then they went in, without speaking.	He felt much more at home than she did, being better used to meeting strange men than she was to strange women, and he found two or three companions who had seen more than he of New York life.	He laid his hand on the cup for a moment as if to hide it, then he waited until his pipe was fairly going.	Maria Haydon's life had been spent in trying to make other people comfortable, and so she succeeded, oftener than she knew, in making them happy.	answered the visitor hastily; "no, 'm!	whispered John Hilton excitedly, reining his horse quickly to the green roadside.	Ederton of the "Sun" had followed the "Tribune" man's lead, and fabricated a brief interview, a marvel of art and discretion, but so general in its allusions that it could create no suspicion; it almost deceived Mr. Pinkham himself, so that he found unaffected pleasure in the fictitious occasion, and felt as if he had easily covered himself with glory.	It was a famous day; they even became used to seeing so many people pass.	People weren't so shocked by such things at first; they would only be sentimental about the ruined homes, and say that, 'after all, it was the fortune of war.'	I always begin to think of a piece o' new fish quick 's these mild days come; feels like the Janooary thaw."	"Now, she's a friendly sort of a woman, that Mis' Beckett," said Mrs. Flagg unexpectedly, after a few moments of silence, when she and her friend had been unable to look at each other.	I ain't said nothin' to nobody, but I hoped you'd do what you was a-mind to with your own property.	"I could buy him an' sell him twice over," he muttered angrily, as loud as he dared.	"No; you shouldn't have too much to carry at your time o' life," rejoined his friend, in a tone that was anything but soothing; and at this moment Maria Lunn returned with her best lamp in full brilliancy.	"They was flour, dear," replied Mrs. Flagg approvingly; "crisp an' light as any you ever see."	I heard somebody a-remarking that you was goin' to stay till you got him; an' others said Mr. Israel Haydon was one to know his own mind, and he never would want to put nobody in his wife's place, they set so by one another.	Can't you think o' somethin' that your mother'd want?"	I shouldn't feel free to go unless I went 'long o' you."	Such people as we are can't go meechin' round; it ain't expected.	But I certain have heard a sight o' talk about your stoppin' here so long with Mr. Haydon, and that William thought you was overdoin', an' would have spoke, only you was his wife's cousin.	"I thought I should make them into three bo'quets.	It seems foolish, but I'm still at a loss about that rose."	"I feel very thankful for my blessin's, all the same.	"Le' 's hurry up;" and the three cup-bearers hastened back up the cellar-stairs to the scene of festivity.	The main road came along the high ridge at their upper edge, and a lane turned off down to the cove; you could see this road for three or four miles when you were as far out at sea.	The great pines could remember all the Packers, if they could remember anything; they were like some huge archaic creatures whose thoughts were slow and dim.	Miss Pendexter smiled to herself at this moment; she was obliged to move from her chair at the window, the May sun was so hot on her back, for Mrs. Bickford always kept the curtains rolled high up, out of the way, for fear of fading and dust.	"That's so, John," acknowledged Mrs. Hilton wistfully, beginning to rock steadily in her straight, splint-bottomed chair.	"I can offer you a partridge," said Tom eagerly.	he asked, looking down fondly; and Katy gave a pleased little sigh for answer.	I used to be real narrow-minded when he talked about moving 'way up to Lowell, or some o' them places; I hated to think of leaving my folks; and now I see that I never done right by him.	If Abel goes to the post-office comin' from school, as he always does, they'll have it to read to-morrow before supper-time."	III.	"What you goin' to do about them trees o' Packer's?"	The two women affectionately watched him away down the field-path that led to the cove where the fish-houses were.	"By now the old horse will have eat his dinner and had a good rest, so pretty soon we can jog along home.	"Goin' to make up all your flowers into bo'quets?	From this point of view they seemed to have taken a step nearer each other, as if each held the other fast with its branches in a desperate alliance.	Their father turned to look at them with affectionate solicitude.	The boat lifted suddenly on a wave and sank again in the trough, the sail flapped, and a great cold splash of salt water came aboard, floating the fish to the stern, against Banks's feet.	It was inevitable now, that he and the children should go to Topham Corners.	It would be difficult to give any idea of the excitement and interest of East Rodney, or the fine effect and impulse to the local market.	They had prolonged their talk about letting the great south field lie fallow, and about some new Hereford cattle that the young farmer had just bought, until nothing more was left to say on either side.	asked Mr. Haydon suddenly; there was the humility of broken pride in his tone.	But, in spite of this weakness of tactics, she was equal to her small campaign.	asked the elder woman, with unusual cordiality; but Miss Pendexter remembered that her hostess often expressed a dislike for unexpected company, and promptly took her departure after she had risen to go, glancing up at the bright flower as she passed outside the window.	The long, wintry fields before them sloped down to a wide stretch of marshes covered with ice, and dotted here and there with an abandoned haycock.	Mrs. Lunn was grateful to this promoter of friendly intercourse.	There was something very uncommon in her look and way of speaking; he felt like a boy beside her, he to whom the world had given its best luxury and widest opportunity.	"I think his health's a good sight better than it was a year ago.	He wondered what effect this great experience would have upon their after-life.	He spoke in a loud and hearty voice.	Oh, poor me!	"I don't know what set him out to be so poor-behaved.