His funeral was hastily performed, according to his own order, in the thirty-eighth year of his age, and ninety-fifth day of his reign.	Besides other compliments which he received from those who flocked about him to congratulate and flatter him, he was called Nero by the mob, and manifested no intention of declining that cognomen.	Nay, some authors relate, that he used it in his official acts, and the first letters he sent to the (421) governors of provinces.	As often as he entertained Galba at supper, he distributed to every man of the cohort which attended the emperor on guard, a gold piece; endeavouring likewise to oblige the rest of the soldiers in one way or another.	Dio (lib.	[683]  A town between Mantua and Cremona.	lxviii., was the goddess Cybele, the wife of Saturn, called also Rhea, Ops, Vesta, Magna, Mater, etc.	XI.	Besides these, other unlucky omens attended him.	Moreover, that he was then encouraged to despise life by the example of a common soldier, who bringing news of the defeat of the army, and finding that he met with no credit, but was railed at for a liar and a coward, as if he had run away from the field of battle, fell upon his sword at the emperor's feet; upon the sight of which, my father said that Otho cried out, "that he would expose to no farther danger such brave men, who had deserved so well at his hands."	[673]  "Distento sago impositum in sublime jactare."	[685]  Both Greek and Latin authors differ in the mode of spelling the name of this place, the first syllable being written Beb, Bet, and Bret.	His shoe becoming loose, he stopped again, but being immediately raised by his attendants upon their shoulders, and unanimously saluted by the title of EMPEROR, he came amidst auspicious acclamations and drawn swords into the Principia [677] in the camp; all who met him joining in the cavalcade, as if they had been privy to the design.	His pretended marriage, therefore, being dissolved, he was sent lieutenant into Lusitania.	The rites of this goddess were disgraced by great indecencies.	About the same time, the armies in Germany took an oath to Vitellius as emperor.	To this he was much encouraged by the state of the times, but still more by the assurances given him by Seleucus, the astrologer, who, having formerly told him that he would certainly out-live Nero, came to him at that juncture unexpectedly, promising him again that he should succeed to the empire, and that in a very short time.	A statue of her, brought from Pessinus in Phrygia to Rome, in the time of the second Punic war, was much honoured there.	At first the design was entrusted to only five of the guard, but afterwards to ten others, each of the five naming two.	He was the brother of Jupiter, and king of the infernal regions.	For some time afterwards, he was restrained also by scruples about the omens, and by the advice of Seleucus.	It was observed of him, for many years after his death, that "none ever died like Otho."	He likewise sent another to Messalina, Nero's widow, whom he had intended to marry, committing to her the care of his relics and memory.	At last, after quenching his thirst with a draught of cold water, he took up two poniards, and having examined the points of both, put one of them under his pillow, and shutting his chamber-door, slept very soundly, until, awaking about break of day, he stabbed himself under the left pap.	And not satisfied with obtaining her favours, he loved her so extravagantly, that he could not with patience bear Nero for his rival.	But the bearers growing tired, he got out, and began to run.	[686]  Lenis was a name of similar signification with that of Tranquillus, borne by his son, the author of the present work.	Immediately upon this he determined to put an end to his life, more, as many think, and not without reason, out of shame, at persisting in a struggle for the empire to the hazard of the public interest and so many lives, than from despair, or distrust of his troops.	My father, Suetonius Lenis [686], was in this battle, being at (424) that time an angusticlavian tribune in the thirteenth legion.	He used to shave every day, and rub his face with soaked bread; the use of which he began when the down first appeared upon his chin, to prevent his having any beard.	A freedman of his, then bringing (420) him word that the architects were come, which was the signal agreed upon, he withdrew, as if it were with a design to view a house upon sale, and went out by a back-door of the palace to the place appointed.	Upon this, sending some soldiers to dispatch Galba and Piso, he said nothing else in his address to the soldiery, to secure their affections, than these few words: "I shall be content with whatever ye think fit to leave me."	IV.	Upon the day fixed at last for the enterprise, having given his accomplices notice to wait for him in the Forum near the temple of Saturn, at the gilded mile-stone [675], he went in the morning to pay his respects to Galba; and being received with a kiss as usual, he attended him at sacrifice, and heard the predictions of the augur [676].	The sum estimated as requisite for its completion amounted to 2,187,500 pounds of our money.	For the Ancilia [680] had been taken out of the temple of Mars, for the usual procession, but were not yet replaced; during which interval it had of old been looked upon as very unfortunate to engage in any enterprise.	Uxoris moechus caeperat esse suae.	These circumstances, I imagine, caused the world to wonder the more that his death was so little in character with his life.	The Principia was a broad open space, which separated the lower part of the Roman camp from the upper, and extended the whole breadth of the camp.	He was said to run about in the night-time, and seize upon any one he met, who was either drunk or too feeble to make resistance, and toss him in a blanket [673].	But a war being now unavoidable, and the generals and troops sent forward by Vitellius, advancing, he had a proof of the attachment and fidelity of the pretorian guards, which had nearly proved fatal to the senatorian order.	You ask why Otho's banish'd?	VII.	[681]  This ideal personage, who has been mentioned before, AUGUSTUS, c.	liv.)	Her priests, called the Galli and Corybantes, were castrated; and worshipped her with the sound of drums, tabors, pipes, and cymbals.	Tacitus gives some details of this action.	says that it was erected by the emperor Augustus, when he was curator of the roads.	IX.	[680]  The Ancile was a round shield, said to have fallen from heaven in the reign of Numa, and supposed to be the shield of Mars.	He now entered upon his expedition against Vitellius with great alacrity, but too much precipitation, and without any regard to the ominous circumstances which attended it.	What ready money he had, he distributed among his domestics.	Finding that some of the soldiers who were making off had been seized and detained as deserters, "Let us add," said he, "this night to our life."	As soon as an opportunity of revenge offered, he readily joined in Galba's enterprises, and at the same time conceived hopes of obtaining the imperial dignity for himself.	For he did not conceal his conviction, "that he could not stand his ground unless he became emperor, and that it signified nothing whether he fell by the hands of his enemies in the field, or of his creditors in the Forum."	[684]  The temple of Castor.	But finding himself disappointed, by Piso's being preferred before him, he turned his thoughts to obtaining his purpose by the use of violence; and to this he was instigated, as well by the greatness of his debts, as by resentment (419) at Galba's conduct towards him.	And now being prepared, and just upon the point of dispatching himself, he was induced to suspend the execution of his purpose by a great tumult which had broken out in the camp.	784 or 785.	Having by her means got into Nero's good graces, he soon became one of the principal favourites, by the congeniality of his disposition to that of the emperor or, as some say, by the reciprocal practice of mutual pollution.	[671]  Probably one of the two mentioned in CLAUDIUS, c. xiii.	She was painted as a matron, crowned with towers, sitting in a chariot drawn by lions.	He was not, however, present at any of those which ensued, but stayed behind at Brixellum [683].	Lenis was only a tribune of the thirteenth legion, the position of which in the battle is mentioned by Tacitus, Hist.	Some persons bursting into the room upon his first groan, he at one time covered, and at another exposed his wound to the view of the bystanders, and thus life soon ebbed away.	It is certainly believed that he not only refused admittance to those who were sent by Nero to fetch her, but that, on one (418) occasion, he shut him out, and kept him standing before the door, mixing prayers and menaces in vain, and demanding back again what was entrusted to his keeping.	[679]  The two last words, literally translated, mean "long trumpets;" such as were used at sacrifices.	For this purpose, by a decree of the senate, a certain number of the sons of the leading men at Rome was sent to the twelve states of Etruria for instruction.	To conclude: the generality of mankind, though they hated him whilst living, yet highly extolled him after his death; insomuch that it was the common talk and opinion, "that Galba had been driven to destruction by his rival, not so much for the sake of reigning himself, as of restoring Rome to its ancient liberty."	We find from Tacitus, that there was, among Otho's generals, in this battle, another person of the name of Suetonius, whose cognomen was Paulinus; with whom our author's father must not be confounded.	Know, the cause     Comes not within the verge of vulgar laws.	For, some hopes of a conference being given, and the soldiers being drawn up to hear the conditions of peace declared, very unexpectedly, and amidst their mutual salutations, they were obliged to stand to their arms.	They were of the greatest authority in the Roman state; for nothing of importance was done in public affairs, either at home or abroad, in peace or war, without consulting them.	The Romans derived the practice of augury chiefly from the Tuscans; and anciently their youth used to be instructed as carefully in this art, as afterwards they were in the Greek literature.	He is said to have been greatly frightened that night in his sleep, and to have groaned heavily; and being found, by those who came running in to see what the matter was, lying upon the floor before his bed, he endeavoured by every kind of atonement to appease the ghost of Galba, by which he had found himself violently tumbled out of bed.	243.	III.	Towards the close of the day, he entered the senate, and after he had made a short speech to them, pretending that he had been seized in the streets, and compelled by violence to assume the imperial authority, which he designed to exercise in conjunction with them, he retired to the palace.	These were his very words.	After his father's death, to make his court the more effectually to a freedwoman about the palace, who was in great favour, he pretended to be in love with her, though she was old, and almost decrepit.	Some say he pretended to be seized with an ague fit, and ordered those about him to make that excuse for him, if he was inquired after.	Here likewise the tribunes held their courts, and punishments were inflicted.	He was, however, effeminately nice in the care of his person: the hair on his body he plucked out by the roots; and because he was somewhat bald, he wore a kind of peruke, so exactly fitted to his head, that nobody could have known it for such.