Her godmother was Hélène, the widowed Duchess of Orleans, the mother of the gallant young men, the Count de Paris and the Duke de Chartres, who during our great war came over to America to see service under General McClellan.	Even the sentiments of prominent.	The moment this was done all the Peers and Peeresses, who, with their coronets in their hands, or borne by pages at their sides, had been intently watching the proceedings, crowned themselves, shouting, "God save the Queen!"	Seated with their backs to the horses were a lady and gentleman, in full Court-dress--(the Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes--and the Earl of Albemarle, Master of the Horse), and in the centre of the opposite seat, a little raised, was the Queen.	Death passes by--Life comes.	One little passage, in reference to the widowed Duchesse d'Orleans, strikes my eye at this moment: "At ten, dear Hélène came to me with little Paris, and stayed till the King and Queen came to fetch us to breakfast."	She was a singularly clever creature and had been for eleven years faithfully devoted to me.	So Napoleon III.	I _must_ do it.	Even a year later, the Bishop of London, in his sermon at the Queen's coronation, lauded the late King for his "unfeigned religion," and exhorted his "youthful successor" to "follow in his footsteps."	when those beautiful ships went sailing away, with their white sails spread, and the royal colors flying, death sat "up aloft," instead of the "sweet little cherub" popularly supposed to be perched there, and winds from the long burial-trenches of the battle-field played among the shrouds.	Her father wrote from Balmoral hi the autumn; "Vicky suffers under the feeling that every spot she visits she has to greet for the last time as home...	I hope, at all events, she drank it with reverence.	Even when he was dying-when the gray twilight of the fast-coming night was creeping over his face, clouding the light of his eyes, chilling the glow of his smile--his beauty was still undimmed for her.	As the Queen's carriage reached the Park, it was received with enthusiastic cheers, smiles, and tears by crowds of people, equestrians and pedestrians, and the gay world on wheels; and as they neared the Marble Arch, the gentlemen and ladies on horseback followed them as with one impulse--all Rotton Row turned out, and escorted them to Buckingham Palace.	The little girl, who received the names of Victoria Adelaide Mary Louisa, is said by her father to have behaved "with great propriety and like a Christian."	There was such a large and ever-growing crowd of excited, hurrying, murmuring, staring Brightonians and strangers about them that it seemed a rallying cry had gone through the town, from lip to lip: "The Queen and Prince are out!	The Queen is very fond of politics."	It may have been on this day that Lord Albemarle got off his famous pun.	That which he loved best, planning and planting the grounds of Osborne and Balmoral and superintending building, he cheerfully sacrificed for works of public utility.	Arrival in England of the Princess Alexandra to wed the Prince of Wales-- Garibaldi's visit to London--The Queen's first public appearance after her widowhood--Marriage of the Princess Louise--Illness of the Prince of Wales--Disaffection in Ireland--The Queen's sympathy during the illness of President Garfield.	As years went on, and he became overwhelmed with work, this was often done at much inconvenience to himself (for his attentions were the same in all the Queen's subsequent confinements), but he always came with a sweet smile on his face.	...	A year or two later the evil took gigantic proportions; the news came to us in America, and an alarm was sounded which roused the land.	Old homes and new--A visit from the King of France--The Queen and Prince Albert make their first visit to Germany--Incidents of the trip--A new seaside home on the Isle of Wight--Repeal of the Corn Laws--Prince Albert elected Chancellor of Cambridge University--Benjamin Disraeli.	He pressed and kissed my hand and I embraced him."	In the Queen's book I find frequent pleasant mention of the young Highlander, John Brown--a favorite personal attendant, first of Prince Albert, and afterwards of Her Majesty.	After leaving the University Prince Albert traveled in Switzerland and Italy with Baron Stockmar--everywhere winning the admiration and respect of the best sort of people by the rare princeliness of his appearance, his refined taste, his thoughtful and singularly receptive mind.	The Princess Victoria was a proud, high-spirited girl, and it were no treason to suppose that at the first she had a sense of relief when the leading-strings, in which she had been so long held, were cut, though by the scissors of Atropos, and she was free to stand and go alone.	It is true, he did not come very heroically by his imperial crown--but when crowns are lying about loose, who can blame a man for helping himself?	These were all covered with crimson cloth fringed with gold.	So all was right then.	God heard the promise of the child of twelve years and held her to it, and has given her strength "as her day" to redeem it, all through the dazzling brightness and the depressing shadows, through the glory and the sorrow of her life, as a Queen and a woman.	But if the lad Albert, remembering the promise of his garrulous nurse, and the prophecy of his fond grandmamma, and the wish of his father and uncle Leopold, sought to read his destiny in the baffling blue eyes of the gay young girl, he seems to have failed, for he could only write home: "Our cousin is most amiable."	She must have seen that they could not call out to her to "come and play!"	There were nine of these natural illnesses.	If, full of "high spirits," she took long rides on a donkey at Ramsgate, and ran races with other children on the sands, it was a proof of the sweetest human condescension--the donkey's opinion not being taken.	The girl was an extraordinary baby, however, for when she was barely two days old, her papa wrote to her grandpapa at Coburg, "The little one is very well and very merry."	At last the attendant of the Princess came, and coolly stated that her Royal Mistress was "in such a sweet sleep she could not venture to disturb her."	The last day of Victoria's real girlhood--Proclaimed Queen from St. James' Palace--She holds her first Privy Council--Comments upon her deportment by eye-witnesses--Fruits of her mother's care and training.	Temporary as was that marvelous structure, destined so soon to pass away, like "the baseless fabric of a vision," I can but think it the grandest of the monuments to the memory of the Prince- Consort, though little did he so regard it.	I at least, have you on board with me in spirit.	The good Bishop and other loyal prelates must have known all about the Fitz- Clarences--those wild "olive branches about the table" of His Majesty; and they were doubtless aware of that little unfortunate habit of profanity, acquired on the high-seas, and scarcely becoming to the Head of the Church; but they, perhaps, considered that His Majesty swore as the sailor, not as the sovereign.	It daily grew smaller, as the war-clouds thickened and darkened in the political sky.	On a like occasion, some time ago, I hear the Duke of Argyle had the ill-luck to drop this crown from the cushion, when some of the costly jewels, jarred from their setting, flew about like so many bits of broken glass.	I cannot say how much I like that.	He used to speak of this as his "initiation into public life."	She wrote in her journal, "How happy, how joyful we were, on awaking, to find ourselves here, at the dear Rosenau, my Albert's birth-place, the place he most loves.	To a near friend, who expressed joy to find her more calm than at the time of her mother's death, she said simply, "I have had God's teaching, and learned to bear all He lays upon me."	Their offerings and tributes were mostly flowers, poems and music--wonderfully sweet chorales and gay _réveils_ and inspiriting marches.	The Queen on this trip expressed the intention of creating the Prince of Wales Earl of Dublin, by way of compliment and conciliation, and perhaps she did, but still Fenianism grew and flourished In Ireland.	Prince Leopold spent some time with his brother at Coburg when Albert was about two years old, and then began the tender, life-long mutual affection which led to such happy and important results.	Baron Stockmar met him at Claremont, in the time of the Princess Charlotte and Prince Leopold, and quotes a compliment paid him by a Court lady, in the refined language of the Regency: "What an amiable creature!	When a few more days had passed in familiar intercourse, in singing and walking, in dancing and driving, and best of all, in riding together (for there is no cradle to rock young Love in like the saddle), the poor little Queen forsworn, found she had no longer the courage to propose to that proud young Prince to wait indefinitely on her will--to tarry at Coburg for more wisdom and beard.	Finer reading I never heard anywhere; every syllable was clearly enunciated, and the emphasis fell with unerring precision, though gently, on the right word.	His enthusiastic admirers almost mobbed Stafford House, at which he was entertained by the young Duke of Sutherland Lord Ronald Gower describes that memorable visit and the popular excitement very vividly.	I understand now why you urged me so much to learn, even Latin.	"Sleep, while a million prayers rise up     To Him who knew all earthly sorrow,     That day by day, each soft to-morrow   May melt the bitter from thy cup.	It is stated that 20,000 horses were in all employed in conveying Marie Antoinette, her enormous suite and cumbrous belongings, from Vienna to Paris.	Garrison with his logic, Burritt with his languages, Douglas with his magnificent eloquence, were as naught to Jefferson Davis and Robert E. Lee, and that soldier of the fine old Cromwellian type--Stonewall Jackson.	She had, of course, been separated from him on that day longer than usual, and when the state-coach drove up to the Palace steps she heard him barking joyously in the hall, and exclaimed, 'There's Dash,' and was in a hurry to doff her crown and royal robe, and lay down the sceptre and the orb, which she carried in her hands, and go and give Dash his bath."	The General advanced with a firm step, and as he came within hailing distance, made a graceful bow, and said, 'Good- evening, ladies and gentlemen!'	Tennyson's pretty ode has not been forgotten, but all as noble and sweet was the greeting of her from whom I have before quoted; Mrs. Crosland.	Most people, royal or republican, would "consider it not so deeply."	I hope they didn't mourn much over the £20,000 they didn't get.	The young Queen's new Household was considered a very magnificent and unexceptionable one--principally for the rank and character and personal attractions of the ladies in attendance, chief among whom, for beauty and stateliness, was the famous Duchess of Sutherland--certainly one of the most superb women in England, or anywhere else, even at an age when most women are "falling off," and when she herself was a grandmother.	is said to have been the desolate cry of the Queen, when, on waking from that first sleep, the cruel morning light, smote upon her with a full consciousness of her bereavement, and a new sense of her royal isolation.	CHAPTER XXV.	What other youth of twenty-one, graceful, beautiful and accomplished, has ever forborne what he forbore?--Ever fought such a good fight against temptations manifold?	King Frederick William of Prussia seemed to think that he could put an end to this little unpleasantness, and wrote a long letter to the Queen of England, paternally advising her to make some concessions to the Emperor of Russia, which concessions she thought would be weak and unworthy.	Greville relates a little incident which shows that the Princess, when between sixteen and seventeen, and almost in sight of the throne, was still amenable to discipline.	He laughed at some of her new French verses which I made her repeat, then he.	About this time lovers of impassioned oratory felt the joy which the astronomer knows "_when a new comet swims into his ken_" in the appearance of a brilliant political orator, of masterly talent and more masterly will.	This little _lusus naturæ_, under the masterly management of Mr. Barnum, had made a great sensation in London--which, after the Queen had summoned him two or three times to Windsor, grew into a fashionable furor.	In July, the Queen and Prince took to their yacht again, for a visit to the Emperor and Empress, at Cherbourg, and had a grand reception, and there was a great _fête_, and fireworks and bombs and rockets; but the account is not half so interesting to me as the one given by Her Majesty, of their return to Osborne; an exquisite picture that, which I feel I must reproduce almost entire: ... "At twenty minutes to five, we landed at our peaceful Osborne.	Then solemnly spoke up the Archbishop: "We are come on business of State, to _the Queen_, and even her sleep must give way."	So he mounted, step by step, into the honorable position which belonged to him.	He refused to go to the play, or anywhere else; generally dining alone with the Duchess of Kent, till the Queen was able to join them, and was always on hand to do anything in his power for her comfort.	The last time I visited the ruins, I stood for some minutes gazing through a rusty grating into the noble vestibule, through which so many royal visitors had passed.	It is a period of readjustment and sacrifice.	Ah, we may not doubt that this royal being, in whose veins beats the blood of a long, long race of Kings, was brought low enough then,--to her knees, to her face,   "_For grief is proud and makes his owner stoop_."	When she tumbles, she calls out, in bewilderment, 'She don't like it!	CHAPTER XIV.