The Kangaroo said: "I do so enjoy that great man's censure of the ridiculous--particularly his attacks on the Proboscidae; but, alas!	how unsatisfying its rewards!	Three of a Kind A Lawyer in whom an instinct of justice had survived the wreck of his ignorance of law was retained for the defence of a burglar whom the police had taken after a desperate struggle with someone not in custody.	"Lions have a superstitious terror of my voice," answered the Cock, proudly.	"So as to be there in time to get the country that he saved."	"Then," said the New President, "I shall have to lock you up until you do agree."	If that kills them, you will be liable to prosecution for murder."	"No," said the Ferryman.	"Alas!"	"With pleasure," said the other; "here it is."	said the King; "you wish to support those idle consumers again?"	Their dishonoured representative was driving up from the railway station in a coach-and-four, with music and a banner.	"Then I decline to interfere," said the Governor, with asperity; "a man who abuses his office by making it serve a private end and purvey a personal advantage is unfit to be free.	"Sir," replied the Distinguished Advocate of Republican Institutions, "a ship is expected, bearing His Majesty the King of the Fly-Speck Islands, and I wish to be the first to grasp the crowned hand."	The Farmer's Friend A Great Philanthropist who had thought of himself in connection with the Presidency and had introduced a bill into Congress requiring the Government to loan every voter all the money that he needed, on his personal security, was explaining to a Sunday-school at a railway station how much he had done for the country, when an angel looked down from Heaven and wept.	"Because," replied the Man, "the Baby belongs to the Orphan Asylum."	You are the Opossum of the Future, the ultimate Fittest Survivor of our species, the ripe result of progressive prehensility--all tail!"	The Man and the Bird A Man with a Shotgun said to a Bird: "It is all nonsense, you know, about shooting being a cruel sport.	Upon this assurance the people came forward with subscriptions to build a second machine.	"Gentlemen," said he, "you are both right, as was to have been expected by persons so gifted with appliances for receiving instruction from the wise.	Observing that the Lion gave no attention to the matter, the Skunk, keeping carefully out of reach, said: "Sir, I beg leave to point out that I have set on foot an implacable odour."	"I should not so much mind that," replied the Lion, "if they would get the right one.	It was growing late when Jamrach came to the margin of what appeared to be a lake of black ink, and there the road terminated.	I am very comfortable without office."	The Victor and the Victim Two Game Cocks, having fought a battle, the defeated one skulked away and hid, but the victor mounted a wall and crowed lustily.	"Knowest thou not, thou whelp of darkness and father of disordered livers," cried the Fogy, "that water will cause grass to spring up here, and trees, and possibly even flowers?	"My friend," said the Office Seeker, "you see before you the wreck of an ambitious man--ruined by the pursuit of place and power.	At this point in the proceedings they were interrupted by the sound of a brass band.	"Will what I say make any difference?"	After some years, when all but one had had judgment given against them, that one was awarded the estate, which he asked his Attorney to have appraised.	"And don't you know," said the Sheik of the Outfit, "that caravans will then stop here for rest and refreshments, giving you a chance to steal the camels, the horses, and the goods?"	Seeing an attendant approaching, the wise and illustrious Writer of Fables passed out of the tent and mingled with the crowd.	If the millionaire had been let alone he would have devoured the tiger."	"Ah, my deliverer," said the Snake as well as he could, "you have arrived just in time; this reptile, you see, is pitching into me without provocation."	Peasant, all hail!"	"I am a Miaulopathist," said the Cat.	It so happened that at that moment a Bulldog sat there sunning his teeth.	"Well, well, well," said the Ass, shaking his head; "I should think that any animal that is afraid of your voice and doesn't mind mine must have an uncommon kind of ear."	And he smiled so pleasantly at his own wit that the provinces of Ghargaroo, M'gwana, and Scowow were affected with a blight.	"Wretch!"	The Snake and the Swallow A Swallow who had built her nest in a court of justice reared a fine family of young birds.	"Indolence."	"Then thou art a happy man," said the Dishonest Gain, "and thy bleeding head is but mere dissembling.	"Thank you," said Jamrach, and was about to proceed.	"There is nothing to appraise," said the Attorney, pocketing his last fee.	"An Assassin is not in jeopardy when tried in California."	Thereupon the saurian emerged from his dream and took to the water, greatly to the surprise of the man-and-brother.	"The gentleman is excused," said the Judge, handing back the certificate to the person who had brought it, "he has a brain."	Thereupon he hastened to Police Headquarters to report progress.	At this the Deputation was greatly abashed.	The Farmer and the Fox A Farmer who had a deadly and implacable hatred against a certain Fox, caught him and tied some tow to his tail; then carrying him to the centre of his own grain-field, set the tow on fire and let the animal go.	The Detective eagerly scanned the page, and found an official statement that the deceased was dead.	"Madam," said Saint Peter, rising and approaching the wicket, "whence do you come?"	One day he was taken in the act and condemned to die.	the King asked.	I like chicken better than pork, anyhow."	Then the People said: "Behold, this is an honest citizen!"	"'Sh!	And he slipped into a hollow stump.	While he looked upon the alarming spectacle an Office broke away from the Throng and took shelter in a tomb close to where he stood, the crowd being too intent upon hammering one another to observe that the cause of their contention had departed.	Happy, thrice happy man!	"What answer did he give you?"	The Bumbo of Jiam The Pahdour of Patagascar and the Gookul of Madagonia were disputing about an island which both claimed.	cried the King; "I told you so!--he is addicted to counting syllables.	"No," said the Depth of Degradation, "they have already fallen to me."	Saint and Sinner "My friend," said a distinguished officer of the Salvation Army, to a Most Wicked Sinner, "I was once a drunkard, a thief, an assassin.	What if I decline to purchase?"	"You are a detestable hypocrite and an idiot!"	The Reform School Board The members of the School Board in Doosnoswair being suspected of appointing female teachers for an improper consideration, the people elected a Board composed wholly of women.	Thereat the Angel of Compassion did most shamelessly and wickedly laugh.	Go now to your beautiful homes and be happy."	"Because," replied the Sheep, "I am a vegetarian."	"May the wild hog defile my grave, but thou speakest wisdom!"	"Thank you kindly," the Man with a Wart on His Nose replied, pocketing the money; "it is just the same to us as if you joined.	"He is the Statesman who saved his country," answered the Race Horse.	"I referred," said the Witch, "to the head of her good man."	He rises with the lark, passes the day in wholesome toil, and lies down at night to pleasant dreams.	The Devoted Widow A Widow weeping on her husband's grave was approached by an Engaging Gentleman who, in a respectful manner, assured her that he had long entertained for her the most tender feelings.	"And you dare to ask for mine!"	"Ah, yes, I see," said the Attorney, thoughtfully, "we are making progress--we are getting on famously."	The machine immediately broke through the massive substructure upon which it was builded, and sank out of sight into the earth, the aeronaut springing out barely in time to save himself.	_I_ precede so great and illustrious a rat as you?	_Inventor_.--"One million dollars."