He has probably already given the command to fire at will.	While she was fetching the water her husband approached the dusty horseman and inquired eagerly for news from the front.	.	Ah, that was a fine endeavor!	That opportunity, he felt, would come, as it comes to all in wartime.	He felt the ripples upon his face and heard their separate sounds as they struck.	Their movements were grotesque and horrible, their forms gigantic.	What splendid effort!--what magnificent, what superhuman strength!	The arrangement commended itself to his judgement as simple and effective.	A whiz and a rattle of grapeshot among the branches high above his head roused him from his dream.	"About thirty miles."	He closed his eyes in order to fix his last thoughts upon his wife and children.	The sudden arrest of his motion, the abrasion of one of his hands on the gravel, restored him, and he wept with delight.	The baffled cannoneer had fired him a random farewell.	What he heard was the ticking of his watch.	With their greater infrequency the sounds increased in strength and sharpness.	They seemed like streams of pulsating fire heating him to an intolerable temperature.	He thanked her ceremoniously, bowed to her husband and rode away.	"I was there a month ago," he replied.	Although no soldier, he had frequented camps enough to know the dread significance of that deliberate, drawling, aspirated chant; the lieutenant on shore was taking a part in the morning's work.	The intervals of silence grew progressively longer; the delays became maddening.	Shoulder arms!	They tore it away and thrust it fiercely aside, its undulations resembling those of a water snake.	He gave the struggle his attention, as an idler might observe the feat of a juggler, without interest in the outcome.	They shouted and gesticulated, pointing at him.	By nightfall he was fatigued, footsore, famished.	The hunted man saw all this over his shoulder; he was now swimming vigorously with the current.	He watched them with a new interest as first one and then the other pounced upon the noose at his neck.	Keen, poignant agonies seemed to shoot from his neck downward through every fiber of his body and limbs.	How slowly it appeared to move!	He was a Federal scout.	At a signal from the former the latter would step aside, the plank would tilt and the condemned man go down between two ties.	As he shook his head free from the commotion of the smitten water he heard the deflected shot humming through the air ahead, and in an instant it was cracking and smashing the branches in the forest beyond.	He dug his fingers into the sand, threw it over himself in handfuls and audibly blessed it.	Its recurrence was regular, but as slow as the tolling of a death knell.	Farquhar dived--dived as deeply as he could.	The man in the water saw the eye of the man on the bridge gazing into his own through the sights of the rifle.	What a sluggish stream!	He sprang to his feet, rushed up the sloping bank, and plunged into the forest.	He had not known that he lived in so wild a region.	.	It looked like diamonds, rubies, emeralds; he could think of nothing beautiful which it did not resemble.	A fish slid along beneath his eyes and he heard the rush of its body parting the water.	A rising sheet of water curved over him, fell down upon him, blinded him, strangled him!	He thought he shouted these words to his hands, for the undoing of the noose had been succeeded by the direst pang that he had yet experienced.	The cord fell away; his arms parted and floated upward, the hands dimly seen on each side in the growing light.	He looked at the forest on the bank of the stream, saw the individual trees, the leaves and the veining of each leaf--he saw the very insects upon them:  the locusts, the brilliant bodied flies, the gray spiders stretching their webs from twig to twig.	"Only a picket post half a mile out, on the railroad, and a single sentinel at this end of the bridge."	He opened his eyes in the darkness and saw above him a gleam of light, but how distant, how inaccessible!	A strange roseate light shone through the spaces among their trunks and the wind made in their branches the music of AEolian harps.	The humming of the gnats that danced above the eddies of the stream, the beating of the dragon flies' wings, the strokes of the water spiders' legs, like oars which had lifted their boat--all these made audible music.	.	The water, the banks, the forests, the now distant bridge, fort and men, all were commingled and blurred.	II Peyton Farquhar was a well to do planter, of an old and highly respected Alabama family.	The thought of his wife and children urged him on.	Bravo!	The two sentinels fired again, independently and ineffectually.	To die of hanging at the bottom of a river!--the idea seemed to him ludicrous.	His whole body was racked and wrenched with an insupportable anguish!	III As Peyton Farquhar fell straight downward through the bridge he lost consciousness and was as one already dead.	Objects were represented by their colors only; circular horizontal streaks of color--that was all he saw.	The forest seemed interminable; nowhere did he discover a break in it, not even a woodman's road.	And now he became conscious of a new disturbance.	The soldiers had almost finished reloading; the metal ramrods flashed all at once in the sunshine as they were drawn from the barrels, turned in the air, and thrust into their sockets.	Ready!.	He wore a moustache and pointed beard, but no whiskers; his eyes were large and dark gray, and had a kindly expression which one would hardly have expected in one whose neck was in the hemp.	"Put it back, put it back!"	He awaited each new stroke with impatience and--he knew not why--apprehension.	"Is there no force on this side of the creek?"	Then it began to grow and brighten, and he knew that he was rising toward the surface--knew it with reluctance, for he was now very comfortable.	"If I could free my hands," he thought, "I might throw off the noose and spring into the stream.	The sergeant stepped aside.	Mrs. Farquhar was only too happy to serve him with her own white hands.	His brain was as energetic as his arms and legs; he thought with the rapidity of lightning: "The officer," he reasoned, "will not make that martinet's error a second time.	The preparations being complete, the two private soldiers stepped aside and each drew away the plank upon which he had been standing.	He wondered what it was, and whether immeasurably distant or near by-- it seemed both.	.	His features were good--a straight nose, firm mouth, broad forehead, from which his long, dark hair was combed straight back, falling behind his ears to the collar of his well fitting frock coat.	Aim!	.	His neck ached horribly; his brain was on fire, his heart, which had been fluttering faintly, gave a great leap, trying to force itself out at his mouth.	They have reached the Owl Creek bridge, put it in order and built a stockade on the north bank.	They hurt his ear like the thrust of a knife; he feared he would shriek.