It was not only imperative that we learn through them clues by which we might eventually fix guilt on the rustler gang, but also just as imperative that we develop a band of deputies to help us when the fight began.	Chapter 6 ENTER JACK BLOME Strange that the narrating of this incident made Diane Sampson unhappy.	Those who were not drinking were talking low.	It's scarcely my place, Miss Sampson, to tell you what you'll find out for yourself, sooner or later."	Because Jim swore you were wrong not to kill instead of wing him.	On the night of the fifth day after Steele's departure, I went, as was my habit, to the rendezvous we maintained at the pile of rocks out in the open.	I forgot I was not a spectator, but an ally.	"'Well, here I am.	"Russ, let me tell you--whenever anything frightens me since we got here I think of you.	Again he gave a slight start, and this time he hid his eyes.	A noise, a stealthy sound, a step, froze that embrace into stone.	Conspicuous on his vest was a huge silver shield.	"Too bad hurt for action.	I wish Steele had put both Blome and Snecker out of the way.	Because, manifestly, Sally did not intend to run any risk of my not seeing her in her glory, no matter where my eyes looked.	As I turned my back on the coarse and exciting life in the saloons and gambling hells, and spent all my time except when sleeping, out in the windy open under blue sky and starry heaven, my spirit had an uplift.	Steele and I both awaited results of this significant fact.	A couple of times in promenading I passed her on the arm of some proud cowboy or gallant young buck from town, and on these occasions she favored her escort with a languishing glance that probably did as much damage to him as to me.	she replied.	Tell him I've got our men spotted."	I gave him, at most, about a minute to live after Steele entered the place.	Go over to Gorsech with them.	If you're only near I feel safe."	"Probably he'd run this way or thought he had a better chance to hide where there was dancing and confusion," I replied glibly.	I thought he was done, and, yelling, I sped to him.	"Well, old man, if she takes that bungled mug of yours in her lap, you can be sure you're loved.	Feverish.	But I saw his gun, waving up, flame red once--twice--and the reports almost boomed together.	They had killed or driven out the criminals.	"Dear child, I'm badly shaken," I said.	They were both young, bronzed, hard of countenance, not unlike cowboys.	"The gang won't stand for our going.	This Ranger's hankerin' to arrest somebody.	"The rest is sentiment, perhaps.	He respected your wish.	"Sampson, here's plain talk for you and Linrock to digest," went on Steele.	"Russ, I ain't accusin' Snell," remonstrated Jim with eyes that made me thoughtful.	After a while, when we returned to the glade, Miss Sampson had considerable color in her cheeks, and Steele was leaning against the rock, grave and sad.	The young women present stared in astonishment and their partners showed excitement.	I was absolutely at a loss concerning what the future held in store for us.	There!"	You were wrong."	Swore you'd never come back?	If I see the scarf, Diane and I will ride out."	Why, she's a woman and I'm finding out that she's got a mind of her own.	Also, he arranged guns to go off inside the house at the least jar.	Yes, they'll be surprised!"	"I don't accuse you and your court of dishonesty.	"Russ, don't think me proud," she faltered.	Wright's gun went ringing to the floor.	"Sally, she's no baby.	The Ranger Service wants to rule western Texas," went on Wright.	Steele was killed at least ten times and came to life just as many.	Then you can slip out."	It won't last long."	"Not there," Steele whispered.	Stop playing with me or I'll--I'll..." Whatever I meant to say was not spoken, for Sally turned deathly white, probably from my grasp and my looks as well as my threat.	However, we were prepared to go at it with infinite patience and implacable resolve.	Hoden was bursting for relief now--to talk--to tell.	You chill me!"	That was the first time I had ever seen Wright come into Hoden's.	Then he opened the door and I went in.	We're engaged.	He was not at all quick-witted.	A motion of Steele's hand caused me to dive through a curtained door back of Hoden's counter.	"The Ranger dragged me here.	As I had very little further curiosity I did not wait to see where they went, but hurried back to relieve Miss Sampson and Sally.	"Don't betray me!	I just wanted to give them a chance.	I went round behind the stones and found the girls.	Frantically he waved a limp arm, flinging blood over the white table-cloths.	For I had given him my proofs of the guilt of Diane Sampson's father.	All at once he straightened up as if listening.	Diane insists the name's not deserved.	Bo's no good, the makin' of a gun-fighter.	"This Bo Snecker was scared stiff till he recognized Wright.	Very sweetly and seriously she kissed me again.	Shootin' arms off men like him won't do out here."	"You see I can't help it.	"What'd you hide here for?"	Tell it then."	"'Bo, you're courtin' death,' called a hard voice from the crowd.	Miss Sampson did not speak a word while we were riding the rest of the way home, but she was strangely white of face and dark of eye.