To my eye he's my pick.	The hog reached the body of Guy.	She ran to her burro.	she hissed.	I'll let you know when they make a move."	Moreover, it ran along in front of the cabins, scarcely a hundred yards, and it was covered with grass and little clumps of brush, from behind which the rustlers could fire into the windows and through the clay chinks without any considerable risk to themselves.	Jean peered through the obscurity.	"I'm not a kid.	The hogs appeared frightened.	'I'll make y'u eat thet.	Sweet it was to get home to these relatives who loved him and welcomed him with quiet gladness.	They're not goin' to leave thet store.	Antonio tied her pack on a burro.	His evident response to her kindness assured her that he was gentle, so she mounted and rode him, to discover he had the easiest gait she had ever experienced.	"Are y'u goin' to stay heah--an' wait for them?"	In the lamplight his face turned a pale greenish white.	"I knifed him.	"Boy!	An' I calkilated thet young Isbel wasn't a sight good fer Greaves' sore eyes, anyway.	Once!	At the head of this canyon in a little, level, grassy meadow stood a rude one-room log shack, with a leaning red-stone chimney on the outside.	My dad says so an' he rides fer yer dad.	Her father was holding a rope halter.	"Let your women fight for you."	They killed Guy an' Jacobs in cold blood.	The tips of pines and spruces turned gold.	she called.	Wal, accordin' to Meeker's story, Greaves came to an' talked.	"What the hell!"	he drawled.	"Wal, by thunder, I can swear to it!"	"There now, Lee.	That's the reason.	As he halted, panting for breath, he heard the ring of hoofs on stone, then the thudding beat of running horses on soft ground.	"Greaves, your hunch was right," hissed Jean.	Surely it was not a wolf and hardly could it be a coyote.	Her scrutiny of his lean, hard features accorded him more Texan attributes than formerly.	"Maybe Isbel doesn't want the name of drawin' first blood," suggested Jorth.	What was her story?	Sight of the blood on his hands, which he tried to rub off, appeared to inflame him to a great degree.	Jean rode away to an open knoll a short distance from the house, and here he stationed himself to watch all points.	"No, we're goin' to stay heah," replied Gaston Isbel.	From the sound of hoofs she judged the number of horses to be six or eight.	Evarts appeared beside himself with terror.	A deer lifted its head from browsing and stood motionless, with long ears erect, watching her go by.	That savage fling of her skirt, her bitter speech and passionate flaming face--they haunted Jean.	He's mine," replied Isbel.	Deliberate, cold-blooded murder!	And Ellen, sitting beside him in the lonely, silent darkness of that late hour, received again the intimation of nature, those vague and nameless stirrings of her innermost being, those whisperings out of the night and the forest and the sky.	He advised me to marry Ellen before I left.	"You know your father's a horse thief!"	Fitful flares of sheet lightning swept across the dark horizon to the east.	This was the sort of work he was fitted to do.	All was pitch dark inside the cabin.	And presently, returning to the fire, she thought of her uncle.	It was rough going and less conducive to sweet wanderings of mind.	Jean bent his head in stunned cognizance of the notoriety with which his father had chosen to affront any and all Tonto Basin men who were under the ban of his suspicion.	Ellen wondered if he had heard of her meeting with Jean Isbel.	"I hated to tell y'u.	The verifications of all a Texan's inherited instincts left no doubts, no hopes, no illusions--only a grim certainty that this was not conjecture nor probability, but fact.	"Why, Jean, of course I will."	Before these treasures on the floor, too magical to be touched at first, the two little boys and their sister simply knelt.	I bought him--traded with Slater for him....	They had killed him!	"Dad, you called me Prodigal, an' I reckon you were right.	Jean saw Blue's return fire bring down a huge man, who fell across Jorth's body.	Bill had been secretive and selfish.	The women whispered a little in their corner.	"The men--they rode up--a gang-they did it," panted Evarts.	Jean felt the thrill of the scenting panther.	I'm a Jorth.	This shore ain't goin' to be a visit to neighbors.	Reckon you'll find it 'most as hot as your uncle did....	The young man's head rolled and hung.	"Shore I've been quarrelin' with the fellars out there over that very question.	He had the widest shoulders of any man she had ever seen, and they made him appear rather short.	There was her wounded uncle who had been left unattended, and she was anxious to get back to him.	Jean's father had seen such a spectacle as this, but it was a new one for Jean.	Besides, I reckon I'm the one to tell y'u how your dad an' uncle got killed.	She lives alone among rough men.	It had been concealed by willows low down and leaning spruces above.	Blue was a man of deeds rather than words, and so much strong speech from him, whom everybody knew to be remarkably reliable and keen, made a profound impression upon most of the Isbel faction.	Not one chance in a thousand would she risk.