It was the greatest force in nature.	But presently I could not think of anything except the certainty that I would soon lose control of my muscles and fall over.	His grunts and pants as he worked showed his desperate energy.	Bud, who had come back in the meantime, helped me, or I should never have got out of them.	The snow-water from the mountain-peaks had changed from cold to warm; still, it gave a relief from the hot blast of air.	“Haw!	It was long before the thrills and shivers stopped chasing over me, longer before I could decide to lie down.	When he had been curried and brushed he would be a little beauty.	He kept mumbling in his own language, and rolling his wicked black eyes and twisting his thin, yellow hands.	They all laughed in a way to rouse my ire.	How lucky for me to fall in with him!	The whole sweep of forest below me was burning.	But I could not keep the dreadful roar from filling my ears, and it weakened me so that I all but dropped from the saddle.	These mountain forests are great sponges to hold the water, an' we must stop fire an' reckless cuttin'.	It took even less work for the second.	By leaning back on the rope I walked up the slope as easily as if it were a moving stairway.	With both hands I lifted the piece of pine branch and brought it down with every ounce of strength in me.	Buell, however, cut out much that I wanted, saying the thing to think of was a light pack for the pony.	An' if you leave him alone he'll not bother you, but he's bad in a corner.” “He scared away the coyotes.” “Youngster, even a silver-tip--thet's a grizzly bear--will make tracks away from a cougar.	Then a huge black iron head butted up from below and turned the log over as easily as if it had been a straw.	Something crashed in the thicket.	Jest plain black bears.	We need a smart young feller.	I had seen too much of these men in excitement, and knew if circumstances so brought it about there might come a moment when my life would not be worth a pin.	“I haven't heerd a thing, an' we're close.	It was too late for regrets.	For a few long leaps I kept my feet, then down I sprawled.	I kept on pleading, and presently I discovered, to my joy, that I had made a strong impression upon Dick.	The sight of a cabin brought back to my mind the meaning of the wild race with fire.	Punch him!	I was lost in the forest!	Straining every nerve, I drew the sight till it was in line with the gray shape, then fired.	Hiram Bent stood under a pine, and at his feet lay a black furry mass.	If none could be found at the mill he was to guard the prisoners and take care of them till Dick could send officers to relieve him.	“I wrote to my father.	Twenty yards wide, and no telling how deep!	Herky-Jerky was the only one of his companions brave enough to start to help him.	I passed a row of cook-shacks like the one I had been in, and several stores and saloons.	I had a lazy feeling and a dull ache in my bones, but the pain had gone from my head.	Then came prolonged reports, and after that a long, blistering roar in the tree-tops.	But now I know it.” “How?” “I heard Buell tell Stockton he had put the Greaser on my trail.” “Buell--Stockton!” exclaimed Dick.	I had my hands full with the big, steel-jawed steed I was trying to hold in.	Mebbe you think you need an axe,” said he.	Fire!” But presently the wall of fire rolled by and took the roar with it.	Them were life and movement in it, and something terribly sinister.	Well, I'm through with the kid an' all of you.	I walked up the trestle and into the mill.	I had to swing off my feet to pull his head down.	The slopes and pines, merged in a mass, flew backward in brown sheets.	The very consciousness that I must be quiet made it almost impossible.	Dick was for packing them off to Holston.	Besides a pen-knife this case contained salt and pepper, fishing hooks and lines, matches--a host of little things that a boy who had never been lost might imagine he would need in an emergency.	It dawned upon me presently that the campfire was much farther away than it appeared.	Bud yelled at him, so did Bill; Herky-Jerky said unpleasant things.	“More'n a thousand.	The fire was eating into their hearts.	They went down together, and the Mexican leaped on them, waving the bright thing high over his head.	The little stillness that followed his words was broken by Buell.	The bullet just ticked my arm.” Whatever Dick's reply was it got drowned in Herky-Jerky's long explosion of strange language.	Greaser ran toward Dick.	As I trudged along behind him I spoke of Dick Leslie, and asked if there were not some way to get him out of the clutches of the lumber thieves.	The ponies would be safe.	When it dawned upon Herky, he was so furious that he spat at them like an angry cat and clicked his empty revolver.	When the snow was on he cut firewood, fence-rails, and lumber for his own use in building.	“It's my first sight of such trees,” I went on, “but I've studied about them.	All about me it was like a blue twilight.	“There's a big difference, I imagine.	The madness that was in Buell was the madness to get out, to escape the consequences of his acts.	Then Cubby, putting on extra steam, took the remaining rods of the slope in another spurt.	The crackling of dry twigs brought me to my feet.	An' kid, it was your game, played like a man.” After that his voice grew faint, and I felt as if I were walking in a dream.	“An' look thar, an' thar!” Far to the right and far to the left, over the green, swelling foot-hills, rose that rounded, changing line of blue cloud.	He has friends in the Forestry Department at Washington.	What would have happened had he taken a notion to go through the brush?	Nor did I come to my senses until Hal snorted and stopped before a tangled windfall.	From its feeling my arm seemed to be shot off, but it was only a flesh-wound.	But there weren't any bears up them.” “You must keep out of his way if he comes down on you.	I'll do it.” Whereupon I marched off at once to a store and bought the supply of provisions that Buell had decided against when he helped me with my outfit.	Once on the ground I ran along under the platform until I saw a lane that led to the street.	There's going to be somebody killed.	But this slash an' this mill!	Grab a hoss now, an' we'll try to head acrost the ridge.” I remounted Target, and the three men caught horses and climbed up bareback.	There've been some shady deals all over the West because of it.