By the end of '82 I had quite definitely ceased to be "fond of the play."	In the afternoon of that day we became a little livelier.	And here again comes a chapter as sad as that which I have written on my arithmetic.	I have been looking at my copy of this work, I should think the only copy in existence, and wondering whether I would quote a few lines from it.	Here was Clare Market for you.	I forget how I heard of this name, which once loomed so fiery and strange a portent, which still, in the estimation of many excellent judges, stands for a great literary achievement.	The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.	Man, on the other hand, is by his nature designed to look upward, to gaze into the heavens that are all about him, to discern the eternal in things temporal.	If we go more deeply into this text of Horror and Harlesden, it will become apparent, I think, that what is called genius is not only of many varying degrees of intensity, but also very distinctly of two parts or functions.	It may have been so; but in any case I have always dated my inoculation with the specific virus of literature from my reading of those verses in the little calf-bound volume.	Certainly a younger son has crossed the Severn, but the two others have not moved their habitations more than ten or twelve miles in the last fifty years.	Before my day, oddly enough, we had in the county a connoisseur or gourmet of wells.	Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at http://pglaf.org/fundraising.	The nearest point at which these precious rarities were obtainable was Pontypool Road Station, about four miles distant from Llanddewi Rectory.	The natural man, then, is a singer and a poet, and so we may say that all artists are in reality survivals from an earlier time, and so it is that even in these later days the lad, with something of the youth and true nature of his race restored to him for a brief hour, sits in solitary places and endeavours to exercise his birthright.	But the poverty of the play was atoned for by the happy circumstance that before going to it we dined at the Cavour.	- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.	Mr. (afterwards Sir) Walter Besant had been the "editor" of Messrs. Chandos and Co., but just before I made my first trial of business life he had resigned, and his place was taken by a very kindly literary gentleman, whose name I have forgotten.	See paragraph 1.E below.	First there was the literary manner of the book, which to me was wholly strange and new and wonderful, and then there was the tremendous boldness of it all, the denial of everything that I had been brought up to believe most sure and sacred; the book was positively strewn with the fragments of shattered altars and the torn limbs of kings and priests.	I got Thomson also, and dallied with the quantification of the predicate, but I found such devices too new-fangled; what I wanted was the logic of the mediæval schools, and in this I took a singular and intense delight.	On the left was the Priory, with spacious and park-like grounds and many greeny elms.	They occupied the first floor and were succeeded by a family from Ireland.	but "Will you get me so-and-so?"	Here was a different tale.	My greatest fortune, I mean, from that point of view which I now more especially have in mind, the career of letters.	He wanted to publish it badly; but there were certain preliminaries to be adjusted before this could be done, and I did not see how the obstacle could be surmounted.	Unfortunately the modern process, so oddly named civilisation, is as killing to this kind of gardening as the canker to the rose; and thus it is that if I want a really nice chair, I must either buy a chair that is from a hundred to a hundred and fifty years old, or else a careful copy or replica of such a chair.	One of the masters at school had called me a "lotus-eater," and I was much pleased with the sound of the phrase, though the master did not mean to be complimentary, and I had no notion as to what a lotus-eater really was.	And, oddly enough, on the one occasion on which I visited the Ham, the magnate thereof, Mr. Iltyd Nicholl, was enjoying a meal similar in every respect to that of Lord Tredegar--though I believe he had a little cold apple tart after his cheese.	And, after all, if a man finds that plate armour is uncomfortable, that is no reason why he should not delight in seeing other people wearing it, and wearing it with dignity.	Old Gibbon was an expert shot, but he could never be persuaded to use the new-fangled percussion caps.	And the carriages were of graceful form, and the servants of those days sometimes wore gorgeous liveries; and scores of those brilliant equipages followed on one another in an unending dazzling procession.	Beneath it lies     A rarer dust, that shall arise     By heavenly breath alone; and climb the skies--     We trust.	Before it were two vases of cut-glass, with alternate facets of dull white and opaque green, of a green so evil and so bilious and so hideous that I marvel how the human mind can have conceived it.	Then did old Mr. Williams, the farmer, go up one night secretly to old Mr. James, the squire, and altogether heedless of the white face and the furious glance and the bristling moustache that greeted him, he offered all he had to his enemy.	There is the passive side of genius, that faculty which is amazed by the strange, mysterious, admirable spectacle of the world, which is enchanted and rapt out of our common airs by hints and omens of an adorable beauty everywhere latent beneath the veil of appearance.	Tents, I say advisedly, for, with the rarest exceptions, Londoners have no homes.	Indeed, it is only a few weeks ago since a gentleman wrote to a paper showing that military training was better for a boy--i.e., would make him the better soldier--than "silly old" Greek plays.	And while we are on that matter, I may say that I have never sympathised at all with those persons who have found something mean and ridiculous in a manservant in purple and gold or in blue and crimson, unless, that is, the point be taken that only a splendid duty should be dignified with a splendid vestment, and in that objection I admit there is some force.	It was a part of the old life of the friendly fires, and the friendly faces, and when, rarely enough, in this great desert of London, I meet a friend of those old days, I think we both feel as if we were surviving tribesmen of some sept that has been "literally annihilated" or "almost decimated"--to use our modern English.	I read on, enchanted, and it was then, in my twelfth or thirteenth year, that I first delighted in poetry as poetry, for its own sake, apart from any story it might tell.	There was a young lady whom he was to marry in a few months' time, and he had made arrangements for setting up as a stationer in Harlesden, and he meant to push Chandos's stuff--albums and everything--and to do well and be happy.	I don't know in the least what they did; so far as I could see they took albums out of tissue paper and put them back into tissue paper all day long.	One of them, the senior of the room--he must have been three or four years older than any of us--was just about to make a real start in life.	He used to tell me all about it when we were alone together for a minute or two, as sometimes happened.	In the autumn my mother used to concoct a singular dish which she called fermety.	_Les Cotelettes de Mouton_, _Sauce Benie_ the dish is called by the experts of the _haute cuisine_.	Here, of course, was my real failure; I translated awe, at worst awfulness, into evil; again, I say, one dreams in fire and works in clay.	Now, according to the French notion, "don" is a perfect rhyme to "pardon," and so Rabelais wrote:--     Or donne par don,     Ordonne pardon     A cil qui le donne;     Et bien guerdonne     Tout mortel preudhom     Or donne par don.	I must say that I should like to see the old "Welcome Guest" volume again.	It was said to be terrific, even in a land of furious, quickly-raised rages.	The master, a cheery, excellent young man as I remember him, may have made a correct diagnosis; I had been a lotus-eater for years without knowing it, and so recognised Ulysses' entranced companions as my true comrades in dreams.	He holds that we are all much bettered by an occasional earthquake, moral, mental or spiritual.	I made a copy of Mr. Gladstone's Latin version of the well-known hymn, "Rock of Ages": "Jesu, pro me perforatus," it began.	He says that volcanoes which suddenly burst out from under our feet are the finest tonics in the world, that violent thunderstorms, cloud-bursts, and tornadoes clear our mental skies.	Well, I came to London again in the summer of '81, thinking of another and quite a different career, which did not involve, on the face of it, that little difficulty of arithmetic.	I got to know this street well afterwards, and to like it, too, for all its associations and circumstances.	The pictures--white mounts and gilt frames--were water-colours and chromo-lithographs.	I find that my landlady turns off the gas at the meter at midnight, so I provide myself with carriage candles, which I fix up somehow on the table.	I saw Bill a couple of years ago, after an interval of a quarter of a century, and Bill wore a long black coat and a solemn collar, having been a clerk in holy orders for many years.	So, I say, here is the problem: the common, widely accepted test of the right to existence of everything: does it pay, does it add to the physical comforts of life, is quite clearly opposed to the existence of poetry, and yet poetry exists.	And such is not alone the adventure of little, ineffectual, struggling men.	Every man, I say, above the rank of the mechanic; certainly all the clerkly class; Mr. Guppy and his friends were still faithful to this headdress; which, be it remembered, was once universal all over England, so that even smock-frocked farm labourers wore it.	I heard nothing of the amiable talk of the ladies.	We receive, each one of us, the magic bean, and if we will plant it it will undoubtedly grow and become our ladder to the stars and the cloud castles.	It may have been so; but in any case I have always dated my inoculation with the specific virus of literature from my reading of those verses in the little calf-bound volume.	The Shakespeare calendar of the House is still in existence, or was in existence a year or two ago, and it bears the name of the vanished firm.	I remember my father, who knew about as much of the matter as I did, sketching out my future career.	Or the hideous raw row of suburban houses would suddenly confront me, surging up, a foul growth, from the green meadow, or the sick reek of the brickfields by Acton Vale blew in my nostrils.	Bill, I am convinced, thought nothing of all this; his talk was of B.N.C.	It is an old and approved British test; by it Macaulay condemned the whole of Greek philosophy, because that philosophy did not lead up to the invention of the steam engine.	Perhaps I remember most acutely my first reading of "The Heart of Midlothian," and this for a good but external reason.	*       *       *       *       * There comes to me from very long ago the memory of a burning afternoon in the hot heart of July.	High, indeed, as dealing with immortal essences, not with monkeys' guts; interminable also in the manner of the cathedral rushing upwards to the stars which it cannot attain, of the old modes in which there are no true closes, but rather hints of undying melodies far beyond their endings; interminable, according to the dictum of one of these dark-robed Masters; _omnia exeunt in mysterium_.	Chiefly, I think I took down and transcribed a daily report to the head office of the firm, which was in Belfast or Dundee or some such town.	And I, all alone in my little room, friendless, desolate; conscious to my very heart of my stuttering awkwardness whenever I thought of attempting the great speech of literature; wandering, bewildered, in the world of imagination, not knowing whither I went, feeling my way like a blind man, stumbling like a blind man, like a blind man striking my head against the wall, for me no help, no friends, no counsel, no comfort.	But by 1910, those who had arranged this destiny for me were long dead and delivered from all their troubles.	And so, the long and the short of it was, that in 1880 I began to try to write.	But it is one thing to dream dreams; and quite another to interpret them, and in this active faculty of interpretation, or translation of the heavenly tongues into earthly speech, there are infinite degrees of excellence.	In the exact centre of the room was a round rosewood table standing on one leg, and consequently shaky.	I did so, in the blank verse form, and sent the "poem" to the "Gentleman's Magazine," and this I think was my first attempt to get into print.	Again it was the autumn evening, and the November twilight was passing into the gloom of night.