It shows Ideala at about her worst, but marks a period in her career, a turning-point for the better.	"I _am_ dissatisfied," he said, raising his hat, and brushing his hand back over his hair.	"The marriage contract," Ideala answered, calmly.	Ideala looked round for something to revive her.	But will you kindly tell me where a woman's duty to her husband ends and her duty to herself begins?	Their pungent scent, and their colours?	And Claudia left the room, frowning and perplexed.	You see, even your restraining presence doesn't always keep us in order.	Lo, flowing past me are the restless rivers,     Or swelling round me is the boundless sea;     Or else the widening waste of sand that quivers     In shining stretches, shuts the world from me--   Or seems to shut it, while I would that what it seems might be.	Claudia protested.	I always fancied she had some latent idea of making atonement in that way.	"You!	Or raise such sun-kissed lips aglow to meet cool showers?	We have no high ideals of anything.	I never expected him to answer that second note, but he did, at once.	"Not doing so was a kind of falsehood.	"Now, tell me," Lorrimer said to Ideala.	The change is in me."	I felt sure she was expecting someone, or something, that never came.	"Why wait till I've gone?	But the thought of him came with me, and the desire to know the truth grew and grew, until at last I could bear that no longer either, and then I wrote; and day after day I waited, and no answer came; and then I was sure he had done it on purpose, but yet I could not bear to think it of him.	But I think something should be done to stop the little newspaper-boy nuisance: the reports they spread are quite alarming."	The furniture of the place was an old oak table standing in the window--the window itself had a deep sill, on which was arranged a row of flower-pots, from which a faint perfume came at intervals--a long narrow oak chest, carved and polished, with the date, 1700, on the side of it, a settle, and a dresser covered with the ordinary crockery used by poor people.	.	You see she was dreadfully badly treated by her friends, poor thing!	That would have been so like Ideala!	I was present when she gave her own version of the story, which was characteristic in every way.	I never knew the sort of creature I was until he told me.	So go or stay meant misery for her--   But misery is lessened when we move.	he asked.	"Let me take your books," he said.	"I believe," Claudia said, before we parted, "that there is nothing for her now but a choice of two evils.	I regret to say that circumstances over which I have no control"--and he glanced at the unconscious Bishop--"prevent the immediate payment of my debt--unless, indeed, he has a second pair;" and he left the room hurriedly as if to see.	She was very pale, and I could see that she had been weeping.	"Well?"	She watched him, and saw that he was not reading, although he held it before his eyes for some time.	"Yes, the days do drag on slowly, for after all I am never quite happy, never at peace even, never for a moment, except when I am with you.	There was the day I had seen her from the club window stoop to pick up a little ragged barefooted child that was crying in the street, and wrap her furs about it and carry it off, smiling and happy, in her arms, with no more thought of the attention such an action would attract than if she had been alone with her waif in the desert.	"What is the matter with you to-day?"	I dreamt the comet came into our drawing-room, and the leg of a Chinese table turned into a snake and snorted at it, and the comet looked so taken aback that I woke myself with a shout of laughter.	Strength of character must decide the question of place in a household as it does elsewhere; and it is surely folly to require, and useless to insist on, the submission of the strong to the weak.	She must write to him, she must know the truth one way or the other.	Lorrimer!"	My favourite seat here is a lovely spot just above where they pass.	Endeavour to please and persuade: she may yield to the person who reasons with her, not to his arguments"--opinions, however, which apply to men as often as not, and only to the young, impressible, passionate, and imperfectly educated of either sex.	"I am afraid you are right," said Charlie Lloyd.	It is very dangerous to discuss such subjects, especially--ah--when you know nothing about them, and--ah--cannot judge.	"We cannot make hereafter for ourselves,"   He answered softly; "all that we can do   Is so to live that we shall win reward   Of praise, and peace, and happy life to come.	"That is true," he rejoined, with evident relief.	*       *       *       *       *     O day and night!	"What on earth do you mean, Ideala?	"Spooney, then?"	"Yes, come," said Lorrimer.	And I'm a lawyer, you know.	Claudia laughed, and then went on without pity, describing the class as they sink lower and lower, and cruelly omitting no detail that might complete the picture.	The castle and the church a sanctuary   And refuge were, to which men often fled   For rest or safety, finding what they sought.	"Only in cases where the previous moral development had not been of a high order," she interrupted.	She was seldom bitter, and still more rarely frivolous, after that night.	"Oh!	.	We were all depressed, and one by one our party left us, until at last only Ideala remained, for we had not the heart to ask other guests, even if it had been expedient, and, under the circumstances, Claudia did not consider it so.	Claudia's likeness in the Exhibition is capital, and the fame of it is being noised abroad with a vengeance.	Then came an awful moment for her--the moment of going and paying.	The whole of their acquaintance had had something unusual about it, which would naturally predispose their minds to further unaccustomed issues when any question of right or expediency arose.	"Oh, you are obstinate, are you?"	And she was in a strange flutter of nervous excitement.	I believe that she had done it sorely against the grain, and only because he represented that by so doing she would save his reputation.	They were both considered brilliant in conversation, but somehow on these occasions neither of them shone.	"I can't read," she said.	Lorrimer took out his watch.	The woman muttered something which Ideala fortunately did not hear, and let them pass.	I did not answer her, and after a while she began again, passionately-- "We _are_ free agents in these things.	But from that time forward she would accept nothing from him but house-room, for she held that no high-minded woman could take anything from a man to whom she was bound by no tie more sacred than that of a mere legal contract.	"The mere material notion of abundance of gold and precious stones, which appealed to the early churchmen, has no charm for us," she declared.	A gentleman has a lovely place not far from us, where the trees have been spared by a miracle.	I told myself that my action in the matter had been expedient from every point of view; but presently     The rush of the grinding steel!	O day and night!	But, certainly, for a long time Ideala's guide was her feeling about a thing.	Let me congratulate you; and may your children have the mother's sweetness and the father's strength, and may the love you have for each other last for ever--there's nothing like it.	"What do you think?"	"Dear, how I laugh at my fears now, or rather, how I bless them.	Claudia had maintained latterly that her illness arose more from mental than from physical trouble; did this explain it?	At last she moved, uttering a low moan, like one in pain.