"And you really think the little woman is a genius, and will be a great writer some day?"	And as for a man who takes possession of his wife's money, and doles it out to her a little at a time--!	Sir George nodded his head approvingly, and looked at his watch.	"Well, yes, I suppose you may," Mrs. Caldwell decided; "although I must say I do not understand their being left in this way at all.	Just think what a man like that has on his own table!"	Most girls would have shrieked, you know, but she behaved heroically."	She had not a single pleasant one in connection with food.	Poor old Aunt Grace Mary was the only one, who did not accept it.	Beth asked, one day when they were sitting in a sandy hollow waiting for rabbits.	that must have cost you a small fortune."	It was her earliest recognition of their kinship, a glimpse of greatness, a moment of ecstasy never to be forgotten, the first stirring in herself of the creative faculty, for in her joy she burst out into a little song--     "Far on the borders of the Arcane."	Ri' turen nuren nuren naddio,      Right tur nuren nee."	"I don't believe he bores her a bit at _present_," Angelica observed.	At the foot of the steps a policeman was standing on the pavement making a note in a little book.	She began to take great care of her hands too, and would do no dusting without gloves on, or dirty work of any kind that was calculated to injure them.	"I wish they would," said Beth sincerely.	She wanted the people to like her as she would have liked them had they let her.	Sammy followed her obediently and in silence, although somewhat suspiciously as usual; but she piloted him safely, and, once in the acting-room, with the candle lighted, he owned that it was jolly.	Beth was sleepy and had gone to bed early.	Sammy listened with his mouth and eyes open, but when she had done he shook his head.	By degrees Beth discovered that sisters did not hold at all the same sort of place in Jim's estimation as "the girls."	"You'll take anybody's advice but your husband's.	"Now you see what comes of getting people of this kind into the house.	"All exaggeration is distasteful to me."	One amongst them will arise here and there, and do something great that is an honour to them all; but they do not honour her for it--perhaps because something in the way she dresses, or some trick of manner, does not meet with the approval of the majority.	she demanded.	Mrs. Caldwell continually lectured Beth about going into the kitchen so much; but she only lectured on principle really.	She made a religious ceremony of the effort, praying fervently, "Lord, let me write it well."	Sometimes, and especially during the hideous nights, when she slept but little, and only in short snatches, she felt tempted to take something, stimulant or sedative; but this temptation she resisted bravely, and, the whole time, an extra cup of tea or coffee for the sake of the momentary relief was the only excess she committed.	"How funny!"	"And you were walking about looking at the animals in that public place with your arm round the girl from the shoe-shop?"	"You will be able to give him an opportunity to-morrow then," she said, "if you are in at lunch-time, for he is coming to show me how to bud roses, and I have asked him to stay."	"Yes," Lady Benyon agreed.	"What!"	"What is your objection?"	CHAPTER XXV When she did what Aunt Victoria approved, Beth felt that she was making Aunt Victoria happy.	When she had won the game, and the excitement was over, she felt she had been guilty of duplicity, and determined to confess when Miss Clifford sent for her next and gave her a good opportunity.	On account of their connections the little party attracted attention, and Mrs. Caldwell, feeling her importance, expected the officials to be obsequious, which they were; and, in return, she also expected Aunt Victoria to make proper acknowledgment of their attentions.	But we shall see."	If the reading had been harrowing or exciting, she would fight Bernadine for the sixpence when they went to bed.	How did you get out?"	"Of course," said Beth.	"It was 'itched on till the knocker."	"The fairy folk are calling me."	"Give me a cheesecake--I won't tell," Beth pleaded.	Terrible gales kept the sea in torment, and the voice of its rage and pain filled Castletownrock without ceasing.	"Bless you, Beth, my dear child," she managed to say with great difficulty.	I met you; Page 522 bordered on either side with great trees, oak and elm, chestnut and beech, and a high hawthorn hedge just whitening into blosom.	My!	If you're not it will be awful for me."	Men and women of high purpose do not arrive in order to be crowded into stuffy drawing-rooms to be stared at."	"Oh, I'm thankful to hear you say 'men and women,'" Angelica broke in.	CHAPTER VII It is significant to note that church figures largely in Beth's recollection of this time, but religion not at all.	If Beth had given Sir George some one of the little things which she had written in sheer exuberance of thought and feeling, without hampering hopes of doing anything with them, he would have been very differently impressed; but, even as it was, what she had given him was as full of promise as it was full of faults, and he was convinced that he had not been mistaken in her, especially when he found that Ideala thought even better of her prospects than he did.	There is a delicate girl, much smaller than you are, in the first."	He couldn't explain it, though; but I know what he meant.	Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.	Mrs. Caldwell exclaimed irritably.	"If I hadn't had my wits about me, there would have been a smash," he vowed.	What is the form of procedure?	"It is finished," she answered.	"Papa wants us to go to him as soon as ever we can get ready!"	At this stage of her development she felt very literally--     "The heavens are telling the glory of God,      The wonder of His works displays the firmament."	One very hot day when they were working together, Aunt Victoria sitting on a high-backed chair with her back to the open doors because the light was too much for her eyes, and Beth sitting beside her on a lower seat, but so that she could look up at her, and also out into the garden, it occurred to her that once on a time, long ago, Aunt Victoria must have been young, and she tried artfully to find out first, if Aunt Victoria remembered the fact, and secondly, what little girls were like at that remote period.	She did not know his name, she had never heard his voice; their greeting--which was hardly a greeting, so restrained was the glance and the brightening of the countenance which was all the recognition that passed between them--was merely momentary, yet, in that moment, Beth was imbued with joy which lasted longer and longer each time, until at last it stayed with her for good, restored the charm of life to her, re-aroused her dormant further faculty, and quickened the vision and the dream anew.	They had knocked him down, and kicked him when he was on the ground.	She ate the rabbit with appetite, and Beth, as she watched her, determined to go hunting again, and see what she could get for her.	"I must have a holiday sometimes," he rejoined.	Dan poured himself out another glass of wine, and said no more.	"Oh, of course!"	She shut her eyes, then opened them, and looked up at him with a puzzled expression.	Beth asked when they were seated.	"The things only come home from the wash once a week, you see."	"I suppose you're regretting your friends."	"This is it," Ethel explained.	She had stopped weeding for the moment, but still sat on the mat, looking up at him.	"Then I make you a present of the copyright," Beth answered readily.	"What have you there, Puck?"	she exclaimed, suddenly clutching hold.	"That carriage is engaged," her mother exclaimed, and dragged her impatiently away.	Mrs. Caldwell thought grey a ladylike colour, and therefore bought Beth a carmelite dress of a delicate shade for the summer.	Beth smiled.	Richardson's?"