Uncle Andy sniffed.	Their legs, to be sure, stuck out beyond the screen of the poplar sapling, in plain sight of every forest wayfarer.	Up to within a couple of hundred yards of the hidden snowhouse, what had seemed to be solid land broke up and revealed itself as open sea, crowded with huge ice cakes, and walrus, and seals.	But before he had quite made up his mind to such a desperate measure the fifth minute came--and with it the yellow-and-black wasp, which made the Child forget all about the stick in the moss.	Baffled and indignant, he at last gave up the hope of a dinner of prairie dog, and dropped on a small rattler which was too sluggish from overeating to have noticed that there was any particular excitement in the village.	It was fun to bully the pigeons and to give sly, savage jabs to the half-grown chicks.	"I suppose," he said, after a pause, "that the wild creatures _do_ talk among themselves, more or less and after a fashion.	The calf himself, with his slippery greyish-black back and under-parts of a dirty cream color, was not beautiful--though, of course, his mother thought him so, as he lay nursing just under her great fin, rocked gently by the long, slow Arctic swells."	It was obviously her last effort, and he was not in the least discouraged.	That night they slept in the den, lying close to the water's edge, lest the fox should come.	"I should think so!"	"Once upon a time," went on Uncle Andy slowly, "there was a young bat--a baby bat so small you might have put him into your mother's thimble.	murmured the Child politely--which, of course, meant that he did not see at all what Uncle Andy was driving at.	Did you notice how quick it stopped?	"What on earth did you make those dreadful noises for?"	Young Grumpy did not think it was any sort of a hole for a woodchuck, but the old fellow seemed satisfied with it.	She had trembled instinctively at sight of the bear.	The Inkmaker, who always managed somehow to have his own colors match his surroundings, so that his hideous form would not show too plainly and frighten his victims away, was now of a dirty pinkish-yellow, blotched and striped with purplish-brown; and his tentacles were like a bunch of striped snakes.	To be sure, the proof would be in the pan that night, browned in savory cornmeal after the fashion of the New Brunswick backwoods.	He added the qualification as a prudent after-thought, lest Uncle Andy should think him foolish.	But not so.	"Goodness me!	He turned away discreetly, and snapped up a plump June bug.	It created a most unpleasant impression, and, not knowing why he did so, Young Grumpy hurried forth from the dark wood and down into the sunlit pasture to which he was accustomed.	Hanging poised a few feet above the tops of the waving, rose-and-purple sea-anemones and the bottle-green trailers of seaweed, every fin tense and quivering, he was ready to dart in any direction where a feast or a fight might seem to be waiting for him.	Then he knew where that adorable smell came from.	That was something quite new to him.	This done, they felt very pleased with themselves, and settled down for a well-earned sleep, curled up in a furry ball together.	He adroitly evaded the question.	But the imps, when they got over their start, were furious.	demanded the Babe eagerly.	proceeded his uncle.	The gander, much taken aback at this turn of affairs, tried to pull it out again.	But if they find that he is going to succeed in breaking in and burglarizing the place, then they fling themselves on the precious honey which they have taken so much pains to store, and begin to stuff their honey sacks as full as possible.	Stop thief!	But, young as he was, the Child had learned to ignore sarcasm--especially Uncle Andy's, which he seldom understood.	But even crows have their troubles.	He doesn't seem to have inquired the views of the prairie dogs on the subject.	Almost as the bear delivered his lunging stroke she checked herself, jumped aside with a nimbleness that no bull could have begun to match, and sank both horns deep into her great antagonist's flank.	Swimming slowly, the mother whale filled her mouth again and again with the tiny darting squid, till she had strained out and swallowed perhaps a ton of the pulpy provender.	A raft was so much more convenient than a boat or a canoe when the water was still and one had to make long, delicate casts in order to drop one's fly along the edges of the lily pods.	CHAPTER V ROCKED IN THE CRADLE OF THE DEEP Casting his flies across the eddying mouth of one of those cold streams which feed the crystal bosom of Silverwater, Uncle Andy had landed a magnificent pink-bellied trout--five pounds, if an ounce!	"After a little, when the calf had satisfied its appetite, she led it away through the trees.	And the She imp, being quite gone out of her mind with the terror of that clutch on her leg, kept flapping crazily at the end of the cord instead of turning to, like a sensible crow, and helping her brother in the fight.	And the Child, pulling himself together, turned to his uncle with a very red face.	Then he glanced skyward.	Its companion, having "sized up" Uncle Andy in the same way, presently followed.	He just waddled over to a sort of nook between the roots of the next tree, curled up with his sticky nose between his sticky paws, and was soon snoring."	But Young Grumpy had got the start.	"You're improving a lot," said he.	He drew in his paw, crouched back into the crotch, and cuffed wildly at his own ears and face as well as at the air, now thick with his assailants.	In his fierce rage he struck at everything in reach, but he was too closely held to inflict any serious wounds.	He knew that the whole human race was his enemy.	"That thrill got down into the snowhouse--the roof of which was by this time getting much thinner.	The old woodchuck's body was chill and rigid.	"Well," said Uncle after puffing at his pipe for a few complimentary moments of reflection, "there's one important thing which Bill appears to have neglected.	"I'd have been ashamed of you," said Uncle Andy, "if you hadn't known that at once from my description.	The raft was gently but none too slowly gliding out toward the tumbling whitecaps.	Teddy Bear, some ten feet out of danger, had stared for two seconds in frozen horror, and then raced away like mad with his mother's warning screech hoarse in his ears.	He ran at the gander.	"Here, as luck would have it, she found herself in the midst of the food which she loved best.	"I thought you would be.	The pleasant idea of the sawfish was to rip up the sleeper's silver belly.	Every little while the whale would lazily close her mouth, thrust forward her enormous fat tongue, and force the water out through this whalebone sieve of hers.	The shadowy leaf on the ground continued to flutter, as if trying to rise into the air.	_Tremendous_?"	"But he was getting a little careless.	"But when they were big enough for their weight to be a serious interference with their mother's hunting, then she was forced, most reluctantly, to leave them at home sometimes.	He swept off in a short circle, came back with a lightning rush, and drove his sword full length into the stealthy enemy's shoulder just behind the gills.	He nosed at the wings of the butterfly, nibbled at them, decided they were no good, and then came ambling over to the Child's feet.	The cat would wheel with an angry _pfiff-ff_, and start after this new quarry.	She soon, however, found that the short, sweet grasses of the forest glades were much more to her taste than any leaves or stringy twigs.	"Did you ever hear of any of the cow kind having sense enough for that?	They stung him where they would--while he was quickly looking over the Babe's hair, jacket, sleeves, stockings, and loose little trousers.	He turned away indifferently and began to nibble at some tough grass stems which he had brought down in case of a rainy day.	He gave a chuckling squeak of defiance and rushed straight at the dog.	He saw that it was not much use stabbing those tough tentacles.	It was a rare one.	The swoop was lightning swift, but even swifter was the disappearance of the Little Villager, and of all his neighbors for fifty feet about him.	And then she just began to bawl again at the top of her voice, for she was not only frightened and lonely, but also hungry.	Her clatter brought down the Little Villager himself, and together they hurled all the insults they could think of at the owl, who, however, calmly turned his feathery back upon them and proceeded to devour his easy prey.	Out they came in a rage, fluffing their feathers and snapping their beaks, and stood on each side of the hole to talk the affair over.	The pale creature, having reached a rock to which he could anchor himself with a couple of his feelers, had turned savagely upon his rash assailant.