she cried, and aroused her husband in a frightened way.	Just at this moment there came across the snow-field, where the Ice Maiden sat, a party of travellers.	He stepped into the great lofty hall, whose walls and ceilings shone with gilding and bright colors and heraldic devices.	"Ho!	What fine colours!	They were two gentle eyes closing on earth.	The coffin in its covering of straw tumbled out of the van, and was left on the high-road, while horses, coachman, and carriage flew past in wild career.	Everything was quiet.	"It will be blown to dust by the wind," said the father, as he seized the open hand she held towards him.	They called him a 'writer.'"	"Farewell," said Little Claus, as he went off with his money and the great chest, in which the sexton lay still concealed.	The metallic groups of figures, among which were Perseus and the Rape of the Sabines, looked like living persons, and cries of terror sounded from them all across the noble square.	And this thought rolled and grew like a snowball, until it seemed to crush him.	A single ruined wall is shown as the remains of St. Peter's, but there is a doubt if this ruin be genuine.	"Ah, ah," said an old hunter, "he has kissed Annette, has he?	Strange things sometimes happen in this world.	"You poor little child," said the old woman, "how did you manage to come all this distance into the wide world on such a rapid rolling stream?"	She had been a long time in the open air, where the different countries--the country of black bread, the codfish coast, the kingdom of Russia leather, and the banks of eau-de-Cologne, and the gardens of rose oil--exhaled their perfumes from the world-wonder flower.	But they cannot hold out long.	They were only a few oars' strokes from the reef, and Jurgen sprang from his seat and stood up in the bow.	"How could you give up such a comfortable place?"	It was incomparably beautiful.	He is soon asleep.	THE MAIL-COACH PASSENGERS It was bitterly cold, the sky glittered with stars, and not a breeze stirred.	People always said he had a good head-piece.	Away, away," he barked and then he added, "the weather is going to change."	The Snow Queen lives there now, and she burns Bengal lights every evening.	The moon threw its beams particularly on one spot where stood a tree covered with exceedingly fine moss.	"Ah, now I understand why he had such a great longing for the stove," said the yard-dog.	"Crack, crack," down fell something.	But onward, onward!	"Ho!	Already on the third day the ship lay by the island of Falster.	I am the first in this house, when anything solid or useful is required.	After the hot summer days the mist sometimes hung over the moorland as if a whole lake were behind the old trees, among which the crows and the daws were fluttering; and thus it had looked when the good Knight Grubbe had lived here--when the old manor house stood with its thick red walls.	His parents gave him permission, and so it was that he gained admission to the old house.	You must attend to the commencement of this story, for when we get to the end we shall know more than we do now about a very wicked hobgoblin; he was one of the very worst, for he was a real demon.	At first he nearly lost his eyes in astonishment at the rubbish and mockery brought forward to represent the beautiful; but he kept his eyes, and soon found full employment for them.	Enemies wrote his history.	On the raised mound which she had made as a grave for the dead priest, she found the cross made of the branches of a tree, the last work of him who now lay dead and cold beneath it.	'See what the stork has brought.	he asked, just for the sake of saying something; for it made him feel very weary to stand there and wait.	They heard the song of the priests, and saw the wild dance of the savage to the sound of the drums and trumpets of bone; the pyramids of Egypt rising to the clouds; columns and sphinxes, overthrown and buried in the sand, followed in their turn; while the northern lights flashed out over the extinguished volcanoes of the north, in fireworks none could imitate.	"The child is mine," she answered; "I can murder him if I like, and you too, Giannina."	He seized his hunting-flask, but it was empty; he had not thought of filling it before ascending the mountain.	"Do be reasonable, old lamp," said the wind, puffing away.	How many of the people with whom in those days we used to be on intimate terms appear to us as if dead, and yet they are still alive--only we have not thought of them for such a long time, whom we imagined we should retain in our memories for ever, and share every joy and sorrow with them.	The Danish and the Swedish flags wave, and Danes and Swedes say, "Good-day," and "Thank you" to each other, not with cannons, but with a friendly shake of the hand; and they exchange white bread and biscuits with each other, because foreign articles taste the best.	He had no tears to shed, and he felt no pain; no thought of Molly came into his mind.	cried Gerda; and she ran out into the garden, and examined all the beds, and searched and searched.	But the mouse-king's tail had only just touched the hot steam, when he sprang away from the chimney in a great hurry, exclaiming, "Oh, certainly, by all means, you must be my queen; and we will let the soup question rest till our golden wedding, fifty years hence; so that the poor in my kingdom, who are then to have plenty of food, will have something to look forward to for a long time, with great joy."	But indeed there was something else, something very astonishing and startling.	"Will the naughty boys freeze and fall in pieces?"	Then Gerda kissed his cheeks, and they became blooming; and she kissed his eyes, and they shone like her own; she kissed his hands and his feet, and then he became quite healthy and cheerful.	cried Martha indignantly.	Tell me, you were on the balcony that evening; you went through the door, and what did you see?"	His children were called "wellborn," and when he died, his widow was treated as a lady of position, and that was "something."	"I should very much like to know how they are getting on with the cloth," thought the emperor.	he knelt down by the bed, kissed his dead father's hand, and wept many, many bitter tears.	My husband laughed when he heard of the foolish affair, and now our Charlotte is a state councillor's wife."	Look what I have found on the high road."	The boys came running up and seized her, and in no gentle way either.	cried his uncle; "hold fast, with all your might."	There he stood on the old landing, with the autumn wind blowing down upon him through the trap-door.	He wore gaiters, stiff collars, and powdered hair, and by this he was recognized; and, indeed, he might be known by the word of command--"March!	Then the mother screamed aloud with terror, "Which of them belongs to my child?	Then the rough doll ran to the end of the table, laid himself flat down upon it, and began to pull the drawer out a little way.	On the way home, Ib told the boatman that he and Christina were as good as engaged to each other; and the boatman found out that he had always expected it would be so, and went home with Ib that evening, and remained the night in the farmhouse; but nothing further was said of the engagement.	TUESDAY As soon as Hjalmar was in bed, Ole-Luk-Oie touched, with his little magic wand, all the furniture in the room, which immediately began to chatter, and each article only talked of itself.	"I mean to go every day," said he, "to see if anything comes to pass;" and so he did.	She was very fond of the poor swallow.	"You will have a husband," said the old Chinaman to her, "who I really believe is made of mahogany.	The little maiden bent down and gently kissed the delicate leaves.	"These things must keep the feet very warm," said he; "they are of such nice soft leather."	If you had gone there, you would not have remained a human being, whereas I became one; and at the same moment I became aware of my inner being, my inborn affinity to the nature of poetry.	I had no more insults or disappointments to endure; although, indeed, there was a hole through me, as if I were false; but suspicions are nothing when a man is really true, and every one should persevere in acting honestly, for an will be made right in time.	This evening I looked through a window, before which no curtain was drawn, for nobody lives opposite.	Then he went away, and never came back.	Her black hair was fastened into a knot, and confined by a headdress formed of gold and silver coins which had been found in an ancient temple.	Love was to her as yet only a pastime, and she played with Rudy's whole heart.	It was quite a novel, strange set of beings among whom I now found myself.	"You know that I like best to show you something, so I will show you my brother.	"Love is a life-giver.