He was an idealist and visionary, with the power of putting his thoughts into words--his love poems are the most beautiful I have ever read, but they are quite impersonal.	But I cannot propose that she should live permanently with me because all future permanencies have been taken out of my hands.	With the knowledge of her own precarious hold on life she clung even more closely to what had become the strongest wish she had ever known.	A tap at the door and Miss Craven appeared, anxious and questioning.	The resemblance is extraordinary, is it not?"	The room, flooded with the evening sun, was filled with a heterogeneous collection of books and music manuscript, guns, fishing rods and whips.	He had admitted risk, he had set his house in order.	Young Major lost his heart to a gipsy lass and his father kicked him out of doors.	And she knew that he would never speak.	After all it was only a postponement, he reflected with a kind of grim satisfaction.	Miss Craven stood still looking after him with a curious smile.	For the first time she found it easy to speak to him, and talked as she would have done to Peters.	If you look like that I can never believe that you are what you say you are.	He had wired to Peters again from the docks.	“It is almost certain death,” he said, with nonchalant oriental calm.	"I shall be called hasty, ill-advised.	In any other case it would have been only the honourable thing to do, but in this it was a risk he should not have taken.	And to what had her hatred driven her?	She couldn't see the sterling worth of the man, so they drifted apart and Horringford retired more than ever into his shell.” “And what do you propose to do, Peter?” Craven's sudden question was startling, for he had not appeared to be listening to the conversation.	His lips tightened as he laid the sketch down.	What then could be his motive?	For herself she knew that she was innocent of any such intention--but was he?	Three men bore down upon him simultaneously with levelled rifles.	"Oh, God!	A night of intense beauty, mysterious, disturbing, called her compellingly.	"I just don't understand.	He looked for the last time through a blur of tears.	But he had made no effort at further understanding, for the past was always present dominating inclinations and impulses--perpetual memory, jogging at his elbow.	A saving sense of humour sent a laugh bubbling into her throat which nearly escaped.	The tardy recognition of her talent strengthened his stranger feeling toward her.	It's dam' nonsense.	I have an immense respect for Peter.” He looked at her curiously.	Admitting it his thoughts became introspective.	During a brief hour that might have drawn them nearer together they had contrived to hurt each other as it must seem to both by deliberate intent.	The flaring light of the lamp illuminated his deeply tanned face and lean muscular figure.	From one motive or another the Cravens had consistently been pitiless to their womenkind.	He called to Yoshio.	He did not answer Peters' question for some time and when at last he spoke his voice was curiously strained.	"I wish it, truly," he said firmly.	What more did she want?	He did not wish to alter or amend anything he had said.	He seems to have been universally beloved, judging from various letters that have come down to us.	But uncertainty held her.	Who would claim what he had surrendered?	The owner was now relaxing, but the bodily rest he enjoyed did not extend to his mind, which was very actively disturbed.	He came in soaked," she said abruptly, almost querulously, unlike her usual tolerant intonation.	He started violently as Said spoke to him, and, staggering, would have fallen but for the strong arm slipped round him.	For what did he hope?	In the little Norman church toward which Gillian was driving there had been added yet another memorial to a Craven who had died tragically and far from home; a record of disastrous calamity that, beginning four hundred years before with the Elizabethan gallant, had relentlessly pursued an ill-starred family.	And he could make no restitution.	He turned from her eager questioning face with acute embarrassment.	It was so unlike Barry to be inconsiderate, toward animals he had been always peculiarly tender-hearted.	And morally he would have no right to refuse her.	I thought you were done for.	If by doing this she could in any way repay....	A strong arm held her, and against its strength she leaned for a few moments in the weakness of reaction from the nervous strain through which she had passed.	It enticed him for long solitary rambles in all the countries he had visited during the ten years of his wanderings.	At last he raised his head and gazed with deliberation at himself in the glass over the mantle.	All things are ordained," he concluded almost shyly, feeling himself the worst kind of Job's comforter.	Why hadn't he told Peters the whole beastly story when he returned from Japan?	And had she failed because, after all, the reason he had given was no true reason?	If it had been a matter of personal inclination, if the past had not risen between them there would have been no hesitation.	The brown head dropped on her knee.	Will you have some tea?	If I could offer you that, God knows how willingly I would.	He was in the grip of one of the revolts against restraint and civilisation that periodically attacked him.	It did not even need finding.	He laid it down with a feeling of repulsion.	She caught his arm.	The feeling of excitement had left him, and, revolver in hand, he sat down firmer in the saddle with no more emotion than if he were in the hunting field at home.	Was there only sadness in the world?	One piece of bad work did not constitute failure--she would not admit failure.	She grew aware of his scrutiny and flinched, the hot blood rolling slowly, painfully over her face and neck.	All her life she had lived in a land of dreams, tenanted with shadowy inhabitants of her own imagining--puppets who moved obedient to her will through all the devious paths of make-believe; a spirit world where she ranged free of the narrow walls that restricted her liberty.	But there has been that in my life which comes between me and the happiness that other men can look forward to.	It was imperative that his search should be conducted as quietly and as secretly as possible.	Lord Horringford teases her but it is easy to see that her interest pleases him.	"I ain't afeard o' he," he said stoutly.	They seem to have been in some very--what do you say?--tight corners.	The young Arab's silence was welcome, Craven had himself no desire to speak.	He had loafed through life without a thought beyond the passing interest of the moment.	There was in his manner a constraint that set her heart throbbing painfully.	I'll look in again this evening.” And with another reassuring smile and a firm handclasp he was gone.