For a minute or two Carew lingered, looking after him, then turned to Hosein who was bringing up the horses.	On two previous occasions he had had a presage of danger menacing his protector that subsequent events had fully justified.	Her trembling hands crept upward to her breast, clenching convulsively over the heart that was aching and throbbing with a pain that was intolerable.	But what was the good!	A headman had superintended the arrangements with precision and despatch that savoured more of military methods than the usual haphazard procedure prevalent among journeying Arabs; and the escort, of whom a dozen or so remained at the further side of the oasis chatting with Hosein, were all obviously fighting men, extraordinarily disciplined and orderly.	Death was life—and the life she led was death.	He laughed again, looking her slowly up and down with the frank appraisement of a proprietor.	Aghast at the horrible impulse that was almost more than he could resist he thrust his hands behind him to keep them from the weapon that lay hidden in the folds of his waistcloth.	_Bon Dieu, quelle comédie!_ But to Marny it was no comedy.	And I’m hanged if I’ll have that grim faced old harridan you call your maid poking her nose in where she isn’t wanted.	Would she even be allowed to help her if necessity arose?	Miserably she stared at him, struggling to free herself.	Abdul had had his chance and for reasons of his own had neglected it.	Why was she such a coward as to ask this thing of him!	Their great girth obstructed anything but a limited view beyond them and made only a few yards of the way visible at a time.	I had to come—because—I—love you, because I have always loved you—in spite of what I did.	But what did it matter—enough that she did care and that he would have to be content with just the fact of her caring.	And from the child of his body who was lost to him his thoughts veered with sudden compassion to the child of his adoption, the little Arab waif he had saved from death to assuage his own loneliness, who was in his blindness and helplessness so utterly dependent on him.	One, at least, had shown himself to be different—and he was an Arab!	His sole desire was to get away as quickly as possible from the vicinity of the man he hated more vehemently than ever.	Neighbours were few and far between, their visits long since discouraged by the lonely, broken-hearted man who had lived a life of seclusion since his wife’s death.	And when at length he spoke, in a voice that was almost unrecognisable, he did not look at her.	A life of hardship and danger, but to him a life eminently worth living.	To get it over as soon as might be—to take her medicine like a man.	That in itself was significant.	Our hands have been tied too tightly, _voyez-vous_.	Remains you.	Gad, you’ve a lot to learn!” he said scornfully, and crushed his mouth once more against her trembling lips.	And for her own sake he would make her—for her sake, or for the sake of his own lust?	If our good Sanois once starts talking of his eternal affairs he will talk all through the opera, and I shall behave badly.	And, as he bent over her, two deep blue eyes looked suddenly into his, blankly at first, then with quick apprehension that in turn gave place to dawning recognition.	With frequent and profanatory lapses into English he managed to convey his total disapproval of the shelter provided for him, which he described as unfit even for pigs, and wrathfully announced his disinclination to share the limited accommodation with “those dam’ brutes”—horses and men-servants grouped impartially.	There were no signs of Abdul and his band of cut-throats, no lurking shadows in the vicinity of the silent houses and in a few minutes the village was behind them.	He knew now what the house wanted, why it had seemed so empty and desolate, and the knowledge was an added pang to the bitterness that filled him.	You need never see him again.	“Don’t make it harder for me, dear.	If Geradine had accepted him as an Arab, an Arab he would remain—but not an Arab to be either browbeaten or bribed.	It was as if he saw the words in letters of fire, blazing accusingly before his tired eyes.	The call seemed imperative, the call of suffering ignorant humanity whose misery he longed to alleviate.	“And is that no compensation to you?	.	To tardily admit his nationality was impossible, it would only make Geradine feel that he had been made a fool of and might probably lead to a quarrel that could easily end disastrously.	Clyde punished without either reason or provocation.	The love of his early manhood, the love he had given the woman who had been his wife, was not comparable with this overmastering passion that had come to him in his maturity.	With her hands pressed over her lips to stifle the sobs that were choking her she watched him standing beside his men till the little troop vanished in a cloud of dust along the Blidah road and, left alone, he leaped on to his own horse and sent him at a reckless gallop in the opposite direction.	I want a drink and I want a bath.	Just go to sleep and forget all about it.	But he shook his head again.	She lingered by a tall basket filled with giant roses, inhaling their delicate perfume and gathering the cool petals against her hot cheeks.	He had sat for two hours and his limbs were cramped and his head throbbing for need of physical exercise.	He would settle nothing on her, but because she had been his wife, because of the child she had borne him, he would make her an allowance to be paid quarterly through his solicitors.	But the sudden joy that filled them faded swiftly into a look of terrible fear.	And feeling more than ever that he had stepped into an episode from the Arabian Nights, Carew followed him up the staircase to a door that was covered with a curtain of matchless embroidery.	Though strong above the average, his life of intemperance had unfitted him for any protracted struggle and tonight, wearied already by his outburst of savagery and not sober enough to use with advantage what strength he had, he was helpless in the grip of the muscular hands that seemed to be crushing the life out of him.	With a shrug of disdain he raised her higher on the cushions.	I can’t dishonour you.	The horses are splendid,” she said with forced easiness.	And completely oblivious of the storm of passion his presence had evoked, Geradine strode up to him with the swaggering gait and overbearing demeanour that characterised him always, but which was especially notable in his dealings with any native, irrespective of rank.	It was a modern villa built in the French style, with all the rooms communicating.	He could take or reject any work offered him, but the mere fact of his freedom seemed to make the sense of his moral obligation more binding.	My thanks to you both.” And smiling and bowing he fluttered into the victoria and drove away.	That his acquaintance had probably developed into a more intimate relationship was no matter for surprise to the wife who was fully aware of his flagrant infidelities.	It was only the passionate impulse of the moment, the crushing sense of abnegation that made him weak, that made him want her as he was wanting her now—for his own, for that wonderful mating of soul and body that might have been theirs.	His foot was on the crumbling step when out of the gloom three figures rose up to bar his entrance and hurled themselves upon him.	Then his gaze turned southward and for a moment he stood peering intently as if striving to visualise the caravan that had long since passed out of sight.	Had he not even yet conquered the moral cowardice that in the early days of his sorrow had driven him from England and made him avoid association with his fellow countrymen rather than face the scandal that would always be connected with his name.	Carew, sitting on his left, drew his chair into the shadow of the heavy side curtain and leant back to pursue his own thoughts which the mediocre company on the stage failed to distract.	That she might have to pay, and perhaps pay hideously, for what had occurred did not matter, almost she did not care.	Any woman or child, what did she matter to him.	And the tender anxiety of his voice made her set her teeth to keep back the sob that rose in her throat, a sob of joy and wonder at the consideration to which she was so unused.	I’m safe only with you.	Then before Carew could aid her she was in the saddle, backing to make room for the screaming fury that was demonstrating his own reluctance to be mounted by every device known to his equine intelligence.	The thought was torment.	And with nothing to cling to, nothing to hope for, she felt only degradation in her association with him.	The quiet conservatory, the restfulness and courage she seemed to derive from the mere presence of the man beside her were giving her strength to meet the ordeal that still lay before her, the ugly scene that invariably terminated Geradine’s so-called nights of amusement.	Tightening his grip Carew leant forward soothing the terrified animal with voice and hand.	But the temptation had been stronger than she could withstand.	But despite its savagery he loved it.	And for five minutes he sketched with racy frankness the character and failings of the man who had won for himself an unenviable reputation even in a not too straight-laced society.	A couple of grooms sprang forward, but the last spurt had been his final effort and he made no attempt to evade them, standing with down-drooping head and widely planted feet, breathing heavily and trembling with exhaustion.	Unmanned by her sudden breakdown, aghast at the terrible sobs that seemed to be tearing the slender little body to pieces, he strained her to him with passionate strength.	The trees soon hid him from sight, and with another weary sigh she turned and looked again on the Villa des Ombres.	When Carew reached him and lifting him with practised hands supported him against his knee, the dying man’s eyes rolled upward to the grave face bending over him and his contorted features relaxed in a grin of ghastly amusement.