Well, the best thing you can do is to write and tell her all about it, and throw yourself upon her generosity."	The consummate charm of the lines seemed to Winterborne, though he divined that they were a quotation, to be somehow the result of his lost love's charms upon Fitzpiers.	she cried to herself.	"Indeed, that's not so, Mrs. Fitzpiers.	His was the selfish passion of Congreve's Millamont, to whom love's supreme delight lay in "that heart which others bleed for, bleed for me."	"Very well," he said.	But here was the fact, which could not be disguised: since seeing what an immense change her last twelve months of absence had produced in his daughter, after the heavy sum per annum that he had been spending for several years upon her education, he was reluctant to let her marry Giles Winterborne, indefinitely occupied as woodsman, cider-merchant, apple-farmer, and what not, even were she willing to marry him herself.	"You mean Mrs. Charmond?	"She will run down through that opening much faster than she went up it, if she is like the rest of the girls."	"My young man, Tim Tangs," said she.	You probably pray the same--for other reasons."	Spring weather came on rather suddenly, the unsealing of buds that had long been swollen accomplishing itself in the space of one warm night.	"I am very much shaken," she said.	"'Ch have done it once already, miss.	"When the sun shines on the north front of Sherton Abbey--that's when my happiness will come to me!"	"It quite terrified him when he first saw what you had done to it this morning," she added.	To his inquiry if she were hurt she made some incoherent reply to the effect that she did not know.	She had made it for herself mainly by her appearance and attractive behavior to him since her return.	At noon she heard a slight rustling outside the window, and found that it was caused by an eft which had crept out of the leaves to bask in the last sun-rays that would be worth having till the following May.	At first he had a particular objection to enter the parlor, because his boots were dusty, but as the surgeon insisted he waived the point and came in.	Good-by."	At her father's usual hour for retiring he again came in to see her.	A premonition that she could not resist him if he came strangely moved her.	she said, regarding him with wild uncertainty.	Others have been like it afore in Hintock."	Between four and five Fitzpiers arrived, hitching his horse to the hook outside the door.	She is SO nice!"	This letter contained, in fact, Marty's declaration that she was the original owner of Mrs. Charmond's supplementary locks, and enclosed a sample from the native stock, which had grown considerably by this time.	Without replying he raised his arm, and moved his finger till he fixed it at a point.	Presently he looked across at Winterborne.	"How long has it been introduced?"	"We may have been wrong," he began, almost fearfully, "in supposing that it can all be carried out while we stay here at Hintock.	And then, as her anxiety increased with increasing thought, there returned upon her mind some incidents of her late intercourse with him, which she had heeded but little at the time.	It will be proved by my future conduct.	He unhooked a dark-lantern from a nail under the eaves and she did not notice how his hand shook with the slight strain, or dream that in making this offer he was taxing a convalescence which could ill afford such self-sacrifice.	"You don't wish me to stay any longer?"	If we continue in these rooms there must be no mixing in with your people below.	Later on, when that planet was getting command of the upper heaven, and consequently shining with an unbroken face into such open glades as there were in the neighborhood of the hamlet, it became apparent that the margin of the wood which approached the timber-merchant's premises was not to be left to the customary stillness of that reposeful time.	The nature of her errand he could not divine, but he was prepared to give her any amount of encouragement.	Meanwhile, in the empty house from which the guests had just cleared out, the subject of their discourse was walking from room to room surveying the general displacement of furniture with no ecstatic feeling; rather the reverse, indeed.	After stating how extremely glad he was to hear that she was better, and able to get out-of-doors, he went on: "This is a wearisome business, the solicitor we have come to see being out of town.	His curious and altogether alien aspect, his strange gestures, like those of one who is rehearsing a scene to himself, and the unusual place and hour, were sufficient to account for any trepidation among the Hintock daughters at encountering him.	As Grace was left very much to herself, she took advantage of one fine day before Fitzpiers's return to drive into the aforesaid vale where stood the village of Buckbury Fitzpiers.	Fitzpiers had latterly developed an irritable discontent which vented itself in monologues when Grace was present to hear them.	The evening after leaving her he went out into the lane, and walked and pondered between the high hedges, now greenish-white with wild clematis--here called "old-man's beard," from its aspect later in the year.	Fitzpiers did not require to be told twice.	The thought of Grammer occurred to her.	"Don't raft yourself without good need, George," she replied.	"If you don't like to go to her I don't wish to force you."	Melbury and his daughter drew near their house, having seen but one living thing on their way, a squirrel, which did not run up its tree, but, dropping the sweet chestnut which it carried, cried chut-chut-chut, and stamped with its hind legs on the ground.	I couldn't have surrounded her with the refinements she looked for, anyhow, at all."	"She is not at all well," he said.	He could hardly bear to see his whilom truthful girl brought to the humiliation of having to talk like that.	Since the date of his rejection he had almost grown to see the reasonableness of that treatment.	There was no sign nor sound of Fitzpiers.	She had been sadly surprised at the suddenness of his distaste for those old-fashioned woodland forms of life which in his courtship he had professed to regard with so much interest.	From this ambiguous expression of the reticent woodlander's, Dr. Fitzpiers inferred that Giles disliked Miss Melbury because of some haughtiness in her bearing towards him, and had, on that account, withheld her name.	The struggle was too wearying, too hopeless, while she remained.	The gist of his communication was that Mrs. Fitzpiers should be assured as soon as possible that steps were being taken to sever the bond which was becoming a torture to her; that she would soon be free, and was even then virtually so.	He wrote briefly and unaffectedly; he made no excuses, but informed her that he was living quite alone, and had been led to think that they ought to be together, if she would make up her mind to forgive him.	"The plantation runs up into a corner here, close behind the house."	"Very well," she answered, stretching one hand round to him, and patting her eyes with a handkerchief held in the other.	The grateful sense of his kindness stirred her to action, though she only knew half what that kindness really was.	The question had been mooted between them before, and she was not unprepared to consider it.	"It is of rather more importance to know what the man is himself than what his family is," she said, "if he is going to practise upon us as a surgeon.	"Yes," she said, "I have thought that, too.	And Grace proceeded to explain Mrs. Charmond's proposal at large.	The rumor which agitated the other folk of Hintock had reached the young girl, and she was penning a letter to Fitzpiers, to tell him that Mrs. Charmond wore her hair.	The argument continued in these terms till a voice from the interior of the carriage inquired what was the matter.	She knew that the state of the cottager who lived that way was a mere pretext; she was quite sure he was going to Mrs. Charmond.	She had opened the window with a faint sense of triumph, but he had turned it into sadness; she did not quite comprehend the reason why.	He went on to his former residence.	"I won't quite believe that things are so much amiss.	While he ate her eyes lingered anxiously on his face, following its every movement with such loving-kindness as only a fond woman can show.	Take one of these; and here's a light."	He threw an armful of last year's leaves on to the fire, which made the flame leap higher, and the encompassing shades to weave themselves into a denser contrast, turning eve into night in a moment.	He informed her that she need have no further concern about Fitzpiers's return; that she would shortly be a free woman; and therefore, if she should desire to wed her old lover--which he trusted was the case, since it was his own deep wish--she would be in a position to do so.	His manner made her think that she had been too chiding in her speech; and a mild scarlet wave passed over her as she resolved to soften it.	"Forgive me, but I can't rule my mourning nohow as a man should, Mr. Melbury," he said.	Fitzpiers had furnished none of that single-minded confidence and truth out of which alone such a second union could spring; hence it was with a controllable emotion that she now watched the mare brought round.	This increasing complication added still more value to Grace in the surgeon's eyes: it rendered her adorable.	she murmured, her dreamy eyes resting on the swaying tip of a distant tree.	the gentleman asked.