And yet he felt more tenderly towards her at this moment than he had felt all the foregoing day.	Her nature was rather a timid one; and probably of all remedies that the white wizard could have suggested there was not one which would have filled her with so much aversion as this, not to speak of the immense obstacles in the way of its adoption.	'But I must look after you.'	'Yes, mother,' said the boy.	Its outline was soon visible to her--a narrow opening in the outer wall of the prison precincts.	It stood at the top of a slope beside King's-Hintock village-street; and immediately in front of it grew a large sycamore-tree, whose bared roots formed a convenient staircase from the road below to the front door of the dwelling.	'Then she's a very ungrateful girl!'	she said, pausing at the commencement of surprise.	So it will be hard to say who put any tubs there if they should be found.'	'No, sir, he's dead.	Stockdale obeyed; and the pressure taking effect upon the tub, which seemed, to be thin, the spirit spirted out in a stream.	'DEAR CHARLES,--Living here so long and intimately with Helena, I have    naturally learnt her history, especially that of it which refers to    you.	'Ah, that may be a promising sign: I'll call.	'When you were talking to that miller.	Mrs. Newberry looked full of pity.	'He didn't give his name?'	She was now five-and-twenty; but she seemed older.	As soon as an interior buzzing responded to her tap at the first hive Mrs. Hall went on to the second, and thus passed down the row.	Five--ay, three minutes--did the business at the back of that row of bees.	Few people travelled this way, for it was not a main road; and the long white riband of gravel that stretched before them was empty, save of one small scarce-moving speck, which presently resolved itself into the figure of boy, who was creeping on at a snail's pace, and continually looking behind him--the heavy bundle he carried being some excuse for, if not the reason of, his dilatoriness.	Barnet himself was there inspecting the progress of the works for the first time during several weeks.	The motive of his expedition to-night showed the same absence of anxious regard for Number One.	But I was not ungrateful!'	'Twelve or fourteen of them are labouring men.	'Damned if you won't poison yourself with these apothecary messes and witch mixtures some time or other,' said her husband, when his eye chanced to fall upon the multitudinous array.	After that he went back to the bedroom, and stood there some time regarding his wife's silent form.	'Which?'	When Barnet and Downe had parted, the former went to the Town Savings- Bank, of which he was a trustee, and endeavoured to forget his troubles in the contemplation of low sums of money, and figures in a network of red and blue lines.	said Trendle; 'and I am old and weak now, too.	The heart of Darton was subject to sudden overflowings.	'O, Mr. Barnet,' she said, almost in tears, 'don't revive the subject to me; I am the wrong one to console you--think, sir,--you should not be here--it would be so bad for me if it were known!'	CHAPTER IV Time passed, and the household on the Knap became again serene under the composing influences of daily routine.	'Here, I'll take the turkey.'	Lizzy Newberry's, sir.'	The house is finished almost, is it not?	The day after that they went several miles inland in a waggon-load of manure, and sold very well.'	Mrs. Lodge was by this time close to the door--not in her silk, as Rhoda had seen her in the bed-chamber, but in a morning hat, and gown of common light material, which became her better than silk.	Of inorganic differences the greatest was that a railway had invaded the town, tying it on to a main line at a junction a dozen miles off.	It was owing to this overlapping of creeds that the celebrated population- puzzle arose among the denser gentry of the district around Nether-Moynton: how could it be that a parish containing fifteen score of strong full-grown Episcopalians, and nearly thirteen score of well-matured Dissenters, numbered barely two-and-twenty score adults in all?	He supposed so.	she said one day.	After lingering on at the house for another hour he started with this intention.	'None.'	Then go to the Harbour Inn and tell them to ride to town for a doctor.	The younger one replied that there was not much doubt of it, her general health being usually good.	Meanwhile the boy had quickened his pace, and turning up a by-lane some mile and half short of the white farmstead, ascended towards the leaner pastures, and so on to the cottage of his mother.	'My arm.'	When she was in her grave he thought better of her than when she had been alive; the farm was a worse place without her than with her, after all.	And with a burst of real eloquence he went on to declare all sorts of things that he would do for her.	He reached the ancient little pile when the door was just being opened, and he was the first to enter.	No; when my two years of probation are finished, I shall have a furnished house to live in, with a varnished door and a brass knocker; and I'll march straight back to her, and ask her flat, as soon as the last plate is on the dresser!	As soon as he came up one or two recognized him, and, not liking to meet his eye, turned aside with misgiving.	I shall have to pay him nine pound a year for the rent of every one of these milchers, whatever his age or hers.	'Yes, by the help of Providence and my personal charms.	'Why,' she added, 'I couldn't marry you for the world.'	The farmers merely acknowledged by their countenances the propriety of this remark, and finding that nobody else spoke, one of the barmaids said 'yes,' in a tone of painful duty.	From behind the lamp on the table a female form now rose into view, that of a young girl, and a resemblance between her and the portrait was early discoverable.	'But then,' she said, divining his good and prescient thoughts, 'it only happens when I stay awake all night.	Lucy was never visible at these times, being either engaged in the school-room, or in taking an airing out of doors; but, knowing that she was now comfortable, and had given up the, to him, depressing idea of going off to the other side of the globe, he was quite content.	He saw before him a fine and extremely well-made young woman, with dark hair, a wide, sensible, beautiful forehead, eyes that warmed him before he knew it, and a mouth that was in itself a picture to all appreciative souls.	Now the old mead of those days, brewed of the purest first-year or maiden honey, four pounds to the gallon--with its due complement of white of eggs, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, mace, rosemary, yeast, and processes of working, bottling, and cellaring--tasted remarkably strong; but it did not taste so strong as it actually was.	Mine's a different one.'	Countrymen as they were--born, as may be said, with only an open door between them and the four seasons--they regarded the mist but as an added obscuration, and ignored its humid quality.	She had a strange dislike to walking on the side of her companion where hung the afflicted arm, moving round to the other when inadvertently near it.	He' (and they nodded towards the stranger of the deadly trade) 'is come from up the country to do it because there's not enough to do in his own county-town, and he's got the place here now our own county man's dead; he's going to live in the same cottage under the prison wall.'	'This is the meaning of what Satan showed me in the vision!	The rays from a neighbouring lamp struck through the drizzle under Charlson's umbrella, so as just to illumine his face against the shade behind, and show that his eye was turned up under the outer corner of its lid, whence it leered with impish jocoseness as he thrust his tongue into his cheek.	Every time he came to a lamp an increasing shine made itself visible upon his shoulders, till at last they quite glistened with wet.	'O, merciful heaven!'	But she had a haunting reason to be superstitious now; and she had been seized with sudden dread that this Conjuror Trendle might name her as the malignant influence which was blasting the fair person of Gertrude, and so lead her friend to hate her for ever, and to treat her as some fiend in human shape.	Although it was not late, the autumnal darkness had now become intense; and he found some difficulty in keeping to the serpentine path which led to the quarter where, as the man had told him, the one or two interments for the day had taken place.	he said.	Hardly had the sound of footsteps died away when a man returned round the corner of the house from the direction the pursuers had taken.	'Yes, of course,' said Stockdale.	It was densely splashed up to the hollow of the back with neighbouring Nether-Moynton mud, to judge by its colour, the spots being distinctly visible to him in the sunlight.	She's only biding upstairs in bed because 'tis her way sometimes.'	she asked, with dignity.	Almost at any other time--certainly during his fastidious bachelor years--he would have thought her a too demonstrative woman; but those recent circumstances of his own life to which he had just alluded made Mrs. Downe's solicitude so affecting that his eye grew damp as he witnessed it.	This frugal woman had been somewhat exercised as to the character that should be given to the gathering.	It turned out that the men had already come; for while she spoke two or three dozen heads broke the line of the slope, and a company of them at once descended from the bushes where they had been lying in wait.	On a fine summer day the boy came.	'I am afraid little Marther might not make you understand.	'Well, 'tis near enough.