An orthodox Southern Slav State, Serbia, with access to Adriatic, but not holding Bulgarian territory.	There are hundreds of them.	This novel weapon had not been effectively used in war, though it has existed for so many years.	In the first place, you can hide it behind a hill or any other form of obstacle or screen, as it shoots right up in the air.	[Illustration: DIAGRAM I.	But there was no conspicuous difference such as would make a smaller number able to defeat a much larger one, and the historical observer at a distance of time that will make him impartial, will certainly regard the war as one fought between forces of nearly the same weaponing and training.	A long war is dreaded by Germany for four separate and equal reasons:   (1) That in a really considerable length of time two of her   opponents are capable of indefinite expansion--Russia and   Great Britain.	His theory, which, of course, was only a theory, was very warmly contested.	The enemy, remember, does not ever quite know what is in front of him.	I think it just to say that she certainly could not put into the European field more than five millions during the better part of the first year of the war.	Secondly, that an economic policy should be imposed which shall leave industrial Germany free to produce and yet compelled to pay.	5.	Every time one of them fires a shot it fires away fifteen shillings.	How will time modify the grave disproportion indicated in Diagram IX?	Within that curiously twisted line nearly all speech and all feeling is German.]	It was always taken for granted, both by the German school and by their opponents, that close formation, if it could be used in the field at all, would, by its rapidity and weight, carry everything before it.	He is given at the expense of the State and not for his pleasure, the equivalent of a great quantity of lengthy excursions.	For instance, you find people telling you that a war such as this can end in a “draw” or stalemate.	Roumania, enlarged by her Transylvanian population.	So when you knew that your enemy would have to go through a narrow pass in the mountains, let us say, or across an important ford of a river, you built a castle which, as the military phrase goes, “commanded” that passage; that is, you devised a stronghold such that with, say, only 1000 of your men you would quite certainly hold up 10,000 of your enemy.	Now, as in our own case, the proportion of officers hit, wounded, and caught was large compared to that of men; but what is more important, perhaps, the proportion of officers killed or badly wounded was very much larger in proportion to the slightly wounded than was the case with the men; it is fairly certain that one-half of the trained professional officers of the German service were permanently out of action by the end of the year.	If I am told that ten men are going to fight eight, the mere sound of the figures suggests superiority on the part of the ten, but unless I know how they are going to fight, I should be puzzled to say exactly how the extra two would tell.	Now what about the wastage?	Albania   19.	Here is yet another example, connected with the transport.	Poland: Quasi-independent, but a holding of Russia.	1.	A list of the principal points in each of these sets will run somewhat as follows: In the first there were opposing schools as to-- (1) The value of modern permanent fortification and its power of resistance to a modern siege train.	If they attack in long open waves of men as at A-A, it takes them a long time to spread out, and when they are spread out the effect of their shock is not overwhelming.]	For instance, in this example of the supposed investment of Cracow.	Every man in a trench may be regarded as accounting for a certain angle of space in front of him, as A-B-C.	(2) The best formation in which to organize troops for action, and particularly the quarrel between close formation and open.	A policy of that kind means, of course, a carefully framed tariff, so designed that the tribute necessary to paying the cost of this great adventure shall fall upon its authors.	By which statement I do not mean that each Government is equally accurate, still less equally full in its relation; but that, unless you compare all the statements of this sort, you will have most imperfect evidence; just as you would have very imperfect evidence in a court of law if you only listened to the prosecution and refused to listen to the defence.	Now, that is a difficult operation, both because it is difficult to spot a machine which you cannot see, and though modern time fuses are very accurate, they cannot, of course, be accurate to a yard.	Roughly speaking, half a million of men could hold one hundred miles of such a line under modern conditions, and, therefore, when the vast numbers which such a campaign as this produces are brought into the field, you can establish a line stretching across a whole continent and incapable of being turned.	That takes one’s breath away.	But the second, which is less often considered by general opinion, is a necessity no less absolute than the necessity for adequate numbers.	A German induction upon something other than material elements is worthless, and you see it nowhere more than in the careful but often useless, though monumental, work of German historians, who will accumulate a mass of facts greater in number than those of the scholars of any other nation, and then will draw a conclusion quite shamefully absurd; conclusions which, during the last forty years, have usually been followed by the dons of our own universities.	So much for one particular newspaper report, which had nothing to distinguish it from other telegrams and news, and which millions of people must have read and believed.	It is obviously conjecture.	Supposing you have, for instance, under such conditions as those of Diagram I, a line of trenches A-B holding the issue between two obstacles X and Y against an enemy who attacks from the direction E. The number of men holding these trenches, A-B, is nine units, and this number is just enough, and only just enough, to prevent an enemy attacking from E getting through.	We must add, therefore, in that proportion to all our figures, and the result will slightly modify our conclusion, for as the central body--the enemy--has had more casualties, so it has a larger number of returns in proportion to its size, and the general deduction is that at the moment of writing (late winter) the Germanic body and the Allies opposed to them actually in the field or in training--just behind the field and ready to approach it within a few weeks--are nearly equal in total numbers, but with an appreciable margin still in favour of the enemy.	If considerations such as these give us some idea of the _scale_ of supply, a further series of considerations will help us to appreciate the _rate_ or _pace_ at which the stream of supply must flow.	For all these four reasons, then, Germany was bound to waste men, and she did waste men largely until about the end of last year.	Switzerland   5.	What then can the general in command of this dwindled force do?--   (_See Diagram VII overleaf._)] Now look back at the first diagram; there you have the line A-B, and there are nine units just able to hold it.	I have italicized that paragraph because the misapprehension of so simple a truth is at the bottom of three-quarters of the nonsense one hears about the campaign.	[Illustration: DIAGRAM IV.	Supposing the Russian losses to be no greater than the Western Allies (they probably are somewhat greater, from the conditions of the fighting), or call them 30 per cent.	In Germany you can do nothing of the kind.	He has belt, pouches, pack covering to match.	The actual wording of news is often chosen in order to deceive, although the figures may be accurate.	So it is worth while if one is attempting to form a sound opinion upon the present campaign to see exactly how and why numbers are the deciding factor in war.	It is essential to Prussia that no really independent Poland should re-arise, even mutilated.	And, luckily for us, that wastage has been particularly heavy in the matter of officers.	To keep such a web untangled, duly stretched, and accurately working is an effort of organization such as will never be seen in civilian life, and such as was never seen, even in military life, until modern times.	False news, too readily credited, does not leave people merely insufficiently informed, conscious of their ignorance, and merely grumbling because they cannot learn more, it has the positive effect of putting them into the wrong frame of mind, of making them support what they should not support, and neglect what they should not neglect.	And in time of war the whole nation begins at once to use instruments right and left for military purposes, which instruments had been originally designed for civilian purposes.	The list of questions, detailed and general, which have already been wholly or partly answered by the present campaigns might be indefinitely extended.	Why must the Censor act thus?	But when large, and at the same time mobile howitzers were constructed which, though they fired shells of a quarter of a ton and more, could go along almost over any ground and be fired from almost anywhere, and moved at comparatively short notice from one place to another, it was another matter.	Without it or against it in time of war you cannot govern.	But at the opening of the war, say by the middle of September, when she had perhaps at the most two-and-a-half million men in Poland, the total forces of the enemy, that is the total number of men Austria and Germany had equipped, trained, and ready for the field since the beginning of the war, was at least eight million.	Paris has been almost bereft of them.	Remember that these official German falsehoods, countersigned by the General Staff and the Government, are as rare as they are solid.	So much for an illustration of what is meant by absolute numbers and of their importance in the present phase of the campaign.	Holland   12.	Let us begin with the differences.	[Illustration: DIAGRAM X.	Thus the German 11.2-inch howitzer, of which we have heard so much in this war, has a maximum range when it is elevated to 43 degrees, or very nearly half-way between pointing flat and pointing straight up--and howitzers can be fired, of course, at a much higher angle than that if necessary.	I have before me as I write extract after extract of that sort.	France: with Alsace-Lorraine.	The various Governments issuing the communiqués have acquired certain habits in them which are worth noting if one is attempting to get at an accurate view of the war, and these habits may be briefly described as follows: The British Government publishes short notes of advances made or of positions maintained, but very rarely refers to the losing of ground.	2.	An independent Catholic Southern Slav or Croat State, probably a holding of Vienna.	[Illustration: MAP III.	With the northern Slavs we count the Bohemians or Czechs, the Poles, and the Russians--using the latter term, of course, for many distinct but connected groups, for it is certain that Russia proper must remain a unity.	There is one other point which I have already alluded to briefly, in which German communiqués may mislead, and that is in the way they handle statistics.	The Allied forces had advantages--the English in personal equipment, medical and commissariat service; the French, Russians, and Serbians, in the type of field gun.	of their total population, the Russians 1 per cent., the Germans perhaps 5 per cent., the Austrians between 3 and 4 per cent., the Serbians quite 10 per cent.--and 10 per cent.	This seemed obvious, but the critics of the second system of close or swarm formation always said that, though they admitted its enormous power if it could be used at all, it could not be used because its losses would be so enormous against modern firearms.	It is advisable not only to discover such novelties, but also the permanent features, which even modern machinery and modern numbers have not changed.