For a time his banking career prospered and he acquired a moderate fortune, but in 1854 unwise investments forced him to close his office.	The consequence was a succession of narrow deep holes in the clay into which an animal sank half-way to the shoulder.	The battle is also notable because the well-known scout, Kit Carson, took part in it.	In 1851 the lawlessness of mere physical violence had come to a head.	Most of the gamblers and speculators, for example, as well as the cheaper politicians, went by Panama.	Men rejoiced or despaired according to their dispositions.	In 1849, however gorgeous the trappings might have appeared to men long deprived of such things, they were of small importance compared with the games themselves.	The negro replied, "If you will walk up to my restaurant, I'll set you to work at twenty-five dollars immediately."	For lack of water many of the miners had stopped work and had to ask for credit in buying their daily necessities.	The plan for concerted action was very carefully and skillfully worked out.	Thither the Committee now removed _en masse_, without interrupting their labors.	They became discouraged.	The four hundred deserted ships lying at anchor in the harbor had dumped down on the new community the most ridiculous assortment of necessities and luxuries, such as calico, silk, rich furniture, mirrors, knock-down houses, cases and cases of tobacco, clothing, statuary, mining-implements, provisions, and the like.	CHAPTER XIV THE STORM BREAKS The Governor of the State at this time was J. Neely Johnson, a politician whose merits and demerits were both so slight that he would long since have been forgotten were it not for the fact that he occupied office during this excitement.	The prices sky-rocketed still higher.	He was instructed by Ryckman, "Sam, you go out and harangue the crowd while we make ready to move."	Within the shadow, the door opened and Charles Doane, the Grand Marshal of the Vigilantes, advanced three steps into the room.	Changes of venue to courts either prejudiced or known to be favorable to the technical interpretation of the law were very easily procured.	They have been described as moon-faced, bland, bullet-headed men, with walrus moustaches, and fatuous, placid smiles.	The vigor and force of their style arrested attention, so that when his dauntless crusading spirit, revolting against the carnival of crime both subtle and obvious, desired to edit a newspaper, he had no difficulty in raising the small sum of money necessary.	The man who was in charge of them went to sleep, and the cattle turned back and recrossed the desert or perhaps died there.... Next day I started early and drove till dusk, as I wished to tire the cattle so that they would lie down and give me a chance to sleep.	Then whatever tickets were lacking to secure the proper election were counted from the packed ballot box in the sure ward.	Coleman, though considerably taken aback, recovered himself and listened without comment.	"Go," he commanded sharply, and Casey went.	Everybody, except the owners of the buildings, was hugely delighted, and when the fire was all over it was customary for the unfortunate owner further to increase the amount of his loss by dealing out liquid refreshments to everybody concerned.	There seemed to be no rules of the road.	he cried.	This battle of San Pascual, as it was called, is interesting as being the only engagement in which the Californians got the upper hand.	The leaders, in high feather, as promptly turned to the federal authorities for the assistance they needed.	The deliberations of this body are very interesting reading.	As a boy Joseph had been shrewd enough and superstitious enough to play this trait up for all it was worth.	The public mind already prepared for excitement by the stirring events of the past few years, but now falling into the doldrums of both monotonous and hard times, responded eagerly.	A man that will steal petty articles from his enemies will, when occasion offers, steal from his brethren too.	Frémont's injection into the revolution had been timed at the happiest possible moment for him.	On the other hand, General Riley contended that the laws of California obtained until supplanted by act of Congress.	They assembled to enjoy each other's company, the brightness, the music, and the sociable warmth.	Hittell gives an incident that illustrates the latter trait very well.	The opposition is stronger than you suppose.	In October, 1848, the first steamship of the Pacific Steamship Company began her voyage from New York to Panama and San Francisco, and reached her destination toward the end of February.	These were only flintlocks, but efficient enough in their way, and supplied with bayonets.	Though he had knowledge from June 5 of a state of war, this knowledge, apparently, he had shared neither with his officers nor with the public, and he exhibited a want of initiative and vigor which is in striking contrast to Frémont's ambition and overzeal.	The former perjurers would not appear.	The mud had forced the cleaning and afterwards the planking of the principal roads; the Hounds had compelled the adoption of at least a semblance of government; and the repeated fires had made necessary the semiofficial organization of the fire department.	Some of these people were, as a chronicler of the times quaintly expressed it, "considerably tight."	The former was of the narrow, strong, fanatic type; the latter had the cool constructive brain that gave point, direction, and consistency to the Mormon system of theology.	In this manner five hundred votes were once returned from Crystal Springs precinct where there dwelt not over thirty voters.	Apparently its members were ignorant and superstitious.	Successful Germans or Hollanders of the more stupid class ran so true to type and were so numerous that they earned the generic name of "Dutch Charley."	Brigham could welcome graciously and leave a good impression upon important visitors.	Each mile had to be relayed back and forth several times.	It was well attended.	Immediately on arriving in the city he sent word to Coleman requesting an interview.	He had been formerly a fugitive from justice.	He was unable, however, to utter even two consecutive sentences.	One Boston firm was alleged to have sent out a whole shipload of women's bonnets--to a community where a woman was one of the rarest sights to be found!	The crowd gathered its breath for a frantic cheer.	The needs of hundreds of thousands of newcomers, in a country where the manufactures were practically nothing, were enormous.	King started with an attack on Palmer, Cook, and Company's methods.	Johnson agreed to this.	These things, however, are outside of our scope, as they occurred later in history.	Later, claims of a definite size were established.	Often his consignments were quite arbitrary and not at all what he ordered.	Some of the numberless saloons already showed signs of real magnificence.	He was apparently easy to fathom, but the stream really ran deep.	Each company was advised to elect its own officers, subject to ratification by the Executive Committee.	As has been pointed out, a large proportion of the city's wealth was raised not from taxation but from the sale of its property.	At first the methods were very crude.	In the interest of the proceedings a general illumination had not been ordered.	Up to now he had merely been notified by private citizens.	The constitutional convention was composed mainly of men who had previous interests in the country.	"Nothing will be done today."	Once they accepted the oath these new deputies were confronted by the choice between perjury, and its consequences, or doing service.	Each man was living for himself.	The usual superiority of head-workers over hand-workers disappeared.	The pickings incident to demoralized conditions looked rich to these men.	This statement was received in silence.	A constant stream of fresh gold was needed to shore up the tottering commercial structure.	Brannan was a Mormon who had set out from New York with two hundred and fifty Mormons to try out the land of California as a possible refuge for the persecuted sect.	The great manufacturing towns were then at their worst, containing people desperately ignorant, superstitious, and so deeply poverty-stricken that the mere idea of owning land of their own seemed to them the height of affluence.	They went to extraordinary lengths in all sorts of grafting, in the sale of public real estate, in every "shenanigan" known to skillful low-grade politicians.	Their ignorance of English together with their national clannishness caused them to stick together in communities.	He thus definitely and officially entered the movement.	A certain John Jenkins had robbed a safe and was caught after a long and spectacular pursuit.