Fortunately, the shelter of a string of islands had given us smooth water enough, but the heavy gusts sometimes stopped us as effectively as though we had butted solid land.	Or it may be well not to pitch the tent at all, but to lay it across slanting supports at an angle to reflect the heat against the ground.	Through the trees glows a light, and in the centre of that light are leaping flames, and in the circle of that light stand, rough-hewn in orange, the tent and the table and the waiting figures of your companions.	I remember most vividly the first day of a return journey from the shores of the Hudson Bay.	By ten o'clock the next morning he and his people would overtake us in spite of our earlier start.	Some one said something about its being hardly much use to go to bed.	That highbred animal fruitlessly attempted to combine dignity with a discretionary lurking between our legs.	In that manner they gain a few minutes of dense, acrid smoke, which is enough for an Indian.	At the last he fished out a concertina and played for me.	"Well, this is a French family, and they are pioneers, and the family has a place that slopes down to the water through white birch trees, and it is of the kind very tenacious of its own land.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	You will want two trees about ten feet apart, from which to suspend your tent, and a bit of flat ground underneath them.	Then Billy had to hang on until I could get my shoulder against the stern for a mighty heave, the few inches gain of which he would guard as jealously as possible, until I could get into position for another shove.	Indians are less susceptible than whites; nevertheless I have seen them badly swelled behind the ears from the bites of the big hardwood mosquito.	On the other hand, the Ojibways describe in monosyllables many ideas we could express only in phrase.	The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.	The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Forest, by Stewart Edward White This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	"Bo' jou', bo' jou," he replied.	The fact of the matter is, probably, the skin-moss over loose rounded stones gave way.	Tawabinisay has a delightful grin which he displays when pleased or good-humoured or puzzled or interested or comprehending, just as a dog sneezes and wrinkles up his nose in like case.	Undoubtedly among the half-breed and white guides of Lower Canada, Maine, and the Adirondacks are many skilful men.	He is a mighty poor shot--and he knows it.	"We'll have to use all the lard on the mast.	Your wrist muscles contract almost automatically at the swirl of a rise, and the hum of life along the gossamer of your line gains its communication with every nerve in your body.	But Peter always remained contemptuously silent.	Why would it not be possible to cut loose entirely at this point, to strike across through the forest, and so to come out on the upper reaches?	It passes across the top of the head.	The story is not consecutive; the adventures not exciting; the landscape not denned.	A pack can twist you as suddenly and expertly on your back as the best of wrestlers.	The situation remained unchanged.	I made a twenty-day trip once with nothing but a tin cup and a frying-pan.	The Halfway Pool meant much inevitable labour, with its two swift rapids and its swirling, eddies, as sedulously to be avoided as so many steel bear-traps.	Perhaps it may be permitted to call it a book of suggestion.	Our camp-sites alone break the forest; our blazes alone continue the initial short cut of the Fur Trail; our names alone distinguish the various pools.	I have seen a badly-stove canoe made as good as new in fifteen minutes.	Fuel should be your next thought.	The following morning the wind had died, but had been succeeded by a heavy pall of fog.	I learned that he and his son were from New York.	"Here, I've got to send a telegram."	Judging by the configuration of the hills, the River bent sharply above the Falls.	So much for the qualities developed by the woods life.	But it is most awkward.	"You going to camp here?"	"Can't make it like this," said I.	[Illustration: AT SUCH A TIME YOU WILL MEET WITH ADVENTURES.]	The thicket, before so formidable, amounted to nothing at all.	"I was going to shoot him in the head," I replied with dignity.	From the stickiest, blackest pastes to the silkiest, suavest oils they range, through the grades of essence, salve, and cream.	I once went into the woods with a prominent college athlete.	When you wash it, substitute the sweater until it dries.	Any but these men of iron would have adjourned for thanks and congratulations.	League after league, rising and falling and rising again into ever bluer distance, forest-covered, mysterious, other ranges and systems lifted, until at last, far out, nearly at the horizon-height of my eye, flashed again the gleam of water.	The canoe we turned bottom up and left in the bushes, and so we set off through the forest.	That evening we sat in the little sitting-room and talked far into the night.	At the end of a long period the Trader inquired, "Which way you headed?"	Towards evening we entered the hilly country, and so at the last turned to the left into a sand cove where grew maples and birches in beautiful park order under a hill.	Speech on my part would argue lightness of disposition, for it would seem to indicate that I was not also making up my mind about him.	Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included.	It was a little larger than that made by a good-sized coon.	THE STRANDED STRANGERS.	Remembering my faded blue shirt and my floppy old hat and the red handkerchief about my neck and the moccasins on my feet, I did not blame him.	"You ought to be a real estate agent," I advised.	"It is not so now," said he.	And so the last hand-clasp of civilization is extended to you from the little Aromatic Shop.	Only rarely did the sun find an orifice in the roof through which to pour a splash of liquid gold.	I cannot hope to give you the Forest.	In the woods, when a thing is to be done, do not consider how you have done it, or how you have seen it done, or how you think it ought to be done, but how it _can_ be accomplished.	He is armed with a long flint or percussion lock musket, whose gas-pipe barrel is bound to the wood that runs its entire length by means of brass bands, and whose effective range must be about ten yards.	During the summer months in the North Woods you will not need a rifle.	We named the place obviously Beaver Pond, resumed our packs, and pushed on.	He was a true Hudson's Bay man, steadfastly loyal to the Company.	But in the moments of their audibility they are very distinct.	Subtle she is, and mysterious, and gifted with a charm that lures.	They shot away with the current, leaving behind them a strange and mysterious impression of silence.	But if the earth is already soaked, you had best build a bonfire to dry out by, while you cook over a smaller fire a little distance removed, leaving the tent until later.	And they are various.	Then, after a few moments, inactivity would bring him panic.	_Never_ get careless.	I just came from the north.	will bring you sullen service, and probably breed kicks on the grub supply, which is the immediate precursor of mutiny.	Of your discoveries probably one of the most impressive will be that in the bright lexicon of woodscraft the word "mile" has been entirely left out.	Often while "jumping" a roaring rapids in two canoes, my companion and I have heard our men talking to each other in quite an ordinary tone of voice.	This was spectacular, but we did it.