But with the vision of a rounded wooded knoll a few hundred yards distant we said we'd just get out of his way a little.	The other two attend to the animals.	Or again, one night when the plain was like a sea of liquid black, and the sky blazed with stars, we rode by a sheep-herder's camp.	We would ride slowly in through the hills until we caught sight of the herds.	The air drank fresh with the cool of elevation.	Occasionally, from some hunter or forest-ranger, we gained little items of information, we learned the fascination of musical names--Mono Cañon, Patrera Don Victor, Lloma Paloma, Patrera Madulce, Cuyamas, became familiar to us as syllables.	It's rather difficult to get them all browned without burning some.	Two days later he drifted into Rapid City, having wandered off somewhere to the east.	ON EQUIPMENT    III.	That's what you came for."	You see, the evening shadow was across the river, and a beautiful grass slope at your back.	Here inserts itself quite naturally the philosophy of boiling meat.	A redwood, as perhaps you know, is a tremendous big tree sometimes as big as twenty feet in diameter.	She'll never make the Tunemah."	This was no mean task, but we accomplished it lightly, searching out a ford.	The second, however, I hooked, and in a moment had him on the grass.	They could not seem to get the notion into their heads that all we wanted them to do was to get on the inside and stand still.	"Trail lost: Injun here," denied the red man.	I should have offered them the use of Bullet, but Bullet had come far enough, and this was only one of a dozen such cases.	You waded out on the bar and cast along the length of the pine skeleton over the pool.	It was that that day was a holiday.	Care should be taken lest the two species become hybridized, as has occurred following certain misguided efforts in the South Fork of the Kern.	Others hate it.	We understood what he meant.	Only furthermore I have noticed that the really good horse keeps his feet, and the poor one tumbles.	His sureness of foot should be beyond question, and of course he must be an expert at foraging.	Figures, indistinct and formless, wandered here and there in the shadows, suddenly emerging from mystery into the clarity of firelight, there to disclose themselves as visitors.	As for color, you will see all sorts of queer things.	I'VE been having a good time.	But one day the range men drove up a little bunch of full-grown cattle that had been bought from a smaller owner.	They stop sometimes, and wait patiently while we dive in and out of houses, but always when we are ready to go on, they are ready too, and so take up the journey placidly as though nothing had intervened.	1.F.3.	"And don't stir from them no matter what happens, or you'll get lost," we commanded out of the wisdom of long experience.	Our immediate neighbors were an old man of seventy-two and his grandson of twenty-five.	So she temporized in the manner of society.	Yet we felt that at last we were rising, were leaving the level of the Inferno, were nearing the threshold of the high country.	Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	Then leisurely she would arise and shake herself.	It was all pretense, for when you DID yield to temptation and light into her with the toe of your boot, she subsided into common sense.	We theorized at length, but gave it up finally, and went on.	Afterwards I took a look and found that there were no more bushes for a hundred feet either way.	It must have been pretty rough through there."	It was not much of a ravine; in fact it was more like a slight gouge in the flatness of the country.	The mist mountains have drawn nearer, they seem to bend over you in silent contemplation.	A mere indication of the bridle-hand turned him to right or left, and a mere raising of the hand without the slightest pressure on the bit stopped him short.	We might have taken the regular wagon-road by way of Chinquapin, but we preferred to stick to the trail, and so encountered our first sign of civilization within an hundred yards of the brink.	And then they had merrily whooped it up at a gait which would have appalled seasoned old stagers like ourselves.	I have space for only a few examples, but they will illustrate what I mean.	So I put down my tin plate gently, and took up my rifle, and without rising shot that bear through the back of the neck.	We stared at each other, then at the trail.	"Is it any hotter than this on the desert?"	They rattled our cabin, they shrieked in our eaves, they puffed down our chimney, scattering the ashes and leaving in the room a balloon of smoke as though a shell had burst.	Before the range riders were even astir we had taken up our journey, filching thus a few hours from the inimical sun.	Or, away up in the snows, warmed by the fortuity of reflected heat, its emerald eye looked bravely out to the heavens.	Them in return we generally perceived to belong to our totem.	To our left lay a windrow of snow such as you will see drifted into a sharp crest across a corner of your yard; only this windrow was twenty feet high and packed solid by the sun, the wind, and the weight of its age.	LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.	It has to be done VERY steadily, at that distance,--and you out of breath, with your nerves keyed high in the tension of such caution."	The latter you will make into a "bouillon."	But with the vision of a rounded wooded knoll a few hundred yards distant we said we'd just get out of his way a little.	She was a glutton for work; and she could fall far and hard without injuring herself.	Rather we wound in and out, round and about, through a labyrinth of valleys and cañons and ravines, farther and farther into a mysterious shut-in country that seemed to have no end.	Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will be renamed.	The winds rustled.	These latter two dishes taste entirely unlike each other or their separate ingredients.	Cut other little gashes, and fill these gashes with onions chopped very fine.	Then the trouble dies from the landscape and the baby bewilderment from his eyes.	Sang had gone back to cooking.	Into this I dumped a handful of raisins, a tablespoonful of baking-powder, two of sugar, and about a pound of fat salt pork cut into little cubes.	We could see far ahead a landmark which we would reach only by a morning's travel.	It has to be done VERY steadily, at that distance,--and you out of breath, with your nerves keyed high in the tension of such caution."	About a week later one of your companions drags out of the alforja something crumpled that resembles in general appearance and texture a rusted five-gallon coal-oil can that has been in a wreck.	These had originally been brown, but the sun had bleached them almost white in remarkable contrast to his complexion.	After that it was not so bad.	There your horse has to be a goat in balance.	One February I walked out of the North Country on snowshoes and stepped directly into a Canadian Pacific transcontinental train.	We had not lung capacity to satisfy our desire for it.	And then all at once we surmounted a slight elevation, and found that we had been traveling on a plateau, and that these apparent little hills were in reality the peaks of high mountains.	You smoke pipes.	In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.	"My eyes ain't what they was.	If you are a student of animal anatomy, you can skin and quarter a deer with nothing heavier than a pocket-knife.