"What do you care?"	"Some Jersey boys heard I had a caller.	It was hard to remember what information I was supposed to get from Arena.	"Slim won't shoot."	I shut down the turbo, and in the silence popped the lid and stepped out.	"Stenn," I said.	"You say you've got fuel.	It don't need to be so deep when it's got two feet of lead shielding over it."	He had a palm gun in his hand, and it was pointed at the monogram on Arena's silk shirt.	I began to feel almost safe--for the moment.	The wind blew cards and papers along until they soaked up enough water to stick.	*       *       *       *       * Stenn glanced at me.	*       *       *       *       * That was interesting.	Arena was silent for a long moment.	But the information they contained was worth more than all the treasure sunk in all the seas.	I'm on your side."	"I don't think you remembered to mention the fuel situation to Mr. Maclamore, did you?"	Rusted in a scrapyard for five years.	*       *       *       *       * Arena had overcome his aversion to messy stuff sufficiently to hit me in the mouth now and then during the past few hours.	While I watched, the indicator moved, started down.	"Not enough.	Even Stenn ought to know that."	The squadron had everything--except fuel.	I was on the paved shoulder now, and could barely see the faded yellow cross-hatching that warned of the abutment that divided the pavement ahead.	"Pretty good for a simple businessman.	I didn't know what he had in mind, but it didn't seem like the time to argue.	I put the gun away and stood up.	You're the first guy ever made it in here under his own steam without an invitation."	The feet slid to a stop on the level above, a few yards away.	Someone answered in a guttural whisper.	I was getting ready to duck when it stopped at the fifth.	"See how he feels about it," I mumbled.	"Freeze or I'll burn you."	"Not right away."	I climbed in and kicked over the starter.	I dropped it.	He was having to make some tough decisions in a hurry.	I dropped the pack, clenched my two hands together, ducked down and brought them up hard under his chin.	I started to move out, and heard running feet.	"That's right.	That was tough enough, without detours.	"If the boys bust in here after a while and find me like this....	Suddenly Arena was serious.	It seemed like a long time until Slim lowered his gun.	"Drop your gun," he said.	He looked at me, and I tried to read his mind.	I froze.	Three holes, not a foot apart, right where a passenger's head would be if he were sitting upright.	Between us we got plenty.	So could Arena.	"That clown isn't worthy of a place in the Naples organization," I said.	He was still fighting Arena, he thought.	"I got six, eight rotos on the roof.	It made talking painful, but I kept at it.	"Who is it you've got?"	I ran along the corridor, found a continuous service belt and hopped on, lay flat, rode it through the slot.	Arena heaved a sigh.	Are we going on?"	Up ahead, the glare panels at the top of the Blue Tower reared up half a mile into the wet night sky.	"But not scrapped.	"We don't quiz the cash customers, Joe."	"Don't crawl, Arena," I said.	"I'll make a good sailor, Maclamore," he said.	"Why?	I recognized generators, heat pumps, air plants.	"I think we'd be justified in announcing victory now, Commodore."	Anybody watching from the right spot would see me cross, walking on the narrow footway.	I'll hold ... you ... get out...." "Take it easy, Stenn," I said.	"Yeah."	But never mind.	"Come on in," he said.	To my left a discreet stair carpeted in violet velvet eased up in a gentle curve.	So all right, we cut you in.	I must tell you that I had a gun in my hand as we approached the South Radial Intermix.	He backflipped, rolled over and started crawling.	Heavy wasn't as dumb as he looked.	"Not much of a deal at that, Stenn," Arena said.	I looked back at Arena.	Then I was off the pavement, fighting the wheel, slamming through underbrush, then miraculously back on the hard surface and coasting to a stop in the clear.	"My regards to Haug."	"Nah," he said, chuckling easily.	I admired the twinkle of light on the polished barrel of a Norge stunner at his elbow and decided to ignore it too.	"I have a proposition to put before him."