Gates shouted.	"You tell 'em, Senator!"	"What's the charge?"	"That ain't no stranger.	There'll be reporters here in a matter of minutes.	"Or hunting without a license--out of season!"	It ain't for the good of the likes of you and me, I can tell you that.	Send it around to my place when you're done with it."	"Why you ... you ...	"Clear a path through here; I'm takin' my prisoner over to the jail."	We'll put Willow Grove on the map bigger'n Cape Canaveral ever was."	"Any intelligent creature--" the woman started.	"Never mind what's legal, Judge.	Stump grinned again, handed the revolver over.	"It's some kind of critter from Mars or someplace--you know that as well as me!	Cecil Stump bellowed, his face suddenly red.	What is that thing over there?"	"--intelligent being!"	"Look here, Willard," Judge Gates called, rising.	The courthouse doors banged wide; excited citizens poured forth, veering aside from Cecil Stump.	"Well, let's see," he began.	"I guess that's it.	"We're with you on that, Carter!"	"Then, by God, we'll get him for malicious damage," a man called.	Judge Gates demanded.	He jerked a blunt thumb toward the judicial bench.	The reporter picked a target.	A small gray head rose from bending over the limp form of the Fianna.	"I figgered you might have to calm 'em down right at first, but now they've had a chance to think it over and see I ain't broken no law, ain't none of these law-abiding folks going to do anything illegal--like tryin' to get rough with a licensed exterminator just doin' his job."	I ain't broken no law."	"That's the least we can do," a thin-faced woman snapped, glaring at Judge Gates.	"Whatever it says, it sure-bob don't include no purple worms.	He waved at the bystanders.	"Nope, that won't do, either; my unfortunate cousin's boy Melvin was born an imbecile, poor lad.	Maybe our ordinance won't hold water.	Now you listen to me!	"Perhaps you'd care to give me a few details of the action taken by the ... ah ... Special Committee, sir?"	"Gentlemen, we've got to take fast action.	And this time, by God, we got in the first lick!"	Senator Custis pursed his lips.	"--carrying concealed weapons!"	And at no charge to the county."	Hunters aren't going to like it--and the meat industry will be affected.	"I always knew you was a mean one, Cecil Stump," he said, unlimbering handcuffs, "ever since I seen you makin' up them ground-glass baits for Joe Potter's dog.	"I don't like that word 'prisoner'.	But it'll start 'em thinking--and it'll make a lots better copy for Willow Grove than the killing."	uh...?"	Someone coughed.	"That's obvious, gentlemen," the senator said flatly.	"I reckon I'll push off now, Sheriff," Stump hitched up his belt.	Monkeys have hands."	"Hold on there, Weinstein," the sheriff cut in.	He raised a fist and shook it.	That's a varmint, pure and simple.	He described the accuracy of his five shots, the sound they had made hitting the big blue snake, and the ludicrous spectacle the latter had presented in its death agony.	"A person is ... _any harmless creature_...." Feet shuffled.	I'm as liberal-minded as the next feller.	"Bears walk on two legs!	"Technically--" "Good Lord!"	"You blood-thirsty idiot!"	Murder's got to do with killin' humerns, way I understand it.	The gunman turned, dropped the pistol, threw up his hands, and called: "Sheriff Hoskins, I'm puttin' myself in yer pertective custody."	He stooped, retrieved his gun.	"What about a man who commits a violent act, then?"	"We better leave this for Congress to figger out!"	"We got to do something...." The senator held up his hands.	"I don't like what happened any better than you do--but a person--well, a person's got two arms and two legs and--" "Shape's got nothing to do with it," the chairman cut in.	"First degree murder."	a portly man with a head of bushy white hair pushed his way through to the bench.	Lynching's too good for you!"	However, I think we can resolve the question in terms that will form a basis for future legislation on the question.	Sheriff Hoskins pushed between Stump and the surging front rank of the crowd.	Ten people shouted at once: "--human as I am!"	I'm cooperative, Sheriff.	"I'm a licensed exterminator.	*       *       *       *       * On the courthouse steps Cecil Stump stood, hands in hip pockets, talking to a reporter from the big-town paper in Mattoon, surrounded by a crowd of late-comers who had missed the excitement inside.	The rustle of feet and throat-clearing subsided and the speaker began: "People of the Green World, happy the cycle--" Heads turned at the clump of feet coming down the side aisle; a heavy-torsoed man of middle age, bald, wearing a khaki shirt and trousers and rimless glasses and with a dark leather holster slapping his hip at each step, cleared the end of the front row of seats, planted himself, feet apart, yanked a heavy nickel-plated .44 revolver from the holster, took aim and fired five shots into the body of the Fianna at a range of ten feet.	Hell, I like a nigger--and I can't hardly tell a Jew from a white man.	The judge thrust out his lower lip.	*       *       *       *       * There was a moment of stunned silence; then a rush of spectators for the alien.	It's them or us.	Anything you say.	*       *       *       *       * He banged the gavel on the scarred bench top, glanced down at the body of the dead alien, now covered by a flag.