"Manny!"	A neat pillbox cap with a short visor was strapped low over the deep-set yellowish eyes, which turned in his direction.	"That would be an inexcusable blunder on your part!"	"Look, officer, I'm a home-loving family man, just passing through.	Snithian exclaimed.	"We're plenty tough guys when aroused."	"For the wives and kiddy.	Dan gritted his teeth as an eight-inch band of luminescence passed down the cage.	Manny charged, reaching for Dan as he twisted aside; Fiorello's elbow caught him in the mouth.	"For a moment, it appeared you were disinclined to stop.	Dan shook his head.	If you hadn't appeared soon, it would have been necessary for me to shift the scene of my operations.	You run along."	"You're of a race unfamiliar to me," he said.	Now, if I remember correctly, in your locus, there are only a few species of Anthropos extant--" "Just the one," Dzhackoon put in.	Dan asked.	Dan grabbed a lever at random and pulled.	Dan eyed the window; much too far to jump.	Dan stepped from the carrier and looked around.	Now I'll be forced to recommend subliminal reorientation during stasis."	I'm afraid I don't follow you."	The bald head ducked now under the beamed ceiling.	"And I'll deal with you later," he rumbled.	There was no sign of mechanical trouble.	"What brings you here, Gom Blote?"	"Don't mind Spoghodo," he said loudly.	Just let me out of here."	"Look at that gay play of rich browns!"	Blote worked levers.	"This means penal relocation, Sapiens!	"They was popular with the sparrows."	"I'll bet you do!"	These pictures are worth thousands."	I've heard of them.	Ghunt's eyes wandered past Dan.	Dan covered his ears against the deafening shriek, like all the police sirens in town blaring at once.	"Frightful place!	Nothing else could just materialize out of thin air like that."	A most unkind remark.	Planning more mayhem, are you?	"Well, a good fairy came and gave me three wishes--" "Take him away," the Inspector screeched.	"This is for the Ivroy, you fool!"	Then he was emerging into a spacious kitchen.	I had expected to have to conduct an intensive search within the locus.	"He's a crook!"	"I'm a Field Agent of the Inter-dimensional Monitor Service."	"I'll mention it to the Commissioner, a very close friend of mine."	The Bronx cheer sounded again.	I'm operating directly under Ivroy auspices."	"I have more serious problems at the moment!	Manny staggered back into the arms of Kelly, bursting red-faced into the vault.	"I see the machines employ a bar-type construction, not unlike our carriers."	"You don't mean--we're all going to die out and monkeys are going to take over?"	I simply deduced--" "Look, Fiorello," Manny said.	"Wait!"	The sound rose higher, into a penetrating wail.	"This is where they do time...." He tugged at a lever suddenly; the machine veered left, flickered through a barred door, came to a halt.	*       *       *       *       * "Your superiors?"	* Ladies With Beards Please Note:       Friend husband may be on the crew clearing clogged drains--so       watch that shedding in the lavatories, eh, girls?	He gulped and looked up to catch a brown eye upon him.	Dzhackoon--or Ghunt, he couldn't say which--leaned near.	"You already know of my presence here.	"Don't be nervous," Dzhackoon said cheerfully.	"He's getting old."	I just wandered in off the street.	The bluff was all right up to a point--but the point had just about been reached.	Equitable enough, I should say.	"Don't plan anything clever.	Blote waved cheerfully to Dan as he eased his grotesque bulk from the seat.	"Why, officer!	"Dimensional.	"We'll send for you," Dan said.	"Don't get the idea I'm going to help you steal anything."	The cage rushed on, rising higher.	"Clue me, Dan.	Sudden silence fell as the walls of the room glowed blue.	"Yes, but--" Dan squeaked.	"Just step through quickly."	Not over eighteen, Dan thought--as nearly as he could tell with the blue light playing around her face.	"Now, I got a proposition which may be of some interest to you.	Others admire but they cannot emulate.	"You don't understand.	Little Theatre!