As you are in such a hurry, I will not stop you now; only promise me to come over bye-and-bye for a few minutes to the Rehbock; there's a good fellow, and you will not be sorry.	"Mother," she said, and her voice trembled, "in God's name, forbid him to go to that dreadful place.	A crowd of holiday-making people poured out of the little church at Tannenegg, and scattered in every direction.	"I will take it if it snows cats and dogs; but where is it to go?"	That's the only way to find out the thief!"	"Is that true, Veronica?"	The old thoughts came right in and left me no peace.	said Blasi, significantly, and he winked so mysteriously first with one eye and then with the other, that the saddler said to himself, "I guess he's been at the Rehbock."	She was more in earnest than he had thought.	Bye-and-bye you will be convinced how much I care for you."	She had planned it all out that Dietrich should marry Veronica soon after the confirmation, that they should set up a pretty little establishment, and be her beloved neighbors.	Veronica sat silent for a time, and then rose and went to her own room.	Well, the play began, and it went on fast.	The lad was angry.	This very reserve however, was rather distasteful to Judith as regarded herself, but she liked it towards others.	He sprang to the bedside, threw his arms about her, and between his sobs he cried again and again, "Forgive me, mother, forgive me!	How can I forgive him?	"You have been dreaming, mother; we have not been singing," said the poor girl, wiping away her fast-flowing tears.	The cattle-dealer from Fohrensee was on his way home with his bag full of money, when he stopped in at the Rehbock, and joined the game.	There was no use in remonstrating with Jost, who sat there smiling scornfully without farther words.	That very day I begged my mother to let me learn to work.	Judith was still snickering over the news.	"Idleness is the mother of mischief.	It pleased him to find me always with work in my hand.	She hoped that in this way her children could always remain together and with her.	I need you both to make me perfectly happy, and cannot spare either of you;" and she looked from one to the other with caressing glances.	Have you seen her?	He opened his eyes yet wider with delight.	She said no more about it; but not all Dietrich's efforts were sufficient to chase the shadows from her face that evening, although he exerted himself to be even more amusing than usual.	No one ever knows how to take you," grumbled Blasi.	Tell me do you owe our Lord God something or is He in debt to you?	"You summoned me, or I should not have come;" said the young man, half in excuse, and half reassuringly, for Veronica stood dumb and motionless before him.	There is something feverish in her love of work; she can never do enough.	For the first time since Sabina began to speak, Veronica raised her eyes from her work.	His master did not let him off one moment before the appointed day's work was over, Blasi's application to learn the saddler's trade had been favorably received by Gertrude and he had set to work at once.	And Veronica?	All this appeared in a new light before his eyes, now that Veronica had inquired about his occupation.	"And no one can get a word out of her, either; it is exactly as if all the oil had been burned out."	What favor?	If he could become rich at once, without working any more, why shouldn't he do it?	But she's only a woman."	But I do not feel so.	When my hands are busy, my thoughts wander where they will, and I must follow them.	Everything was quiet; not a human being in sight.	A short time before Easter, the teacher had assured Gertrude that Veronica had made such extraordinary progress, that she was already prepared to teach, and that she had completed the course taught at that school, and could learn no more there.	"Don't leave me so, but tell me, Blasi, why Dietrich hasn't come home with the rest of you?"	"Now give me what you promised me."	I will never act so again!	He had no one to wash for him.	I think that with care and industry I can manage so that I shall not be obliged to give up this house while he is away.	"We will not talk about that," she answered curtly.	She saw that it was Dietrich.	"Will you not shake hands, Veronica?"	she is capable of anything when she is angry!"	Will you?	Blasi seated himself by his side, and opened his case very skilfully.	He went by quickly as if he had had no idea of going in; and then hung about watching his chance, but as time did not stand still while he waited, it was bye-and-bye eleven o'clock, and he had to go off to ring the noon bell.	He tried to quiet and reassure her, by saying that it was only a dream, and nothing to be afraid of.	On one side of her strode Dietrich, talking rapidly and earnestly: the fresh joy of youth was written in every movement of his little figure, and laughed from the depths of his clear eyes.	How much have you paid me back, as yet, since you began to borrow of me?"	"I know that what ever comes to us, comes from God, and is for our good.	whom are you talking about then?"	He was much touched at the sight of her tears; but then a great fear arose in his mind, for he thought, "She is beginning to soften, and it will all turn out just as Jost said."	But if he did not come, what then?	Had he suggested to him a new address now that the old one had been discovered?	One single person in all Tannenegg was bold enough to swim against this stream of suspicion.	Where Dietrich had gone, was now the important question.	He represented to his mother, that of course he sometimes had things to talk over with his companions, and that there surely was no harm in their going to the Rehbock together for their conversations, and he begged her to make Veronica see the whole affair in a reasonable light.	It seems a great while since you started off this morning, Veronica."	So it went on till I was about twenty years old, and then came on the trouble in my foot, and I was confined to my bed for many months.	"If you know anything more stupid than that, I should like to hear it," cried Judith very angry indeed; but she did not move away, for she wanted to hear all that Blasi had to say.	One bright Saturday afternoon, late in August, Veronica had delayed longer than usual in the work-room, to clear all away and leave things in perfect order for Sunday.	"Tell me, for all that," urged Blasi, coming toward Judith, "I can go after her, and I've no doubt I shall come up with her, and then there's no telling what may happen.	It is to be hoped that he will break his own leg, when he's trying to trip some one else up with it."	If any stranger was kind to me, I thought that it was because my hunch had not yet been seen, and that as soon as it was, kindness would be changed for contempt.	I said you'd better take your hands out of your pockets, and then your earnings would run in.	He has business in Fohrensee once a week, and lives the rest of the time down in the city; and he arranges everything down there, and then brings the account of gains and losses up to them; but it's a good deal more loss than gain.	Oh, you are good and brave!	All sorts of possible solutions flew through Veronica's head, and the conclusion she arrived at frightened her.	"You may be sure I will," said Blasi, weighing the silver piece which Judith had given him affectionately in his hand.	At last he opened it himself, and came stamping into the room.	"You may spare yourself the pains," said Veronica shortly and crossed over to the other side of the road.	"There's no losing about it;" said Jost confidently, "You're sure to win in the end, if you keep on long enough.