Just go there as much as you like!	"Come and work on the embroidery I have started for you, Mux.	"So you have come again," said Miss Dorner, who had just settled down, too.	"You simply have to help me.	The moment the child went into the house, Miss Dorner stepped out of the living room.	The time has passed so slowly without you, child," she added, holding Cornelli's hand affectionately.	Here her mother was already standing in the open door.	He at least had not changed.	The mother said no more and went out.	I don't know why you shouldn't.	said Dino quietly, putting down the scissors again.	I hope you have not come from the stable!"	Cornelli had followed her, for she was filled with sympathy.	"Shall I come back again in four hours, Papa?"	He knows everything," was Cornelli's explanation.	"Oh, it will come to that in the end," said Nika, leaving the room.	"I should like to know whom she resembles," said Miss Dorner; "she does not seem to resemble either you or your late wife."	How terrible it will be for him to live alone with her again!	"I shall ask Cornelli's father to let us have his daughter a while longer," said the mother, "I cannot possibly settle the time, her father will do that."	"But I fear that you are right.	But I know that one thing is certain: whatever will be done, she will never be a joy to her father."	"No, no, child; that would look too dreadful.	For the inhabitants of the garret lodging the days were filled with so much regular work that the nights were always greeted with loud regrets and complaints.	And Mux led his new friend to a whole pile of apple peels which lay in a bucket.	I can easily live like that.	"Come and sit down on your little stool the way you used to in the old times, Cornelli," she said lovingly, "and I'll tell you something that will help and console you.	What shall I do with her?"	Mux had already been waiting for his companion and now ran to meet her.	Cornelli sang everything as lightly and freely as a bird, and with such a clear and resonant voice that everybody got pleasure from it.	So she could be happy again as she had always been.	She knew exactly what it was like when one simply had to cry.	Esther kept on shaking her head for quite a while, but she was anxious to show Cornelli that she was the only daughter of the house and could command her.	"No?"	"Where is your daughter, Frederick?"	You can order the carriage whenever you want it."	Mr. Hellmut had still plenty of preparations to make for his journey, and the ladies retired to their rooms to get settled there.	"What do you think we will have?	It can pull you and I shall be the coachman.	It is not over at all, because it has only just begun.	Miss Mina had quickly understood the new order that had begun in the household and accordingly had suited herself to it.	Whenever anybody looks at me I have to make a cross face, for I know that everybody thinks how horrid I look.	If such a school can't break her will, nobody on earth can reform her; you can believe me, Frederick."	Mr. Maelinger was filled with astonishment, for his pupil, instead of jumping up happily and running away to greet her father, looked shyly through the window and did not budge.	"Oh, because I am not like Agnes and Nika.	"Those are just polite words," he said to himself, but aloud he added: "I am afraid that it won't be possible, for my child would not stay.	One can see them quite plainly even through your curtains," said Miss Dorner.	said Mux, placing his picture book on Cornelli's lap and pointing to a splendid colored picture.	But Cornelli had to talk over so many things with Dino that the time had passed before they had thought it possible, and it was not long before Mux came running with the message that supper was ready.	So I gave it up, for I saw that only physical punishment would help in such a case and I wanted to leave that to you; I did not come into your house for that.	The day had come when the two ladies from town were expected to arrive for their lengthy stay.	You must learn to give proper answers, Cornelli, do you hear?"	Cornelli followed her cousin into the room.	He was so fond of his wife!	"Yes, and when you go, everything is over," said Cornelli, speaking as if Dino were her enemy.	"That is why I came again to Iller-Stream," Dino replied cheerfully.	The Director was quite startled at what he saw.	"But good gracious!"	And what happened?"	Now everything was quite different.	"I would answer you about the thunder and the cabbage, Dino, if I had time," Agnes at last exploded.	"That does not matter," said Cornelli, already running down the stairs.	So she threw herself with fresh energy into all the fields of study that were opened to her.	Then she sat down at the piano, for they always concluded their evening with a song.	She had already begun a story and she simply had to know how it would end.	How high the two stood above her!	Opening the book she herself started and the three children took up the song with their pure, fresh voices:   When bowed with grief,   Go seek relief   Of God, our Lord above.	Cornelli remained still.	As soon as we have a quiet hour together we can talk it all over."	But he remembered that she had no mother and so he could understand her tears, for that was dreadfully sad.	Martha did not dare to refuse Esther's offering any more, so she began to eat her second supper, which was much more abundant than the first had been.	There were still many days and even weeks before their bliss would come true, but with this heavenly prospect before them the children performed their remaining duties only too joyfully.	Now you can stay quietly together, for there is no hurry about supper."	"Our master has not discussed that with me, but one must be dumb not to see what is going on and why the ladies came here.	But the boy was laughing.	he commanded.	"Oh, I was hoping all the time that our Cornelli could still find her way to the kitchen," said Esther with satisfaction.	All the berries are dried up by now and spoiled, and the fine cherries, too.	Such children, and mine beside them!"	asked Martha, quite grieved.	One moment they make a horrible noise and the next they go out of the door and forget about it.	"It will never again be that way," she said to herself.	Of course, it is hard for the child to get used to a new life right away.	If you always made a pleasant face they would perhaps go away entirely."