"Now if we could have gotten recognition as a nation, we'd have been all set.	Even playing his thousand-to-one shot, he still held tightly to a purpose, feeble as it might be--the hope that he could repair the time machine.	We can handle them--I think.	Hudson offered.	The JCS chairman said, "It checks, sir, with everything we know."	Like historic explorers, they could have obtained subsidization and sponsorship.	"The stockade first," said Adams, "and that means a tractor."	The scared little government clerk, darting conspiratorial glances all about him, brought the portfolio to the FBI.	"I don't know what you want," snapped the general.	Getting the time unit out of the helicopter had been quite a chore, but they finally had managed and now Adams sat with it cradled in his lap.	They had to get back to the present soon or Project Mastodon would be killed entirely.	"Sure.	Royalty payments      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax      returns.	Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email business@pglaf.org.	Soon the Moon would rise, which was good.	"Johnny was right there behind you with the gun."	Section  2.	A lot of movie film."	The old explorers always claimed their discoveries for their nations or their king, never for themselves."	"They wouldn't do that.	Someone will find them and they may guess what it's all about, but I'm hoping they either won't believe it or can't manage to trace us."	This is the real McCoy."	For fifteen years now, as head of Project Mastodon, he had lived with it night and day and he could see all the possibilities as clearly as if they had been actual fact.	A crackpot."	"Don't ask me.	"He'll be back.	asked the secretary of state, speaking quietly.	The economics expert was slightly flushed.	No, he kept forgetting there weren't any in that era.	1.E.6.	And on the home front, you'd have air-raid shelters that would be effective.	Adams had been sure, of course, but that had been because he had absolute reliance in the half-mathematical, half-philosophic concepts he had worked out--concepts that neither Hudson nor Cooper could come close to understanding.	"No, that's one thing I never tried."	Now here is a propos--" "I have a document signed by a certain Wesley Adams."	But there was no sign of him.	Let's take a look at these three men of ours.	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.net/license).	That and a few other spots are the only areas in North America which have not, time and time again, been covered by water.	Getting the time unit out of the helicopter had been quite a chore, but they finally had managed and now Adams sat with it cradled in his lap.	"Well, we tried," Adams said.	"I wish you gentlemen could see my view of it, how it all fits together.	There may be, as a matter of fact, more ways than one.	"And if we wanted to go north, we'd find mammoths that would carry even more...." "And get socked into the jug for ivory smuggling?"	Our one hope was, and must remain, that they will return."	He could see it all: The materialization of the fleets; the swift, devastating blow, then the instantaneous retreat into the fastnesses of the past.	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	The moaning complaint of a giant hunting cat came from somewhere up the river.	Then the scene dissolved in a blur of motion.	First there were the films and we have the word of a dozen competent paleontologists that it's impossible to fake anything as perfect as those films.	They probably were a good deal higher then and have weathered down.	IX The chief of Central Intelligence was white-lipped when he finished talking.	Adams got to his feet, the time unit tucked underneath his arm.	"That's the way it was."	"But we dropped Project Mastodon entirely almost three years ago.	It's an official state of mind that we're too busy to see anyone and I plead guilty on that score.	Adams shifted the unit around, clasped it to his chest.	"Wesley Adams was one of our brightest young scientific men.	Nobody lives forever."	asked Cooper.	"A fall of fourteen feet wouldn't kill a man unless he's plain unlucky."	If we'd known--let's be fair about this--if we had known and believed him about going back in time, we'd have snapped him up at once and all this would not have happened."	And this was the first time I was set for a night of sleep since my tooth quit aching."	yelled Hudson.	Boyhood dreams, Hudson thought, were wondrous.	"There's a fellow hanging around out here at the Pentagon, trying to get in to see me.	Adams brought his rifle up.	He'd duck the question or give them some diplomatic double-talk.	A man could keep a better watch when the Moon was up.	A hundred and fifty thousand years, Adams had said, give or take ten thousand.	"And if one of us gets sick or breaks a leg or--" "We'll do the best we can.	To their way of thinking, they've got to hit us now or never, because once we actually get time travel, they know their number's up."	The President looked up at the JCS chairman.	The time we'll have to watch is when he is forced to admit he can't fix the machine.	"Hudson came here, bringing us the greatest discovery in all history, and we kicked him out.	Adams shifted the unit around, clasped it to his chest.	"It wouldn't work," said the CIA chief tiredly.	"It's Buster," Adams told him angrily.	"We'll build a platform twelve feet high.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	The plains Indians lived on them alone.	Hudson offered.	"Crackpot sort of fellow."	"But it's incredible!"