Detis worked frantically with Mado at the useless controls, vainly endeavoring to stabilize the pitching vessel.	The wave form propagated is of a characteristic that is in tune with those portions of the brain which control the savage impulses.	Mado was entirely at ease, and the Europans would not be bothered by the slight change in their weight.	"There you are, lad," he told the grinning youngster.	These were a highly developed people of scientific attainment; civilized beings.	*       *       *       *       * It was true; the pteranodon, a horrid bat-like thing with a wing-spread of fully twenty feet, carried three of the bronzed savages clinging to a sort of harness that encircled its body just back of the crested head.	A great tree toppled and crashed across the nose of the _Nomad_, its roots ripped from the soil by the concussion.	"Mado," he repeated, placing a huge fist against his own chest and bending his body in awkward imitation of the lad's courtly gesture.	And the generator coils could be rewound.	The altimeter needle moved with sickening speed and already registered but little more than five hundred feet.	And, next time, there would be no escape.	"He's a marvel at communicating his thoughts without words.	Holding desperately to the precious little body within his arms, Carr was thrown off his feet.	Dazed by the suddenness of the calamity, Carr turned to look at the altimeter.	But I'd think his people would beat it for the hills without waiting.	But the others held him off; this strange white giant from the machine of the skies was to be saved for the embrace of the fire-god.	she warned him, placing a finger-tip to his lips.	"But, they're still working on the problem," Ora objected.	Something in his brain seemed to snap then, and he became a snarling, fighting animal, battling against overwhelming odds in defence of his mate.	Battered and dazed, he saw they had found their fellow, the one he had bound and gagged.	They were surrounded by the uncivilized ones of Titan!	Ora drew herself erect and took a deep breath as soon as her feet touched the ground, her eyes bright and her cheeks flushed with excitement.	There were too many of them; the thing was impossible.	And then the savage let loose an end of his thong and released its missile, which crashed full against the transparent disk of an ovoid and tore its way through.	They were taking no more chances with this one.	As their monotonous chant rose high, Nazu was rushed to the edge of the pit.	He could not bear the sight of the stuff, sitting there in the damp cavern with Ora's blue eyes regarding him in the dim light.	Not much!	It was incredible that Ora was here and in the hands of these unspeakable monsters.	It was a revolting ending for an adventure that had started so auspiciously.	Detis was dead; the _Nomad_ was hopelessly beyond repair for many days, even if they could make their escape and locate it; Nazu had saved his own skin, and they were left to the mercy of these vibration-crazed brutes who waited there in the flickering red twilight all around him.	The wiry red man struggled furiously, but Carr had a grip on his windpipe that stopped his attempts to cry out and quickly reduced him to a state of flabby subjection.	The graceful little fellow watched him with understanding and with a smile of amused tolerance.	*       *       *       *       * Securely tied, hand and foot, Carr was propped sitting with his back to a huge boulder.	And there was a different light in his eyes, the light of intelligence and culture.	"We may be able to get thought contact with them."	"I thought we were expecting to explore this satellite."	Nazu's voice rose in anguish, and Mado's wrathful bellow was followed by a frightful commotion as he tore into his assailants.	Thongs of rawhide twisted deeply into the flesh of his wrists and he was hauled forth into the daylight.	"Be quiet now and perhaps they'll leave us alone for a while."	Mado chuckled.	*       *       *       *       * Carr and Ora moved over to watch the swift sketching of the Titanese lad.	And then he noticed a fourth occupant of the cavern, a young lad of Titan.	Ora was brought out into the open, her arms held fast by two of the red devils who yanked her roughly along between them.	There was something wrong with the timing of the rite; their mysterious fire-god had granted the captives a reprieve.	Though actually they were approaching the satellite with tremendous velocity, it receded swiftly in the rulden's disk until the entire body showed as a perfect sphere of uniform brilliancy.	"Quick--inside!"	But the horde of savages came on in ever increasing numbers and with renewed vigor.	She staggered from the stateroom and into his arms, a slim, boyish figure in her snug leather jacket and breeches.	Carr went down fighting madly but to no avail.	By means of pantomime and his carefully drawn pictures, he told them of his people, making it clear that they were forced to live in insulated dwellings and travel only in the ovoids, which likewise were insulated against the devastating vibrations that emanated from Saturn's rings.	Ora had raised herself and now sat there, swaying weakly and regarding him with anxious gaze.	Carr raised astonished eyes to the pillar of blue flame and was seized with a well-nigh uncontrollable impulse to flee with the red men.	But the prisoners were not deceived by the solicitous treatment accorded them by their captors when they were returned to the cave and their bonds were severed.	We saw the dart strike him and I--I saw it sticking from his chest.	Carr moved forward swiftly to face the opening, while Mado stood with his great bulk hiding the now unrecognizable Nazu.	But he shook his head sadly as he counted the barbarians on his fingers, multiplying the number endlessly by clapping his hands.	"Nazu go now," the amazing young Titanese stated.	"Nazu," he said simply, placing a forefinger on his breast and bowing before the astonished Mado.	The long day of Titan dragged interminably but the watchful eyes of his guards never strayed from their prisoner.	Carr wheeled and his ray pistol spat crackling flame.	And that must not be done.	Then, like a punctured balloon, his body collapsed into the nothingness of complete disintegration.	The drums were stilled.	Mingling with the barbarians unsuspected, he might get possession of the ovoid.	We'll be in Titan's atmosphere in about forty minutes now, and, if I have my say, we'll be out of it and away again inside of an hour."	Off to the west, Saturn and her rings almost filled the sky, and their baleful light shone cold and menacing against the black velvet of the heavens.	"Best thing you've said today," Mado approved.	Nazu would be first to go; then Ora, most likely.	he whispered.	Carr gloated as he saw she was making each shot tell.	"I tell you it's too risky!"	A dozen paces away, Ora and Mado sat similarly bound.	Instantly there rose the hollow booming of the drums and the chanting of thousands of the barbarous worshippers.	Somehow, when the vessel landed, he managed to reach the manhole with his precious burden.	Recovered miraculously from his first serious injury, he had done this magnificent thing deliberately and gladly.... A great lump rose in Carr's throat as Ora's sobbing came to his ears.	Mado grunted.	he called, sensing at once the possibilities of her discovery.	Like one of the savages in his small stature and in the large size of his head, he was much lighter in color and his body was encased in a snug one-piece garment of shimmering material of silky texture.	There was a perfect hail of the missiles now: one struck his left arm a numbing blow, and he heard a sickening thud and Ora's moan as she was hit.	Quickly."	Carr babbled like a madman as he pulled her away from the horrible thing that pulsated with eager flutterings not three feet away, its hot breath singeing her silken lashes and brows.	The huge flying reptile whistled raucously as it flew and one of the savages was whirling a sling which held a stone as large as his own head.