"But were you here all the time?"	Russ rose slowly, went to the wall cabinet and lifted out a box, the mechanical shadow with its tiny space field surrounding the fleck of steel that would lead them to the _Interplanetarian_.	Music from somewhere in the sky.	"Chambers!"	Quailing inside his force shell, Scorio saw his men go, one by one.	*       *       *       *       * Russ shivered.	Russ did not reply.	Russ glanced at the result imprinted on the paper roll.	Mallory heard, but he did not stir.	Greg's hand twisted the control slightly and the set went through the door, into the office of Spencer Chambers.	That collector field of ours gathers energy just like a burning glass.	The power hum died.	That definitely ended all spying on Craven and Chambers.	"Nothing new in that," said Greg, unruffled.	"Look here, Manning," broke in Chambers, "where's all this questioning leading?	I have no accurate way of measuring distances and angles simultaneously and accurately.	"Something new again," commented Greg.	Let's talk this thing over without anger.	Stutsman strode away, down a dark street.	What have you two fellows been up to now?"	And behind it, caught tight, gripped and held, Craven's ship trailed at the end of a tractor field that bound it to the space-rocketing _Invincible_.	"You don't mean we can televise in _three_ dimensions, do you?"	"Probably trying to store some more power," suggested Russ.	"That's why I did it," protested Stutsman.	"What you going to do when he does get out here?"	"Gregory Manning," said Mallory wonderingly.	"There's something devilish funny going on there.	Tired of the little salary I got.	I examined them all and I know I'm right."	If what I think is true, Manning is watching us now and has heard every word we said."	Let me explain.	Russ reached out and slammed home the lever, twirled dials.	"Perhaps there's time yet," he said, half to himself.	The scientist glowered at his employer.	Breathlessly he watched.	"Don't send me there!	"I observed you have carried out the plans we laid.	_CHAPTER SEVEN_ Ben Wrail was taking things easy.	"Maybe a split second less."	"Perhaps," he said acidly.	Both you and Craven work alone.	If they could drag Craven and his ship away from the Solar System, maroon him deep in space, far removed from any source of radiation, they would win, for they could go back and finish the work of smashing Interplanetary.	This tooth of mine is getting worse."	"When that thing's on full, it's almost instantaneous.	Pluto was far away, but even if it had been, it really wouldn't count, for it was small and had little attraction.	Then you'd mark it down to loss, and scrap material energy.	He turned from the window, chuckling.	But I don't think they're watching us now.	I'm just seeing things."	With a wild cry Wilson clawed at his bag, snapped it open, pawed through it.	"Now do you believe me?"	He and the other Jovian pioneers had hoped it wouldn't happen and, of course, it had.	"We can't hurt him, he can't hurt us."	There was nothing to see, nothing to do.	Maybe they'll never find their way back."	"Very little.	"Market still going down?"	You do as I say and maybe you won't get hurt."	"Not only trail him," said Russ.	Perhaps no one ever will again.	Plenty of both?"	"It was easy.	"You can't," argued Wilson wildly.	I've lost about a billion dollars in the last two weeks."	Greg signed to Russ.	"I wouldn't sell it to you," Greg told him.	So far your taking over the ship hasn't made any difference to us ... so why should we fight you?"	"How?"	They'll give us a few wallops if only for the appearance of things."	We know just what to do."	It was so close that they could see the lettering across its bow.	"It's working out right," he said.	"This one we have is all right, but we need the best there is.	Gathered the light from the suns and analyzed it.	"I've told you all I know.	Felt it as Craven poured power into his drive, fighting to get free of the invisible hawser that had trapped him, fighting against being dragged into outer space at the tail-end of a mighty craft heading spaceward with frightening speed.	He staggered from the chair.	"Manning might even pass us on the way back to look for us," Chambers went on.	asked Chambers.	And if we televised through four dimensions, what would we get?"	he asked.	The televisor dived through the dome, sped through the city, straight for a penthouse apartment.	They searched the room from end to end, then the other rooms.