The technician shifted uneasily.	And that he should have such knowledge seemed unbelievable, for he was scarcely two years old.	He clutched the bear closer and huddled in the darkness, watching the moonbeam that came through a window, high above his head, and etched a square of floor in brightness.	But he tried again and he clutched it by the stem in one stubby fist and he saw that it was not just a blob of yellowness, but delicate, with many little veins.	"Then he can proceed to grow up again."	1.E.6.	The one thing that he will need the most and the one thing that he cannot think about, even in advance.	Young stood for a long moment, looking at the two of them.	Modern toys entertain them with a bag of tricks that leave the young'uns no room for imagination.	It was a shining thing, a bright thing, a happiness that was brand-new and fresh as a bluebird's wing of an April morning or a shy woods flower after sudden rain.	"Time to eat, Andy," said the woman.	It did too good a job.	He lifted his face and stared up at the blackness and saw the white globe of the Moon, looking at him, watching him.	The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.	"Later on," Stanford managed to say, "much later on, toward the very end, there is a certain factor that we must supply.	"A deplorable custom.	No other family--" "I know," interrupted Andrew Young.	But scaled to adult size."	But once they are all nicely docketed and filed, they pop up in an instant."	A fairy way--or a brownie way, or maybe even pixie.	He sat in the chair on the flagstone patio and felt the Sun upon him, filtering through the branches of trees misty with the breaking leaves of Spring.	To a child, creeping on the floor, a door is twenty-five to thirty feet high, relatively.	Insane, or going insane.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	Do anything else that you--" "A house," Young went on, "about four or five times as big as the ordinary house.	Big baby, he said to himself.	That's something we'll have to work out carefully."	It's enough to get him over the final hump, to place him safely and securely in the second childhood that he had to have.	"Ready.	"If we can," Stanford said.	"And if he gets stuck halfway between?	"Ug," said Andrew Young, and he swallowed the button.	Section 1.	Something is as it should not be.	But in this, it didn't work.	"Yes, of course.	A man went in a human being and came out a vegetable."	His body will not change.	I don't see how he'll overcome that."	Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.	They know, or they have guessed.	But we are proud of you, sir.	"Your family...." "They get in my hair," said Young disgustedly.	"It should," said Stanford.	He sat stiff and straight in the towering high chair and then, in a fury, swept the oversized muffin tin and its freight of buttons crashing to the floor.	But Andrew Young does.	There was an answer, he was sure of that.	"Depends on the viewpoint," said Young.	It was one of the problems which was recognized when immortality first became practical.	"Neighbors or privacy?"	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	1.E.5.	See paragraph 1.C below.	How can a man go back almost six thousand years and snare a thing he never understood?	Riggs chuckled softly.	"Buttons?"	Some day, I, too.	The neighbors, he told himself, no doubt thought him crazy, although none of them had said so.	Except happiness.	Childish and forgetful.	Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.	We can't afford to upset things now that he's come this far."	"Ancestor Young," said Stanford, "you have seen Man spread out from Earth to distant stellar systems.	"We have tried," said Stanford.	But there was little hope.	"We see there's a supply of stuff, cookies and such-wise, left on a low shelf, where he can get at them.	1.D.	For a second he felt like weeping in utter frustration and then a sense of shame crept in on him.	Disillusion and cynicism have crept in upon me and I have no conscience."	"I want to build a house," he explained.	"The Galaxy is cluttered up with descendants of mine."	1.C.	If we had suspended animation.	That will is gone now.	What else could it be?"	With his eyes open in the present, he could remember the brightness of the day of the past, the clean-washed goodness of it, the wonder of the colors that were more brilliant than he ever since had seen--as if it were the first second after Creation and the world was still shiningly new.	But will it work, Riggs?	Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.	It didn't explain the bottomless capacity for seeing and knowing and believing in the beauty and the goodness of a clean new world.	"It got rid of memories.	It hasn't worked that way."	Riggs said, "We'll draw the plans for you.	He gets to a point where nothing has a value ... even to a point where his own personal values are no more than shadows.