"As if it could ever be otherwise!"	"Evil red eyes!"	No.	Are you truly here?"	You must, Nick!"	Now, of course, it was different; she had so definitely tagged herself with the same Nicholas Devine that even the most ardent of the group had taken the warning.	"Bargain?	She frowned at it distastefully, and shook her head.	queried Pat as the car slid to a halt on the turf.	What is it?"	Then, with a return of her usual insouciance, she added.	As she was still silent, he repeated, "Are you?"	"Then evenings, you blithely don       A daintiness of white,     To flash a very paragon       Of lightsomeness--and light!	Dr. Carl, what's a synopsis?"	Where are you going, child?"	"I'm all right again."	"And do I?"	She led him back into the chamber they had quitted, where a curious odor of peach pits seemed to scent the air.	We've got to believe--There he comes!"	Not--if I can help it."	she cried, her voice quavering in pity.	She yielded herself completely to his caress; the park, the crowd passing a few yards away, the people on near-by benches, were all forgotten, and once more she felt herself alone with Nicholas Devine in a vast empty cosmos.	He returned her gaze with features as immobile as carven stone; only his red eyes gave evidence of the obscene, uncanny life behind the mask.	"Think what you please," said the other.	"I wouldn't be a doctor, or have a child of mine become one, if I were positively certain he'd turn into Lord Lister himself!	"Special delivery.	The girl gazed searchingly into his worn, weary face.	"It doesn't matter.	"Y--Yes," said the girl, fighting to control her voice.	The evening too, as a rule; there was invariably bridge for Mrs. Lane, and Pat was always the center of a circle of the younger members.	"You see!"	The very presence of the cold demon tore at the roots of her self-control, and she suppressed a fierce desire to break into hysterical laughter.	You see, I love you too."	She forced her eyes to focus on his face, while his features danced vaguely as if smoke flowed between the two of them.	"That's it!"	he said.	she murmured.	How'd you find me?"	"Sir?"	she flared.	She transferred her glance to the building opposite which they had stopped.	Say you hate me!"	She was still in somewhat of a panic, and suppressed with difficulty a desire to peep fearfully under the bed.	"The experiment is hardly begun."	And now the other has grown to the proportions of a delusion, haunting him, driving him to commit acts apart from his normal inclinations.	"And then what?"	He strode over to the case, sending slivers of glass from the shattered front glistening along the floor.	"I don't know," muttered Nick dully.	Could I blame you for--that _other_?"	"Forget the wise-cracks," she advised her image.	Through some hellish alchemy, the leaden pain was transmuting itself into the garish gold of a horrible, abnormal pleasure.	What's to keep him from it?"	She gathered it about her like a toga; it hung at most points barely below her waist, but it satisfied the urge of her muddled mind for a covering of some sort.	"Pat, do you think I could assault your daintiness, or maltreat the beauty I worship?	"Yes--in evil.	"He's fool enough to forgive you.	That's all it'll do.	"I didn't know anything about it.	She felt her eyes fill.	"Save what?"	"Do fixed ideas do things like that to people?"	It's clean--burned clean by the sun and scoured clean by the airless zero of space.	"Two dollars," he said, pocketed the money and silently retired.	"And could you?"	"Where do devils live?"	"And in many different ways?"	"You do and I'll know it!	Pat followed him across the room to a door, into a hall, thence into a smaller room furnished merely with a table and four chairs.	It was logical, of course; there wasn't anything else to do now, but still-- "That _wasn't_ Nick!"	She gathered the red-checked cloth more closely about her shoulders as her companion, still clutching her wrist, jerked her violently to her feet.	Pat, beside him, fell mechanically to repinning the throat of her frock, which had opened during the moments of the embrace.	Her fears were realized; she was looking into the red-gleaming eyes and expressionless features of his other self--the demon of Saturday evening!	Horker paid no attention to her remarks.	"Of course, any that I can."	I told you it was his car."	cut in Pat eagerly.	His fists clenched; a low unintelligible mutter broke from his lips.	He knocked her violently away with a stinging slap across her cheek, and seized the strip in his own hands.	What happened then?"	"He's clean and fine," murmured the girl.	I can't see how."	"Pat Lane," she said in admonition, "you're a crack-brained fool!	"What it is?"