This was--well, it was just a mistake.	"I can't tell you anything," said Lancaster.	Beyond the edge of their territory, great bulkheads blocked off three-fourths of the space station.	And the work filled their lives.	He climbed out and switched on an overhead light.	"Yes.	The face blurred, seemed to grow to monstrous size and then move out to infinite distances.	The most natural thing in the world.	It was quite a party.	They had grown fond of the quiet, bashful man--and as for him, he wondered how he'd get along among normal people.	he protested.	"We might as well stretch ourselves," said the driver.	Harris considered for a moment.	I'm sorry, Lancaster."	Hours later, Lancaster was hazily aware of lying stretched on the floor.	"But no one else has informed me--" "No one of your acquaintance knows of this.	Can't help finding their pamphlets.	But damn it, you had to preserve the status quo, for your own survival if nothing else.	There were no films or other organized recreation, though Lancaster was told that the forbidden sector included a good-sized room for athletics.	"Too brittle--and look how the properties vary with temperature.	Berg chuckled amiably.	These, Berg explained, were the technicians who would be helping Lancaster.	He grew aware that he was thoroughly bandaged, splinted, and braced, and that there was no more pain.	The important thing now was to get to know this process.	And, as I say, foreign powers.	These were his sort.	Then we simply drove till we reached the stratorocket we'd arranged to have ready, and you were flown to our spaceboat, and now you're on the way back to the station.	And then there are bought men, and spies smuggled in, and--oh, I needn't elaborate.	"The standard revolutionary argument," said Berg patiently, "is that the rebels aren't trying to overthrow the nation at all, but simply to restore constitutional and libertarian government.	If some interesting sideline crops up, they can't investigate it.	But when he was finished, he realized that he had no business showing his results without proper clearance.	"When Allen was due to go back to Earth, you wanted us to tell him who we were and keep him.	"I--you--" Lancaster sank weakly back to his pillow.	Lancaster's voice was dead.	It came out more feebly than he had thought.	"Anyway, we can't decide policy.	As Lancaster raised his eyes, he met an almost febrile glitter in Berg's gaze.	In the end, Lancaster thought wearily, he'd tell.	Berg sighed.	Berg hadn't lied; this was big!	Only research has lately suggested that a new era in warfare is developing--a new weapon as decisive as the Macedonian phalanx, gunpowder, and aircraft were in their day."	Those were silly, harmless kids--why get them in trouble, maybe get them sent to camp?	A hand was laid on his shoulder and a voice spoke out of the black.	Most of these were workmen of some kind or other, called in to help the lab crew as needed, but all of them were tight-lipped.	"Okay, okay, I won't argue politics.	He felt awed and helpless.	"What's wrong with setting up a world-wide federation of countries?	It's routine for my rank and over, you know.	Lancaster felt his heart leap into his throat, and knew in a sudden terror that the dials were registering his reaction.	It's a vital link in something much bigger than you can imagine, and few men below the President even know of it.	It's enough to say that we've been thoroughly infiltrated, and that most of their agents have absolutely impeccable dossiers.	And I've already discussed what that means."	He took to reading seditious pamphlets with some care, and listened to a number of underground broadcasts, and tried clumsily to sound out those of his acquaintances whom he suspected of rebellious thoughts.	There were bunks, a table and chairs, a small refrigerator and cookstove.	A meteor swarm struck her on the way to Venus.	Karen laughed.	The Dufreres were physical chemists _par excellence_, Isaacson a brilliant crystallographer with an unusual brain for mathematics, Hwang an expert on quantum theory and inter-atomic forces, Karen an imaginative experimenter.	Lancaster's eyes skimmed down the sheaf of papers she handed him.	It's obvious, isn't it?	But he didn't dare.	"Mmm--yeah.	"Very good, sir.	Later, when the Empire had broken up and warfare relied largely on the individual barbarian who brought his own weapons with him, government loosened.	Maybe later."	Speech ended."	What do you advise?"	"Ummm--well--" It was too sudden.	They have to be, or they wouldn't stand any kind of chance.	Berg sat down on the edge of the bunk.	Very handy.	I hope nobody here is a fanatic, because fanaticism is exactly what we're fighting against.	*       *       *       *       * In going through Sophoulis' equations, Lancaster found what he believed was the flaw that was blocking progress.	"That's obvious too.	Manners were utterly informal, and it wasn't long before even Lancaster was being addressed by his first name; but cooperation was smooth and there seemed to be none of the intrigue and backbiting of a typical Project crew.	The end of a Project meant no more than filing a last report and waiting for the next assignment, but they ran things differently out here.	"How're you feeling?"	You're in a stratorocket now.	The American colonists back in 1776 relied on citizen levies and weapons were so cheap and simple that almost anyone could obtain them.	The one-armed man was utterly blank and expressionless.	Just let me forget about it."	"So far, we've only named it _ffuts_," she said.	Alec, get Dr. Lancaster a glass of water, will you, please?	We'll be at the station soon.