"The time for action is near--very near!	The light glowed gold on the hair that tumbled to her shoulders.	Captain Halgan Conru calling North America Center.	That was easy: we eliminated that by showing them what _real_ cutthroat competition could be like.	Some fifty per cent was vaguely dissatisfied, wanted "freedom" without troubling to define the term, didn't like the taxes or the labor draft or the enforced disarmament or the legal and social superiority of Valgolians or some such thing, had perhaps suffered in the reconquest.	Very fine and idealistic, and no doubt fairly true as well.	We went out one day in Barbara's little catboat.	He would drop into my room for a smoke and a cup of coffee and a drawled conversation whenever he had the chance.	"You look pretty grim these days."	I lay there thinking of many things, most of them unpleasant.	But the first night he led me into his cellar, and through a well-hidden trapdoor to a room below, and there he had a complete psychological laboratory.	The Coordinator smiled.	Yes, treating all Earthlings alike is the solution.	Overhead the stars were glittering, bright and hard and cruel, flashing and flashing out of the crystal dark.	Wouldn't be quite so bad if they were octopi or insects, but they're just enough different from us to be a caricature.	We may have to bombard."	To loose the thousand Earthly races and creeds and nationalisms on each other--and on the Galaxy--to wallow in barbarism and slaughter and misery as before we came?	"Why," I looked up at her, astonished, "even the psychologists--" "They're limited, Con.	We settled it behind a shed, with the workmen looking on, and I beat him unconscious as fast as possible.	"The base here has chaplains.	But from their point of view, they're slowly civilizing a race of atomic-powered savages, and taking no more than their just reward for it.	Its people could live here almost indefinitely, working and waiting for their day of rising.	We put restrictions on these colonials; they can't hold top jobs, and so on.	At least there were no half-breeds afterward.	Like really to help the Legion of Freedom when they strike?"	He was a nice kid.	*       *       *       *       * She didn't know a great deal about the rebel movement--no one agent on Earth did--but her knowledge was still considerable.	The Empire just doesn't have enough men for a secret police, even if we wanted to indulge in that sort of historically ineffective control.	Maybe that's why I'm afraid.	I bided my time, not too obviously anxious to contact the Legion.	There was tension in the ship--if the Imperial navy should happen to spot us, we were done.	Eb's horny palm clasped mine.	VIII Barbara came in.	Gods, I believed I was in the right, but why is right so pitiless?	Mike Riley said you'd be looking for me."	I told him that.	And the operator wouldn't know who had attacked him.	There aren't any Eridanians or Terries hereabouts, but we desperate characters--" he grinned, briefly--"can't be too careful.	"But they've kept on conquering here and there, to this very day."	"The best we could do at this point was to help elect someone from a minority sub-group of the dominant white race.	I told them everything I knew.	Somehow, they seem to think the Luronians may be guilty, but they aren't sure.	Good old Luron, our arch-enemy, would see the light itself some day.	Her voice was low and hurried, shaking just a little.	We sent a coded call signal and got a directional beam from the ship.	"I know.	Stars glittered here and there in the dusky heavens, hard and bright and cruel, almost, as in space.	Childish, melodramatic name!	"But isn't there a lot of danger in the policy of fomenting rebellion against us?"	Why, y'know, if 't hadn' been f' their laws I'd be skipper o' my own ship now.	I did my best here too, whipping my grim young charges into a sapper group comparable to the Empire's, for I had to be above all suspicion, even of incompetence.	Barbara was, of course, venomous about it.	So men can talk between the stars, but are their words the wiser for that?	That was a good choice; no spaceship would ever happen into this system by accident or exploration.	It's not their fault if the consent is forthcoming oftener than you idealists think."	Riley gave me a small card on which was written a name and address.	Forget it."	But they seemed to have forgotten it now.	I stood up.	I was too tired.	"Poor Con," she said.	Otherwise get out."	The anarchs hoped to blast Valgolia to ruin in a few swift blows, and expected that the Empire's jealous neighbors would sweep in to complete the wreckage.	Moodily, I began to see that I would be one of the price-payers.	But this group constituted no real threat.	They were basically as decent and reasonable as any similar group of Valgolians.	Riley puffed a cigaret for a while.	The leader's name is Levinsohn.	We need good men, and badly."	We checked up on you, Con, and we think you're as good a prospect as we ever came across.	"Their first fifty years or so saw plenty of aggression.	I knew with a dark chill that it would work.	Technologies are entirely too similar.	"That's for the future, though.	I raised my eyebrows.	I began to have a sneaking hope that the spaceship would be delayed.	Yes, she could cook too.	"When do I start?"	"Certainly they've made us economically dependent," I said, "and their standard of living is undoubtedly higher than ours.	You're an American, Nat.	All hands to battle stations!	"Con, do you really mean all you've said about the Empire?"	Barbara shuddered close to me as we came out of the airlock, and I put an arm about her waist, knowing the sudden feeling of loneliness which rose in her.