No breet'!'	"What?"	We made out a giant seated figure, one of the beaked Martians like Tweel, but with every limb suggesting heaviness, weariness.	"I didn't want to give details on the radio," said Jarvis soberly.	We plugged along up a low rocky hill that bounded it, and as we neared the top, Tweel said, 'No breet', Tick!	Anarchy!"	"Even so, that doesn't prove they're more advanced than we are.	"But the thing was gone, and then I noticed the weirdest of imaginable details.	I don't think the greatest philologist on earth will ever translate one line of those records; they were made by minds too different from ours.	"It'll be a good many centuries before you'll have to worry about it on earth," grinned Jarvis.	but that made us the more curious.	Where it had squatted on the floor was--a book!	Then Leroy had to catch a sample of the walking grass, and we were ready to leave when a parade of the barrel-creatures rushed by with their push-carts.	queried Putz, breaking his long silence.	"For the canal, naturally.	But we eased a few feet into the darkness and the passage debouched into a colossal hall.	"You think the Martians paid a visit to the earth, and the Egyptians remembered it in their mythology.	I put over the idea by pointing back at the buildings and then at him and us.	"So are men," observed the captain, "if it comes to that."	We flew over the valley--" Jarvis paused suddenly and shuddered; Leroy, whose color had begun to return, seemed to pale.	so we followed him, staring nervously about for the thing that had watched us.	The thing had completed just two rows of bricks since Tweel and I left it, and there it was, breathing in silicon and breathing out bricks as if it had eternity to do it in--which it has.	The little biologist was pale as the nearer moon that glowed outside; one arm was bandaged in thermo-skin and his clothes hung in veritable rags.	Then why is the race dying?"	"Sounds nutty to me," observed Harrison.	"How old?"	"It would show up on a dizzy, half-dead pill like Mars!"	Leroy and I stared out over it, just a gray waste like this around us, with the gleam of the south polar cap far beyond its southern rim.	"You're right about the length of it.	"Never mind that.	"The place was a mystery.	Jarvis flushed.	"Yes, but Leroy didn't, and I spent our first couple of hours trying to explain it to him.	"But--it's unnatural!	If the three-eyed creature were still there, it must have slunk away with the others.	That's why dugongs and manatees started the mermaid myths--sailors thought they saw human features on the beasts.	Well, we were a little shaky about going in there, but Tweel twittered and trilled and kept saying, 'Yes, yes, yes!'	Out came a spurt of horrible black corruption, drenching Tweel and me--and I guess the sickening smell of it helped to destroy the illusion of that valley of beauty.	Twice he was joined by others, and each time I tried yelling 'Tweel' at them but they just stared at us.	just as they had before.	We'd never even have suspected that atomic energy existed!"	It's something else, though the water's doubtless a factor."	"Tweel saw it, too, and let out a screech of anger, and the creature rose on two pencil-thin legs and scuttled off with a half-terrified, half defiant squeak.	The queerest was that the machinery was tended, not by Tweel's people, but by some of the barrel-shaped creatures like the ones in Xanthus!"	"Tweel could read them, naturally.	"Will you talk sense?"	"Three months!"	"Get it?"	Leroy and I thought we'd gone screwy!"	"Shpotted?"	We came to that same building Leroy and I had entered earlier--the one with the three eyes in it.	As the light flashed into the alcove, I saw first just an empty space, and then, squatting on the floor, I saw--it!	He found the place I'd chipped, tried to see if there was any sign of healing, and decided he could tell better in two or three thousand years.	There you are--autocracy, democracy, communism--the three types of terrestrial societies.	Anyway, we managed to get Leroy away from the devil that had him, and the three of us staggered to the ridge and over.	"If the creature were some rat-like pest that destroyed books, Tweel's rage was understandable, but why should he try to prevent an intelligent being, even though of an alien race, from _reading_--if it _was_ reading?	"You're welcome, then!--not only your noble desires, remember!	"We felt better out in the sunlight; we looked at each other sheepishly, but neither of us suggested another look at the buildings inside--though we _did_ see the place later, and that was queer, too--but you'll hear about it when I come to it.	"The architecture was strange, too.	Leroy's a citizen of the Sixth Commune in France.	The Xanthus city must have been a boosting station; that explains the mysterious machines I saw.	It was kneeling as if in worship of the Martian, and on the ground was what looked like a pottery bowl full of some food as an offering.	Anarchy!	Only a few little sand mounds marked the division, and then the walls of those gigantic structures.	No oil left, no coal left--if Mars ever had a Carboniferous Age--and no water-power--just the driblets of energy they can get from the sun.	Leroy figured it out, but whether rightly or wrongly, I don't know.	And nothing would do for Pierre here but that we put down so he could practice his biology on the remains.	Well, I was wrong!	"A man!"	"Right, Cap?"	"Why couldn't they bring in some extra branches from outside?"	Jarvis turned to Leroy.	"Vot vas shpotted?"	"Maybe," conceded Jarvis.	A little creature about as big as a large rat, it was, gray and huddled and evidently startled by our appearance.	I was getting used to this narrow horizon, so I didn't feel so much like being cooped under a big bowl, but one does keep overestimating distances.	Here I'm not so sure, but on earth, every time there's a lightning flash, it electrolyzes some water vapor into hydrogen and oxygen, and then the hydrogen escapes into space, because terrestrial gravitation won't hold it permanently.	"Vere goes dot?"	grinned Jarvis.	"Yes.	"The artist had exaggerated the nose almost to the length of Tweel's beak, but the figure had black shoulder-length hair, and instead of the Martian four, there were _five_ fingers on its outstretched hand!	"They don't know about atomic energy.	One of them spun his head around a full ninety degrees, and screeched 'T-r-r-rweee-r-rl!'