The liberals have gotten the upper hand.	He didn't laugh again.	He gestured at the two in the street.	He woke from a restless sleep and saw a small thing skittering toward him.	There had only been time to dart in, snatch a bow and a few arrows and an axe.	He fought the war of all which was old and primitive and lost in its own dreams against the alien and the desecrator.	Rain forests of Venus and the coughing roar of a many-legged swamp monster crashing through the trees to the place where he stood waiting.	Shaking, he peered into the trap.	Kreega collapsed on a shelf of rock.	His nostrils dilated with excitement, a high keen drunkenness that sang wonderfully within him.	The rockhound was like a gaunt wolf, but huge-breasted and feathered, a tracker as good as any Terrestrial bloodhound.	But the human had to come near first-- There he came, running and bounding over the rocks, rifle in hand and restless eyes shining with taut green light, closing in for the death.	And the wild Martians made fine sport--intelligent game, that could get away as often as not, or even manage to kill the hunter."	He rasped a curse on the human and resumed his patient work, chipping a spearhead for what puny help it could give him.	For a moment, the warrior Kreega was gone and a lonely, frightened infant sobbed in the desert silence.	When Ares lifted its hard spires above the hills of Syrtis, where then were the ancient gods of Mars?	The man was a tiny speck in the huge barren landscape, a lonely insect crawling under the deep-blue sky.	Naturally, one of their first reforms was to end Martian slavery."	They're just stupid laborers, as dependent on our civilization as we are.	They weren't able to--to empathize the Martians, or whatever you call it.	The Martian was nowhere in sight, but a faint red trail led into the rugged hill country.	He checked his other equipment.	They wore only pouched belts and carried sheath knives; even the liberals of Earth weren't ready to allow the natives modern tools and weapons.	They were getting close.	He batted at the creature with his spear and dodged around a tree.	But once he had landed, he was safe--he could always claim to be peacefully exploring, hunting leapers or some such thing.	With a savage thrill, Kreega saw the arrow go through the hound, saw the creature leap in the air and then roll over and over, howling and biting at the thing in its breast.	But Riordan was close enough to him now so that the hound could follow his spoor, for Mars had no watercourses to break a trail.	But it isn't enough!	Somewhere the soft trill of a sandrunner echoed between low wind-worn cliffs, and the brush began to speak, whispering back and forth in its ancient wordless tongue.	A real old-time warrior who hates Earthmen's guts.	For an instant a gray form loomed over the edge, hurled a spear at him.	A city dweller from Earth would give you a better fight."	They were native beasts, long ago domesticated by the Martians and later by man.	The trail looked clear and fresh now.	Riordan roared and lashed out with a fist.	Mars was dark at night, its moons of little help--Phobos a hurtling speck, Deimos merely a bright star.	The spear glanced off the tough fabric of his suit and he scrambled up a narrow ledge to the top of the precipice.	Not that that was likely--he'd have to find shelter somewhere too, if he didn't want to freeze.	The brush rustled and something wailed in darkness and the wind blew with a wild mournful sound over faintly starlit cliffs, and it was as if they all somehow had voice, as if the whole world muttered and threatened him in the night.	No more.	The man had gotten explosives from his boat and blown up the tower.	The enormous oneness of life on Mars, drawn together against the cruel environment, stirred in his blood.	His legs wrapped around the man's waist and his hands got to work on the airhose.	What a chase!	"Now those old women on Earth want to give 'em the vote."	The round, hook-beaked heads, with huge amber eyes and tufted feather ears, showed the origin of the name "owlie."	The brush rustled dryly in alarm, tiny hidden animals squeaked their terror, the desert shouted to him of the monster that strode toward his cave.	All this day they had been dogging him; he had never been more than half an hour ahead.	It didn't matter, the owlie wouldn't escape.	Presently he looked up, across a red and yellow immensity to the low sun.	No rest, no rest, a devil's hunt through a tormented wilderness of stone and sand, and now he could only wait for the battle with an iron burden of exhaustion laid on him.	With a howl of dismay, the hound slid down the sloping wall of the pit it had covered.	They were the conquerors, and it never occurred to them that an ancient peace and stillness could be worth preserving.	But somehow the incident brought home to him the immensity and the age and the loneliness of the desert.	He had hoped the rockhound would go shooting past, but the animal braked itself barely in time.	He grinned as he made camp.	Kreega swung softly around.	He wrapped one arm around a bush that clawed at his helmet and pulled the hound back.	Through the darkness Kreega heard the man laughing.	Primitive throb of drums in a hot wet night, chant of beaters dancing around a fire--scramble along the hell-plains of Mercury with a swollen sun licking against his puny insulating suit--the grandeur and desolation of Neptune's liquid-gas swamps and the huge blind thing that screamed and blundered after him-- But this was the loneliest and strangest and perhaps most dangerous hunt of all, and on that account the best.	He itched intolerably, and his lungs were raw from gasping at his dole of air.	The hawk swooped again and he lay unmoving, rigid as if dead, until it cried in shrill triumph and settled on his shoulder to pluck out his eyes.	That was time enough, when the Martian was boxed in so small an area.	Leaping, twisting, bounding from crag to crag, sliding down shaly ravines and slipping through clumps of trees, Kreega fled.	"You're not falling into this owlie-loving that's corrupted all Earth?"	So it didn't matter.	He had an airsuit designed for Martian conditions, with a small pump operated by a power-beam from the boat to compress the atmosphere sufficiently for him to breathe it.	He had lost axe and bow.	But times are changing.	*       *       *       *       * Riordan was tired with the long chase and the niggling insufficiency of his oxygen supply.	He wanted to get the hunt over with.	The Martian burst onto the edge of the cliff.	The man got to one knee, sighting carefully on the gray form that streaked up the nearest slope.	Dimly, he wondered if man would ever subdue Mars, if the human race had not finally run across something bigger than itself.	Lonely or not, the man had a gun that could spang death clear to the horizon, and he had his beasts, and there would be a radio in the rocketboat for calling his fellows.	Somewhat later, he heard a dull boom echoing between the hills.	Kreega went down the cliff face, clawing into every tiny crevice, shuddering as the age-worn rock crumbled under his fingers.	"Come on!"	asked Wisby.	He spread a map on the desk.	No danger that the owlie would break in if he should double back; it would take tordenite to crack that hull.	The chests were broad and deep, but the waists were ridiculously narrow.