A few faces could be seen, peeping from windows and from between trees.	Their goods had been distributed through the various warehouses and later disposed of through the safe channels which Barra had carefully cultivated.	It would be well to make a really searching inspection.	It had been too long since the roof thatches had been replaced.	*       *       *       *       * Leuwan, Kio Barra, Lord of the Mountain Lake, Master of the Estates Kira Barra, and Protector of the Common Good, stood examining the assortment of crystals in a cabinet.	He had glanced back into the door of his hut.	"I just picked this one out," he explained.	At last, the herd was again in motion.	And you said you've seen nothing.	Barra looked at the headman.	Carefully, Barra prevented any trace of the blank, swirling null from intruding on the scene.	At least, he knew something about his business.	I know you're worried to death for fear I'm going to pull something on you.	"There's the herd," he went on, "at the other end of this open water.	"Bring your drivers close," he ordered.	And he'd absolutely refused to wear a probe amplifier.	The great northern null was in turbulence again, thrusting its shapeless arms down toward the borders of Kira Barra.	The villagers never came into this heavy screen of trees, but beyond the forest, there might be some who would watch and wonder.	Lately he had been satisfying himself with spot inspections, not really going over the Estates from border to border.	And the hatred that was always in him was unimpaired--even amplified by the pounding terror.	At first, he had been forced to fight an almost uncontrollable compulsion to float down normally, but now it seemed quite sensible to grab the heavy fiber strands and swing forward till his feet were solidly on the ground.	"Well," he said, "I've got this little herd over here.	"Not even a cargo sling."	And equally obviously, without his amplifier jewels, he'd be little stronger psionically than one of Dar Girdek's drivers.	One must conserve one's powers for times when they might be really needed.	And the discipline there will be tighter from now on."	He directed his attention to the chair, which obediently swung about until he faced his large view crystal.	The two green communicator crystals gleamed with cold fire.	"Oh, as far as the other drivers'll know, I'm just another pseudoman.	Then the bow settled and the boat lay dead in the water, less than an inch from the pier's fender logs.	As the man hit the floor, Naran retained his grip and brought his other hand over, twisting the man's arm.	Kio Barra still remembered the first time he had quarreled violently with Boemar.	At last, he returned to the boat.	Of course, so long as they could plainly see the futility of any treacherous move, they were good company and easy people to deal with, but it would be most unwise to give one of them any opening.	He had expected to be lead driver on this trip and he'd made no effort to hide his fury and disappointment at being displaced in favor of a newcomer.	"Mere animals.	And he could--and did--thus get obedience and performance from those slaves by using normal, sensible means as befitted one of the race of true men.	Perhaps the subhuman creature before him knew something of its properties, but there was no point in making these things too obvious.	This clearing was as close to the village of Celdalo as he wanted to come.	"I am Kio Barra, Master of the Estates Kira Barra."	One by one, the huge brutes swung about and galloped clumsily toward more usual pastures, their long necks swaying loosely with their motion.	He had noted that much of it had regained a measure of fertility.	He directed the scan back to the eastern section, tracing the route he had given the caravan master.	He knew all the problems--and their answers.	For an infinitesimal time, Makun's face reflected horrified comprehension before it melted into shapelessness.	"That other herd.	The only people he could see were women and children.	Its rider was facing the hidden crystals.	He had viewed the area personally.	Otherwise, there's going to be a lot of trouble."	The pile of stones he had noticed before caught his attention.	"Soon's we've eaten," he said, "I'd like to check up on the long-necks.	He could put this man in his place right now.	He stared around the village, the fury slowly ebbing within him.	"Those vermin?"	Abruptly, he turned away, to direct his attention to the central surrogate.	There had been responsible posts where a man of his quality and standing could have been of positive value.	I've been here before."	The other smiled.	"I have something for them to see."	Now!"	Before some of the huts surrounding the rude plaza, women squatted on the ground, their arms swinging monotonously up and down as they struck their wooden pestles into bowls of grain which they were grinding to make the coarse meal which was their mainstay of diet.	He walked slowly along the path, checking the forest floor as he went.	There were hilltops on the Estates from which ordinary eyesight would penetrate far into the dead area, even though the more powerful and accurate parasight was stopped at its borders.	"They can kill a slave if he gets careless.	He pointed toward the area where the projection had been.	It was precisely like hovering a short distance above the floor, yet there was no strain of concentration on some control unit.	He swung about in his cushions and looked back at the line of draft beasts.	If you had to suspect someone of dirty work, pick on some of those northerners.	The Master Protector felt a twinge of disgust.	He shook his head, looking around the room.	Finally, he turned his attention to the headman again.	It could paralyze a braver soul--and often did.	Here was the village well, near which a few children played some incomprehensible game.	"It's a good way to locate the herds and make a few rough notes," he admitted.	An old man had collected a pile of rock and had started work on the well curb.	*       *       *       *       * He started to shift scan again, then sat up.	The caravan master shook his head.	He sighed.	Then the long-neck curved, snaking around until the huge beast stared directly at the heap of rocks which housed the crystals of the surrogate himself.	Barra looked them over, identifying each as he looked at him.	All he had to do was deny knowledge of the fate of Dar Makun's caravan if there were any inquiry.	"Of course, I'll have to get close to the brutes in order to really choose, though."