They had taught him machinery.	It's a sort of preserve we really enjoy at home."	He pushed himself out of the chair as the constraining force was removed.	You read that and went directly to the Federation Building.	"But this thing isn't like that.	But there was something behind those stories of the Special Corps, he was sure.	Had me out hauling stuff for the landscape crew.	"Some guy sets himself up a shack up valley, see?	His statements would furnish plenty of evidence for a full search of Janzel's Personnel files.	Stan touched a window control.	Now get it."	"Come on, friend, I'll buy you a mug of tea."	Let's get this run finished right."	"Take a trip over there and kick it up."	"I'm going to be real careful with my work from now on," he said.	What you--Oh, I get you."	And I ain't so dumb I don't know when I'm licked."	The third time the man blocked his view, Stan touched his shoulder.	Stanley Graham.	"You know how it is," he went on.	"Tell you what we're gonna do," he said rhythmically.	Marlo came closer to Holme.	"Come on, you.	He glanced at Dachmann.	Don't try to make me believe you just wanted some exotic food."	Know something, kid?	"You say there was just one bad run?	Someone drew a sharp breath.	"Aagh, can happen to anybody," he said.	And precedent developed into iron-hard tradition.	He held out a few sheets of paper.	We've been sweating you out."	"Stand aside, Guardsman," he ordered.	Pete Karzer was coming back from the washstand.	[Illustration] "All right, go find him then.	He rubbed his chin.	"If you want, I can get the local statute and let you look that over, too."	Stan caught the glint of polished steel.	He feels a couple quick ones, then he don't know nothing till next day.	"You've been sweating me out?	Unnoticed and unregretted, the easy freedom of the frontier was discarded and lost.	"People with the qualifications for Senior Agent are hard to get.	We'd have to define its location and content within fairly narrow limits.	These old guys figure they need some guy can push the mugs.	Stan went around Mauson's desk.	Smart kids like you can make out pretty good, you just use your heads.	"A good staffman doesn't act the way you do.	Wizow shrugged impassively.	Well, anyway, here's the layout.	Needles rose from their pins, flickered, then steadied.	Don't go like that, see."	Stan walked across the cell and sat down on his bunk.	he said in his whispery voice.	The trouble was, he thought, in the formal way of doing things.	Low pay.	"I don't get it," said someone.	"Yeah, yeah, that's right, Carl.	Claimed I'd tried to run out.	The chief wants to see you."	"Come on, baby, just stay there.	"So anyway, like you see, Vernay's got plenty of muscle, but he's kind of low in the brain department.	Now he could get these people to take Mauson before a determinator.	All legit, too.	Stan moved his foot aside and the man's heel banged down on the stone floor.	He scrambled to get to his feet, his left hand groping at his belt.	Sorta keep production up.	"The first day I was on this planet, they went through my bags while I was out looking over the town.	Stan tried to lift a hand in a casual gesture, but it seemed stuck to the chair.	It was idling.	I get too hungry.	A heavy finger trailed across one eye, bringing a sudden spurt of tears.	Leave the smart talk to the technical people."	What did you say your name was?"	"Yeah, I know."	"Sure."	Was the man actually as clumsy and inept as he'd seemed?	"Huh?	"Wizow, will you step in here, please?"	"No, of course not.	Well, it's going to stop."	Then we'd have to go before a local determinator and request authority for an examination of that document."	"I'll get it going right away," he whined.	You can maybe do things like that any time?"