On some stations, an Officer of the Guard was permitted to take a nap between guard checks.	Why is it my father has to talk to the Korental--alone?"	Don nodded.	Don shook his head.	"Boy, I'd like to have seen his face about then!"	References in the Book of the Waernu are so arranged that I may be quickly removed, to be placed in an already prepared place in the Book of the Onaru, if the time should come.	As you said, there is no truly clear line.	"I don't know.	While Don was talking, an impassive aide brought an outfit for him.	"Now, I'd like to get some truth out of you.	Jasu's face was suddenly drawn.	Suddenly, a spurt of smoke came from the muzzle of the rifle.	Makes sense, too--if you know Kelton.	He turned and the lieutenant examined him curiously.	So we can expect to see a full conclave of the tribes within a few months, to choose among the claimants and select one to be either head of the clan Onar, or the founder of a new royal line."	"Hope the jerk's got plenty of that stuff," he muttered.	Beat you, too."	"So, I've been watching these clay pigeon shoots of theirs for a long time.	The man bowed and left.	"I am the only son of a border rancher, Mr. Masterson.	Go ahead.	"Thanks, Dowro.	But he was the prime minister, and therefore the logical person to take the reins."	Reports showed that much.	"Next thing, I was being accused of accepting a money bribe from Pete.	He reached up to his lapel, twisting at the bronze button.	The mats were similar in design to those in his pack.	Pete nodded.	"Michaels," he said.	He could see painted legends, giving cautions and instructions to whomever should pilot the ship.	"Got a fella, name's Masterson, down there right now.	Pete nodded.	"The police have been keeping close watch on everyone in the city who might have even a remote connection with the hill clans.	"Hope that gunk they used to monkey up my complexion doesn't sweat out," he told himself.	He paused thoughtfully.	He went forward a few more paces, then selected a comfortable looking bit of moss.	"Anyway, I doubt he'd have survived that affair if you hadn't rammed your neck into it."	There was no evidence in Jack's comments.	He leafed through the volume, noting the careful engrossing.	Bordelle shrugged.	There were footsteps on the path.	Unauthorized orders had been given to them.	He nodded.	Stern's people will be flocking around here in a few minutes to see what went on.	Hang it, they seemed to swing along under their loads as though they were just taking a short walk before breakfast.	And that by some no-good, naked native kid.	He looked around.	The aide looked aside.	At long last, Rayson turned his head with obvious effort, to stare at Masterson, who recovered a few milliseconds more slowly.	Slowly, he came back to being.	He looked up at Don.	How about it?"	You see, Mr. Masterson's alerted people at the Commissioner's office.	"Oh, no!"	I've heard about some funny things these Khlorisanu can pull off if they can get a guy's attention for a while.	You'd have to be consulting with his people for some time before the conclave, you know.	"The claims to the throne were--and still are--pretty muddled.	Here you are.	Rayson was around then.	Wish I had that ability of yours."	There are Moreku here, in this school.	"This is Rano two four.	Korentona shrugged.	That is inexcusable."	And they're really keeping an eye on the Waern home.	"We've lost a lot of time."	He got to his feet.	And even if he hadn't been able to get away from the guy, he'd have taken him down with him.	"Come on.	Every one of them knew someone who had been robbed.	But he's one of those people.	A tone resonated from the chamber, growing louder as Don continued to stroke the tube.	"I wish you'd make yourself clear on that.	He insisted on talking to you, Petoen.	Yeah, sure.	But nobody makes ammunition for the things any more.	"Yeah, I know."	When they got there, the Waern kid came flying at them again.	But where's Gorham?	He slid a panel aside and looked expressionlessly at Don for a moment.	People got killed.	"Me?	he demanded.