"Thank you very much," he said chattily to the driver.	Wander endlessly across the face of this wretched slum."	Only I saw your picture while I was eating my sandwich, so I went to the hotel and--" "Uncle Lester, listen.	Then he picked up the phone and, when he spoke, there was authentic rage and distress in his voice.	He was holding a copy of the paper with Mooney's picture, behind the pillar of black fog.	Now that the animal necessities of clothes and food and a place to live were taken care of, Mooney had a chance to operate.	Don't lie; he described you.	I mean, after all, you're making it hard for me to carry out my job."	It was a part--only a part--of the jointed construction that Harse had used to rid himself of undesirables by bathing them in blue light.	Mooney dragged Harse away from there fast.	Clearly he couldn't get the survival kit from Harse.	And of Uncle Lester, there was no trace at all.	There was, in a corner of the case, a squarish, sharp-edged thing that Mooney stared at blindly for a long moment before he recognized it.	"One thousand dollars you have.	There's some very important material in that briefcase, believe me!"	Wait a minute!"	"You didn't do anything wrong at all."	"Hey!	"Red Bank is just where we want to go.	No twentieth-century cop was a match for Harse, that was clear; Harse had bested him, taken his uniform away from him for camouflage--and here he was.	But where were they?	He waited.	But it was true; there was such a law, for the parks of the city lately had become fields of honor where rival gangs contended with bottle shards and zip guns, where a passerby was odds-on to be mugged.	What really interested them was heads.	There was a sudden shivering tingle in his thumb, in the gadget he was holding, running all up and down his arm.	But it was too late for wishing.	Just a few dollars was all they wanted, in this Jersey shore area where the towns were small and the gossip big.	Even one of the photographers thought maybe this funny-looking guy with the funny-looking opera glasses was curious enough to be worth a shot.	He carefully hung a "Do Not Disturb" card from the doorknob, crossed his fingers and took the elevator downstairs.	"Uh.	It was, Mooney half perceived, the silvery, jointed thing he had used in the truck; and he used it again.	But the bus cost thirty-five cents apiece.	Nobody knows you've come here, right?	"No.	The thing to do, Mooney schemed, was to find out just what Harse had in that kit and how to work it; and then--who could know, perhaps Harse would himself find the diffident blue light reaching out for him before the intersection of Brooklyn and December twenty-sixth?	First, it was important to find out just what was in the kit.	Yes.	Mooney urged.	Mooney bawled into the icy air.	"Harse, get rid of all this stuff."	It was a fairyland scene and it lasted only a second.	"Harse!"	Mooney had let Harse get out of his sight a moment too long.	"You might be followed.	You hear me?	"I've been waiting all day, Howard.	What he saw, he didn't believe; what he believed filled him with panic.	It was quite an attractive hotel, Mooney thought judiciously.	said Mooney frantically.	"A little relaxation, eh, Harse?	After about ten minutes, a man stood beside him, blue-chinned and muscular enough to be the bartender's brother--which, Mooney found, he was.	Trust me," said Mooney, in the voice that had put frozen-food lockers into so many suburban homes.	"Right this way, Harse, right this way," said Mooney placatingly.	Five minutes later, when Mooney tapped on the door of the room--three taps, pause, three taps--and cautiously pushed it open, the pale blue mist was just disappearing.	All he wanted was to exist for four days--nothing else.	"High Command must know this," Harse grumbled.	Corpus delicti, body of evidence--why, there would _be_ no evidence!	The driver blinked.	Quick as an adder, he scooped up something from the table beside his bed and gestured with it at the door.	Sure, it had worked; he'd told the manager that he'd caught the chambermaid trying to steal something valuable that belonged to that celebrated proprietor of valuable secrets, Mr. Harse; the chambermaid had fled; how dared they employ a person like that?	"_No?_" roared the driver.	Say, we really do appreciate this.	Mooney paused, glancing around.	Thought Mooney with anger and desperation: I'm dead.	He was covering them as Dixie is covered by the dew, up and down, back and forth, heels to head.	It was the shrill, violent noise of Harse's laughter.	Whatever the pale blue light was, Mooney wanted no part of it directed at him.	Okay, if not girls, then try boys ... well, not boys exactly.	"Now you just keep your mouth shut.	"Two days ago.	Harse glanced angrily at the kids on sleds and even more angrily at Mooney.	Is there any particular part of Brooklyn you have to go to?"	Where is this Vale of Cashmere?"	There were a couple of stories, but small and far in the back--amnesia, said one; an underworld kidnaping, suggested another; but the story had nothing to feed on and it would die.	He flexed the muscles of his arms and legs, but nothing happened.	It's the _molecule_ bomb.	At night, however hard Mooney tried, Harse was always awake past him; and in his sleep, always and always, the little metal guardians strapped Mooney tight.	said Harse again, grinning, snapping the balls together like poppets in a string.	Nobody would believe it--not even a jury.	"Huff," said Harse, but he went along.	But why don't you come with me?"	Harse, looking bored, sat down in the chair near Mooney, opened his kit, took out the thing that looked like a film viewer and put it to his eyes.	He woke up with a splitting head.