The two of them glared angrily and fearfully at the other convicts in the yard.	For the news touched them where their fears lay.	The crazy yowling of the hard-timers, Sauer and Flock, was getting under her skin.	But he was no longer there to hear.	Perhaps, after all, it was not too late....	He said: "You're the boss.	Even if one of the guards would do a thing like that--and I'd bust him myself if he did!--he wouldn't know where to start.	O'Leary rolled his eyes to heaven.	I didn't know I was staring."	You know what that means?	The con shrank away from him.	He only had ten minutes to get all the way around Block O and the inmates complained like crazy if he didn't make sure they all got the most possible free time.	The white-collar categories were finding their dubious joys in less direct ways--liking setting fire to a bed.	That girl, that Bradley, was leaning over him.	O'Leary cringed.	The howling started all over again.	Now O'Leary knows I hate it when there's a woman in here.	He would never design another.	The warden was quite overcome.	The guard lumbered around Flock to the draw-strings at the back of the jacket.	She's a lifer, she's got no place to go, she gets along with the other women.	He drank it down eagerly, ignoring the scalding heat.	It wasn't pleasant.	But--still and all, he was the warden.	*       *       *       *       * Wilmer Lafon switched off the television set and silently pounded his fist into the wall.	But the Armed Services--their job was to defend the country against forces outside--in a world that had only inside forces.	Maybe he could now help to get Lafon where he wanted--_needed!_--to be.	Lafon grinned.	she demanded.	She shivered and turned to the stocky convict next to her.	Unless the other screw makes trouble, you won't get hurt, so tell him not to, you hear?"	*       *       *       *       * O'Leary choked back his temper.	The Negro?"	"I'm scared!"	"You just remember what I've told you tonight, O'Leary, and we'll get along fine.	yelled the inside guard.	Let me take a squad into Block O before it's too late."	For the plain fact of the matter was that the Jug's rehabilitation courses were like rehabilitation in every prison since crime and punishment began.	The con only shook his head, perspiring still more.	How good of you to come--" The governor shook him off and held the door open for the men who had come with him.	The medic nodded slightly.	O'Leary turned away.	O'Leary could hear his maddened bray.	And imagine, some people didn't believe that wipes had a smell of their own!	He beckoned to the guard at the door.	He had stopped even answering O'Leary by now.	She _looked_ all right.	Sue-Ann walked bravely forward through the opened gate--and fell flat on her face.	Enough said?	The inmates were piling out into the yard.	She closed the door on the guard, still unconscious, and stood grimly before it.	It was like pushing against rubber; the faster you tried to move, the greater the resistance.	"Well, then," he said at last.	_No mixing._ That was the prescription that kept the city-state alive.	Even among the Professional class, they were special; not superior, exactly, but _apart_.	Tell the gentlemen--how long you been taking these correspondence courses in architecture?	"Oh, Doctor!	He tried to swallow, but the throat muscles were paralyzed.	There was no place anywhere that would be spared.	Hey, you!	He was a furious man.	It was _good_ that Sauer and Flock still had enough spirit to struggle against the vicious system-- But did they have to scream so?	The mechanics were pleasurably sabotaging the electronic and plumbing installations.	For punishment for a crime is not satisfied by a jail sentence.	Once Garcia had been a Professional, too; he was the closest thing to a friend Wilmer Lafon had.	How?	O'Leary barked: "Warden, this little greaser has bollixed up the whole tangler circuit for the prison.	"Let's get out of here!"	A bull's roar from the corridor and a shocking crash of glass--that was Flock, and apparently he had smashed the TV interphone.	And that was all.	The rockets took off on fountains of fire; and the jets took off with a whistling roar; and last of all, the helicopters took off ... and they were the ones who might actually accomplish something.	But she could hardly understand any of them.	If only she could.	He walked stiffly away from the limp, silent warden and stared out the window.	Lafon leading the breakout from Block A.	O'Leary says you were messing around with the bucks from the laundry detail," Sodaro said halfheartedly.	But Lafon looked away to hide the eagerness in his eyes.	My boy Flock, he hurt himself real bad and he needs a doctor."	He knew Sodaro and he had some plans for him.	he roared.	Ever since he came to the Jug."	Riots meant breaking things up; already the inmates had started to break up the machines in the laundry shed and the athletic equipment in the yard lockers.	They weren't the type for clubs.