YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.	1.F.6.	Back of other people's foreheads there weren't any real thoughts or minds, or love or fear, to explain things.	I've seen some of their fun, as they call it, sometimes hidden away, sometimes in the open streets.	It's a clarinet.	The people that watched them were machines for stamping and screaming and swearing.	They might be set to make love, and you might decide you wanted to fight.	Like a mouse in a dynamo or an ant in an atomics plant.	And you'd happen to say something about Ingersoll.	Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.	Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.	If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.	but the farthest star was nearer to you than the mind behind that mouth you kissed.	It just ran.	Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.	I'd like to feed in the question, "What's Life?"	General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works 1.A.	They were like the electric brains they've got now, but hadn't then, that give out the right answer when you feed in the question.	Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)	Jerk one puppet up into the flies and the others go on acting as if exactly nothing at all had happened.	And why'd it have to be so complicated?	It wouldn't matter what you did, they'd just go on making the motions they were set to make.	START: FULL LICENSE THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.	It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.	*       *       *       *       * Except for a few others--not more than one in a hundred thousand, I guess--who wake up and figure things out.	It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.	Hear that siren way off?	Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.	You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.	* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies   you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he   does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm   License.	They purr and wail and whine and keep trying to get out of their section.	They were machines.	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.	LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.	1.E.8.	The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.	_There's_ the real sound of the universe (the Professor concluded, shutting the window).	Royalty   payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project   Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in   Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg   Literary Archive Foundation."	Or it might happen the other way--seems to, more often!	1.F.5.	They're doing it now.	*       *       *       *       * And then, when I was reading one of the science books, it came to me.	INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.	A woman was just a loving machine, all nicely adjusted to give you a good time (sometimes!)	1.F.1.	See paragraph 1.E below.	The big stuff, like streetcar bells jangling, is easy to catch, but you have to really listen to get the subtleties--the buzz of a defective neon sign, the click of a stoplight changing.	Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.	That's your heavenly choir.	No decent live man would have anything to do with nickel sadism or dime paranoia like that.	That was why there was no honest-to-God response in people.	The fee is owed   to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has   agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project   Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	Mostly they turn mean.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	to one of those machines and see what came out.	Maybe it's a couple of coppers in 'Frisco, a schoolteacher in K.C., some artists in New York, some rich kids in Florida, some undertakers in London--who've found that all the people walking around are just dead folk and to be treated no decenter, who see how bad things are and get their fun out of making it a little worse.	You must require such a user to return or destroy all   copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue   all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm   works.	Tonight they've got an old steam locomotive helping.	Section 2.	Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.	I read somewhere that if a billion monkeys had typewriters and kept pecking away at them they'd eventually turn out all the Encyclopedia Brittanica in trillions and trillions of years.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	1.E.9.	1.E.4.	And they mostly go crazy and run themselves to death, or else turn mean.	Or somebody might be talking about Edison.	But if you didn't, if you started doing something else, then the others didn't respond.	Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.	Just a mean _little_ bit worse.	You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that * You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from   the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method   you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	1.E.	If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.	Have you noticed how you can always hear one nowadays?	Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.	1.C.	1.E.5.	LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.	When one walks out of the sky another walks in.	1.F.4.