Those Englishmen really knew how to build a luxury liner.	He grabbed me by the arm.	I stepped out, holding the gun on her.	The Major is the big thing here and he's got a birthday coming up next month.	Gasoline odor was out; smell of seaweed and dead fish was out; but the heavy, rank smell of fuel oil, that was what we were sniffing for.	"Gee, thanks," she said.	Vern!	"Gee, thanks," she said.	He was staring east through the muggy haze.	And you don't really have any choice.	Anyway, he was busy watching his wives and keeping his military cabinet and his bodyguard busy too, and that made him too busy to notice when I tipped the high sign to Vern and took off.	She didn't seem to be armed; there wasn't anyone with her.	There must be.	"Sure you did."	She knew we were here.	The thing about Vern is that he was the lowest-ranking one of us all--only an electricians' mate third, I mean when anybody paid any attention to things like that--and yet he was pretty much doing the thinking for the rest of us.	*       *       *       *       * Still, things worked out pretty well--especially between Amy and me.	We'd got our ship; we'd got our ship's company--because, naturally, there wasn't any use stealing a big ship for just a couple of us.	There was no need for any great skill, since there weren't going to be very many vessels to communicate with.	He said: "Ah, do you think we should?"	VI In Consolidated Edison's big power plant, the guard was friendly.	Well, as long as we were carrying Arthur along with us, we pretty much needed Vern, because he was the one who knew how to keep the lash-up going.	First we have to check it over.	*       *       *       *       * And why not, when you come to think of it?	"We'll be right here, Major," Vern said reassuringly, escorting him to the door.	I was only thinking about one thing--how to stay alive long enough to get out of that car.	I mean you know how much power it takes to run those elevators all the way up to the top?	The wheelbarrow he was willing to let go for five hundred.	There were four or five people in the lobby and a couple of dozen more out in the street.	He looked smart enough for a little bargaining, but not too smart; and if I didn't like his price, I could always remember that I was supposed to go out the other door.	"What's this about what the _Major_ won't settle for less than?"	1.E.9.	Vern shrugged impatiently.	And that was all to the good, because the fewer persons who had boarded the _Queen_ in the decade since it happened, the more chance of our finding it in usable shape.	You sure she isn't ambitious to be one of them?"	1.E.4.	"You guessed it."	At the door, I stopped and called over my shoulder to Arthur: "Don't worry if I'm gone an hour or so.	We appreciated that.	I sneaked aboard, carrying Arthur, and turned him over to Vern.	Down toward the Amboys, maybe moored out in the channel.	But this was a dream.	I took her pocketbook away from her and went through it.	The gun was the big thing--he wanted five thousand for that and he wouldn't come down.	Well, the way to do it is by having one passenger sit in the other passenger's lap, which would have been all right except that Amy insisted on driving.	he asked chummily.	We finally threaded our way through the clogged streets and parked in front of the power station.	Vern chortled.	he cried.	Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.	"Eat!	Being awake, I remembered that I was hungry.	I said: "I'm back.	Engdahl had the theory that she had been dodging the Major so long that _anybody_ looked good to her, which was hardly flattering.	"Where's the question?"	Say, Major, here's the bar.	"And what if the channel isn't deep enough?"	What's the difference?"	The _Empress of Britain_ would have been a pretty good bet, for instance, except that it was lying at pretty nearly a forty-five-degree angle in its berth.	I tried to explain.	"Let's look, shall we?"	And so we left him aboard to tinker and polish, with a couple of helpers Amy detached from the police force, and we tackled the oil problem.	I lowered the gun and cleared my throat.	I squeezed out of the trap with not much more than a yard to spare and threaded my way into open water.	Got a lot of the girls there, hey?"	"Drinks!"	No, not by a long shot.	"I'll give you fifty bills for the lot, take it or leave it.	"Whats the matter?"	I ran.	There was a guard at every door and a walking patrol along the block-front between the entrances to make sure nobody broke in through the windows.	But he wasn't worried, or anyway didn't show it, since he couldn't.	I mean they'd all been in the family car, so we just had to tow it to a gravel pit and push it in.	I looked.	If he didn't have another weapon, I was perfectly willing to play; I'd been sitting and taking it long enough and I was very much attracted by the idea of fighting back.	I considered that for a while.	We counted sixteen ships in dock that looked as though they might do for our purposes.	I suppose there were a hundred thousand people or so left in the country, and not more than forty or fifty of them were like Arthur--I mean if you want to call a man in a prosthetic tank a "person."	I said: "How come Amy's so interested in making the Major happy?"	And we had.	"All right.	Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included.	It was in the power station, just as Amy had said, and Arthur didn't like it.