And it wasn't too far away.	But I did.	But then we jump him and he ain't so cool.	Yeah, they're all stiff but they're breathing.	He stood in the open door, with snow blowing in past him.	Yeah, there's much trouble.	"Give me that loot," I tell Tiny, and he hands over the stuff we took off the weirdie.	They were scared.	*       *       *       *       * However, even then I knew that this kind of trouble was something I couldn't handle alone.	It wasn't painful, but it was an odd, unexpected feeling--perhaps you've come across the "buzzers" that novelty stores sell which, concealed in the palm, give a sudden, surprising tingle when the owner shakes hands with an unsuspecting friend.	For five cents cash I would have parked the car, thrown the keys in the East River, and taken the first bus out of town.	"Are you holding?"	They were scared; they were more scared than anything I had ever seen in those kids before.	"Nay.	It was a tossup what to do--the smart thing was to call the precinct right then and there; but I couldn't help feeling that that would make the Leopards clam up hopelessly.	The Boomer Dukes is taking on the world!"	Even Tiny catches on after a while, because I see him put down that funky old pistol I gave him that he's been loving up.	Coming around the corner was a kid with a lightning-blue satin jacket and two funny-looking guns in his hand; there was a silvery aura around him, the same color as the lights in the sky; and I swear I saw those cops' guns hit him twenty times in twenty seconds, but he didn't seem to notice.	What's the name?"	Or from the future?	I observed them conferring among themselves, glancing at me, and for a time proposed terminating my venture, for I then believed that it would be better to return "home," as you say, in order to more adequately research the matter.	"Yeah, it sounds like a rumble," one of them says, after a while.	At first there didn't seem to be anyone in, but after we called a couple times a kid of about sixteen, coffee-colored and scared-looking, stuck his head up above the counter.	My feet simply would not lift off the ground.	It might mean that a rumble was brewing--and that meant that my work so far had been pretty nearly a failure.	asserted one of my five escorts in a loud, frightened tone.	However, I was not _bored_.	I like living.	"Boomers!"	Anyway, there was something new shining in the sky.	The reason I was sitting around Chris's was not that I liked Cokes particularly, but that it was one of the hanging-out places of a juvenile gang called The Leopards, with whom I had been trying to work for nearly a year; and the reason I was becoming edgy was that I didn't see any of them there.	Remain quiescent until the Adjuster comes._ That settled it.	Hell, I don't want to wake up.	It pleased him very much; I wasn't more than six blocks from where this big rumble was going on, he told me, and he made it very clear that I was to get on over there immediately.	What's that jive?"	I left it at that and hurried down the block to the tenement where the Gomez family lived, and then I found out why.	"And that must be the pool hall where the Leopards hang out."	Hawk was one of the youngest in the Leopards, a skinny, very dark kid who had been reasonably friendly to me.	He says, "Nay.	I believe it would not have disturbed me if they had been truly vertical; but many of them were minutes of arc from a true perpendicular, all of them covered with a carbonaceous material which I instantly perceived was an inadvertent deposit from the air.	When Cow talks, them other flunkies shut up fast.	Oh, it's a big one all right, Mr. Van Pelt.	*       *       *       *       * It's like I'm a million miles down Dream Street.	"They need advice on how to be gangs?"	"Come on," I yelled to Sol, and we pushed the door open to the candy store.	But I had been on it for four months and, wouldn't you know it, there wasn't a decent murder, or sewer explosion, or running gun fight between six P.M. and six A.M. any night I was on duty in those whole four months.	That's how it is in the Boomer Dukes.	"That's Chris's," he said, pointing at a little candy store.	Now that I looked a little more closely I could see that they must have come this way; the candy store's windows were broken; every other street light was smashed; and what had at first looked like a flight of steps in front of a tenement across the street wasn't anything of the kind--it was a pile of bricks and stone from the false-front cornice on the roof!	Now, you get th--" Silence.	Even that little flunky Sailor starts to go up against me but I look at him cool and he chickens.	"Certainly, money.	Silence.	Radiation, do you hear me?	We get him in the loft over the R. and I.	They gave every evidence of wishing to help me; but of course if I had not forgotten that one cannot assume from the statements "not-Leopard implies Boomer Duke" and "not-Leopard implies Foraminifera 9" that, qued, "Boomer Duke implies Foraminifera 9" ... if I had not forgotten this, I say, I should not have been "deceived."	"What's to do with this stuff?"	Hawk and his twin brother, Yogi, were there with them, looking scared.	What about _that_?"	The six months I had spent trying to work with them had not been too successful--a lot of the other neighborhood workers had made a lot more progress than I--but at least they were willing to talk to me; and they wouldn't talk to uniformed police.	We take all the loot out of his bag, and I make this cat tell me what it's to do.	I cried, and then remembered to push the talk button.	"Hell, no.	*       *       *       *       * I heard firing coming closer and closer.	He quit college to go to the Police Academy.	Then I give this guy the foot and pretty soon he wakes up.	I suppose the front office got their money's worth, because they played up every lousy auto smash the radio car covered as though it were the story of the Second Coming, and maybe it helped circulation.	I've sent one of the cats out for drinks and smokes and he's back by then, and we're all beginning to feel a little better, only still pretty mean.	I'm feeling pretty good.	I turned around, and Hawk was right.	They closed the door.	Even worse, it might mean that somehow the Leopards had discovered that I had at last passed my examinations and been appointed to the New York City Police Force as a rookie patrolman, Shield 8805.	You find Four-Eye and get us some horse."	It's a gang called the Boomer Dukes.	This won't do, I decide.	I bent down and smelled, but there was no trace of liquor or anything else on their breath.	"Excuse me, Mr. Van Pelt."	I stood up.	They all waking up!"	They were breathing, as Walt had said, but you just couldn't wake them up.	Damn, but it's cold up there.	I'm cold and I'm on my way down to Night Court, where there may or may not be a story; but at least I can get my feet warm."	As soon as I talk to him a little bit I figure we had luck riding with us when we see them Leopards.