Larry was enjoying himself; I didn't begrudge it to him.	He grumbled, "Don't you read the papers?	He said, "Well, hell, Dick--I had to tell somebody about it sooner or later.	I felt like an absolute fool saying those things; they were ridiculous notions.	He said, "Show you something?	"Fly across the ocean?	*       *       *       *       * He cleared his throat.	"See that window?"	The newspaper stories made heroes out of both of us.	The mind alone can't do anything of the sort--that was just a silly kid notion.	They said it was miraculous that Larry, who had fallen right on top of the grenade, had managed to get it away from himself and so placed that when it exploded no one was hurt.	I'll tell most of it--but not the part that matters.	I stood up, right behind Larry, right over him.	There was a _click_ and his little set turned itself on.	But you remembered."	"Nobody was really watching, I suppose."	He took off his glasses and rubbed his watery eyes.	Did you have a bulletproof vest on?"	"Oh, you're remembering some of the things I said years ago.	Why not you?"	Lucky, that's all."	He smiled.	He smiled at me ruefully, affectionately.	But," he went on, "_but_ there are--well, techniques--linking the mind to physical forces--simple physical forces that we all use every day--that can do it all.	That was what knocked me out for a whole day.	"Larry," I said gently, "I was there."	Methodically, I hit him twice more, and then I was sure he wouldn't wake up for at least an hour.	For it did go off--and the flying steel touched nobody.	I suppose I showed surprise, because he patted my shoulder.	I rolled him over and put the telephone back in its cradle.	There were only three of them, two with guns, one with a hand grenade.	"Imagine!"	He surprised me; he sounded almost happy.	No, I can't do that either, Dick.	What's the answer?"	It wasn't scientific research in my case--I flunked out of med school, while he went on.	He was dead before they came in.	I could get them, Dick!"	Why, let's see, Dick."	"Those bull sessions in the cafeterias, eh?	It was; I called him the next day and told him I had arranged for a pass.	Then he laughed.	I called on him the next night.	He made a deprecating gesture, but his wet little eyes were wary.	Easily!	The pistol men managed to wound two Senators and a guard.	In a second, Dick!	Thus I have no string of degrees, but you don't need them in order to be a Senate guard.	I used the telephone on the table beside him.	Larry Connaught, for instance.	He had hugged this to himself for years, from the day he found his first clue, through the decade of proving and experimenting, almost always being wrong, but always getting closer....	[Illustration] I looked.	I asked, "Can you see the future?"	And a Senate guard is in a position to do favors--for newspapermen, who find a lead to a story useful; for government officials, who sometimes base a whole campaign on one careless, repeated remark; and for just about anyone who would like to be in the visitors' gallery during a hot debate.	He looked at me silently for a moment.	"That's silly.	You said that nothing was impossible to the mind."	All the information.	"Well, as a matter of--" "Cut it out, Larry!	"I was watching," I told him flatly.	I know, because I was almost on top of you, and it blew you clear off the floor of the gallery.	It opened with a slither of wood and a rumble of sash weights.	"The papers said you were terrific.	I'll never tell _that_ part to _anybody_.	Larry Connaught was ahead of me.	I can't tell you all of what he said.	Of course not; but I liked it.	*       *       *       *       * Larry's expression cleared.	Talking all night about everything.	"It was on top of Mount Everest," Larry said, panting a little.	"The radio," said Larry.	It's even easier to lift the cartridge out of the chamber and put it in my pocket, so that the bullet can't even be fired.	We were friends.	Larry said, "I should have known you'd remember."	Larry Connaught was a small man, but he never looked smaller than he did in that big chair, looking at me as though I were Mr.	It exploded underneath you.	He looked around the room, then winked.	I picked up the telephone and called the Washington police.	I was right there, talking to Connaught.	The plug on the radio's electric cord picked itself up and stretched toward the baseboard socket, then dropped to the floor again.	The papers mentioned that Larry had been knocked unconscious by the blast.	I licked my lips and looked to Larry Connaught for confirmation.	"Take me back to Tarawa."