Then he tried to sleep, but he could not sleep.	JUST at the foot of the hill, where the bridge crossed the Blanche, stood one of the oldest houses in Viger.	That was in the early summer, before the Blanche had forgotten its spring song.	“But there is plenty of time,” remonstrated Marie.	She was wondering how she could warn him, but when she reached the door she noticed a ladder which led to a scaffold running along below the windows of the second story, where some workmen had been making repairs.	He was on his way home; he would arrive in about six months.	Louis was in great spirits.	A supercilious young man minced forward, and Josephine gave her message.	He held it in his emaciated fingers.	He died last night in the arms of a female relative, who had been sent for at his request.	His favorite study was the “Life of Napoleon Buonaparte,” which seemed to absorb him completely.	He struck her again, and, as she bounded past the window it was raised, and something white appeared.	“Our readers will remember that the police, while attempting to arrest one Ellwell for the jewel-robbery which occurred in the city some time ago, were compelled to fire on the man in self-defence.	Without a word she preceded him with an air of shyness, and led the way into the front room.	Some one has been dancing on his hat, for it is all crushed and dusty.	That afternoon he dozed on the gallery and dreamed.	He sat back in his chair, peering through his glasses at the place where Josephine had stood.	But Josephine had stood in the door, and her mother, chancing first to catch sight of her, lost her view of the window in her surprise at the anxious beauty of her daughter’s face.	The first was a rather shabby old man who wore a tall hat and green glasses.	Do what he would he could not get it out of his head; and that evening, when he was cooking his supper, he resolved to make money after a fashion of his own.	The Widow Laroque slammed her door and went upstairs to peep through the curtain; “these pedlers spoiled trade,” she said, and hated them in consequence.	At first he kept the whole house open, and entertained some of his friends; but he soon discovered that he lost money by that, and gradually he boarded up the windows and lived in the kitchen and one room of the upper flat.	He dreamed that he was sailing down a stream which grew narrower and narrower.	“Do not go, I beg of you.” She turned sweetly toward him.	If he woke at night his eyes burned in the darkness.	The night had changed its mood.	The next evening Hans was walking in the starlight, under the willows.	“Good-night, sweet dreams,” cried Alexis to Diana, as, cold with excitement, he staggered upstairs.	Charles would pace to and fro behind her, and Philippe would thrust his feet far under the stove, that projected from the next room through the partition, and fall fast asleep.	Jacques laid his finger on his nose: “Deeper still,” he said.	St. Renard—St.	Her personal appearance was as odd as her manner; she had an abundance of hair, of a light, pleasant shade of red, her complexion was a clear white, her lips were intensely crimson, her dark eyes were small but quick, and very clear.	Then he stopped; she was better.	THE DESJARDINS.	Toward noon the damp fields commenced to exhale a moist haze that spread, gauze-like, across the woods.	“Is this Sunday?” he asked.	“I would have sworn I had it in this hand when he caught me; but I felt it fly away like a bird.” “But what made the man curse every one so when you just bought that little purse—say that?” “Well, I know not, do you?	The next night was wild.	He was less nervous the next time he came, and the oftener he came the more he wondered at the sweetness of Josephine’s face.	“I will wait,” answered Josephine, and she hung her bird in the window, put the door ajar, and waited.	“There must be some mistake,” she said.	She hoped that by that time Monsieur Farlotte would be safely started on his journey.	“I have deceived you,” she commenced, without prelude, “there is no furniture to sell.” To all his questions or remonstrances she gave him this answer, as if she were afraid to trust herself to other words, standing with her eyes cast to the floor, and an expressionless face.	I am an old fool, or I could tell you.” “Uncle Garnaud, I never even felt a bird; could I feel Jack?” “Well, I could catch him; but you mustn’t squeeze him.” Jack was caught with a sudden dart of the old man’s hand; the little blind girl felt him softly, traced the shape of his outstretched wing, and put him back into the cage with a sigh.	O Guy,” she cried, with her voice rising into a sob, “remember those days, remember what Monsieur Farlotte did for us, and what he would have to do again if you lost your place!” “That’s all nonsense, Marie.	When she bent over him she caught his last word.	He stared like a child awakened from sleep when she carried in the lamp.	“Why, my pretty, what’s the matter?” “Oh, I was just thinking that why he didn’t sing was because he only saw you and me, and the road, and our trees, when he used to have everything.” “Well,” said the old man, stopping his work, “he might have everything again, you know.” “Might he?” she asked, doubtfully.	Is it her own heart she hears, or is it Victor’s?	But whenever she would try to speak of these things Monsieur Farlotte would prevent her with a gesture, “Well, but what would you have me do,—besides, I will go some day,—now who knows, next year, perhaps.” So here was the “next year,” which she had so longed to see, and Monsieur Farlotte was giving her a daily lecture on how to treat the tulips after they had done flowering, preluding everything he had to say with, “When I am in France,” for his heart was already there.	That night he wandered out to Viger.	Maurice looked from his window into the tree on which the leaves were not yet thick enough to hide the old nests.	He opened it himself, and went down the steps; as he looked back it was slowly shutting, and he caught a glimpse of her delicate white dress as it closed.	And through his glass Charles watches the moving shadows, the shafts of smoke, and the swaying mowers, watches the distant hills fringed with beech-groves.	Arbique was fluttering like a leaf in the wind, and Latulipe and Felice half carried him upstairs.	Whenever they met, Louis was treated to a flushed account of all sorts of escapades,—thousands made in a night—tens of thousands by a pen-stroke.	When May came, his hope again blossomed.	He had other trials besides this.	“Monsieur, for the love of heaven do not come on, go back—go back into the room, I beg of you.” “I am leaving you in danger, Mademoiselle.” “I am accustomed to it.	Suddenly the grandmother, catching sight, through her half-blind eyes, of Victor and Josephine on the sofa, cries out and menaces him with her shrivelled fist, when they all rush upon her with kisses and pacify her with her pipe.	People sat on their door-steps for air, or paced the walks languidly.	Eloise was dusting her geranium leaves.	This gave rise to all sorts of rumor and gossip; but the generally accredited story was, that there was insanity in the family and that he had died crazy.	Her one claim to distinction was that she had some influence over Arbique, whom she could now and then prevent drinking.	He drank fiercely now, and even Latulipe could do nothing with him.	He was a sensitive being, this, and his master’s idea had taken hold upon him.	“Scoundrel!	With all the ravages of time upon it, and with all its old surroundings gone, it yet had an air of some distinction.	The look of that cap as he had seen it through the window; the glimpse he had of it a few minutes ago, when he swept his knife back through the air; the face of his master—dead; the thought of himself, duped and robbed, fixed him in his chair, where he hung half-lifeless.	It encountered something.	About three weeks after this, when Madame Laroque asked for _Le Monde_, Cuerrier refused to give it to her.	But one night, when Alexis was supposed to be away, he appeared suddenly in Cuerrier’s presence.	In vain did Marie argue with him, try to persuade him, and threaten him; she attempted to lock the attic door and keep him out, but he twisted the lock off, and after that the door was always open.	Louis woke nervously, and saw a figure at the window.	This thing cannot go further.	Madame Arbique knew that he would drink himself to death, as his father had done.	But he is going now, and he is very loath to go; but he will be back some day soon, and off he goes.	She saw the little milliner quite distinctly.	His necktie was a remarkable arrangement of red and blue silks mixed with brass rings.	Villeblanc, the superannuated hairdresser, eyed him critically and commenced to suspect him.	For a moment she had hope, but with the next week came winter; and he commenced his annual preparations for the invasion of Russia.	“But,” said Jacques, when they met, “this is absurd.	A little maid brought in candles.