"Suppose I were to let them run about the room," she enquired, "could I get them back into their cage again?"	exclaimed Marjorie.	"Wasn't it hard to keep awake?"	She showed much promise in bowling, and was not without hopes of being put into her house eleven.	They had no sleds, but requisitioned tea-trays and drawing-boards, often with rather amusing results, though fortunately the snow was soft to fall in.	After all, you know, it's something to be the youngest in the family.	"Good for Norty!"	PRESTON, Kathleen Hilary }    The Manor,     1913-1916.	They looked forward to them immensely.	It was just at this time that potatoes ran short.	Our rule is: 'No visitors except parents, unless by special permission'."	Now in this horrible emergency Marjorie had to act promptly or not at all.	1.F.	Everyone was intensely patriotic and ready to do all in her power to help on the war.	You've to go through this arrow point and then the thing prises up.	As she still seemed at the shy stage, Betty and Sylvia stopped catechizing her and concerned themselves with their own affairs.	Dona cheered up a little at the sight of magazines, and picked out a periodical with a soldier upon the cover.	I don't want to tag on."	I'm not sure if we oughtn't to tell somebody."	There's a cake, and three boxes of Christmas-tree candles, and a tin of condensed milk.	asked Marjorie.	When you're cooped up with so many other girls you soon find you can't have all your own way, and it must be a give-and-take system if you're to live peaceably with your fellows.	She gets up at six every morning to feed the pigs and cows, breakfast is at eight, and then she goes round to look after the cattle in the fields.	sh!	"We shall have to get a taxi and manage as best we can," sighed Marjorie.	I wish we had a telescope."	"We might get up a concert."	I wish she'd be more sensible.	They took drawings and wrote down details.	The plan answered admirably.	Winifrede showed me the newspaper.	9 at the prospect of this defacement of their pretty window.	When Winifrede was reading out that 'News of Old Girls' I felt utterly miserable, because I knew I could never do any of those things; a hospital makes me sick, and I'd be scared to death to drive a motor ambulance.	"Chrissie, don't be an idiot!"	"No, thanks; I'd rather stay where I am."	Annie Turner came back after the half-term holiday with the signatures of two Field-Marshals, a General, a Member of Parliament, three authors, an inventor, and a composer, and straightway set the fashion at St. Elgiva's for autographs.	she said to herself.	They'd accomplices in Whitecliffe, no doubt, if we could only get on the track of them."	When Mona fell asleep at last it was with her head buried under the bed-clothes.	That Chrissie was fond of him Marjorie was sure, though she never talked about him and his doings, as other girls did of their brothers.	She's adorable!	"I'm disgusted with Miss Norton!"	"The air's very pleasant this afternoon, isn't it?"	"I'm afraid you'll be dull this afternoon without Elaine," said Aunt Ellinor; "and I'm obliged to attend a committee meeting at the Food Control Bureau.	"I think you're a thoroughly naughty, schemeing girl," laughed Elaine, "and that I oughtn't to be conniving at such shameful tricks."	What shall I wear?"	She bluffed things off before the other girls, but secretly she felt rather uneasy.	My cube won't hold everything."	"Easy as anything, missie.	They used to pass here two or three times a week last summer, and sometimes they'd stop at the kiosk and the girl would buy him an orange or some sweets.	"It was hard luck to be wounded when you'd only been at the front three weeks!"	"I don't think Rumania would suit you; you're too tall and fair," said Sylvia.	That placid young person usually accepted whatever her elder sister thought fit to do.	"Lilian Roy has finished her motoring course at a training-school for the R.A.C.	"Yes, there'll be some for years and years afterwards.	"She's going towards the village."	As Dona hunted about among the docks for caterpillars or other specimens, greatly to her surprise she saw a figure come pushing through the hedge.	"Was it Whitecliffe?	She felt that she would like to gain honours and to have her name recorded in the school magazine.	triumphed Larry.	CHAPTER XX Patriotic Gardening The direct result of the potato walk to Mr. Briggs's farm was that a friendship sprang up between Winifrede and Marjorie.	Not that Chrissie gave her chum any more of her real confidence, for she was the kind of girl who never reveals her heart, but she seemed to become more and more interested in Marjorie's affairs.	They had struck her attention only a week before, and she had learnt them by heart.	They went about the school quite jauntily in the consciousness of their secret.	"I certainly cannot search my Principal's correspondence," returned Miss Norton very stiffly.	It might have been Flemish."	"She'll meet with scant mercy when she's found!"	We used to be told that the Battle of Waterloo was won on the playing-fields of our great public schools.	"There wasn't time," Marjorie apologized.	She took up photography instead, and bartered a quite nice little collection of foreign stamps with one of the Seniors in exchange for a second-hand Kodak.	"It's as good as having a birthday!"	8 are just yearning for a sensation.	"He was in the Red Cross Hospital here, and we saw him when Elaine took us to the Christmas tree."	"I have some on order, and expect them in any day," said the assistant.	"We'll have an initiation ceremony," purred Marjorie, highly delighted with the new venture.	"It's a shame I should have to go at all!	"We'll leave it at that," they agreed.	"Do?	Food gives money its value.	As she expected, she had failed in Chemistry, though she had just scraped through in Latin, Mathematics, and General Knowledge.	She opened the book languidly, found Essay XIX, "Of Empire", and groaned.	"Gladys Mellor has just had a well-earned holiday after very strenuous work at the Admiralty.	she said to Dona.