He found it easily enough.	The policeman at the wheel, Chandler thought inside himself, looked startled, but he also looked resigned.	Yes, undoubtedly the girl.	On a flagstone terrace a family group of bones lay radiating outward, like a rosette.	There was an approving, hungry murmur from the audience.	Nobody can blame _us_ for what a flame spirit _in_ us does!	Guy, you go on with this other fellow."	You haven't missed that, have you?"	"They're mostly Russians--you must know that much for yourself.	Chandler stood up.	Suppose he could make it work, and find fifty headsets, and fit them to the fifty men and women here in this clandestine meeting of the Society of Slaves.... Would there, after all, be any change worth mentioning in the state of the world?	We can _use_ this fellow's machine.	While the Western World was celebrating Christmas--the Christmas before the first outbreak of possession in the outside world--the man who invented the machine was secretly demonstrating it to another man.	"Oh, only now and then.	He was alive and free, two gifts more gracious than he had had any right to expect.	Chandler thought at once of the smoke he had seen, but no one answered his call and, though he searched, he could neither see nor hear anything alive.	He got up, rubbing the side of his face.	All in all, Los Angeles International Airport appeared to be serviceable, but only just.	They'll not have to worry about famine again for a dozen generations!	The Prophet says: 'It is life in quest of life, in bodies that fear the grave.'	Through this little portable transmitter, surgically patch-wired to the brain of the person operating it, his entire personality was transmitted in a pattern of very short waves which could invade and modulate the personality of any other human being in the world.	If only these people were not such obvious _nuts_, he thought, he would feel a lot better about casting his lot in with them.	The windows blew in with a crystalline crash.	He selected a Ford, puzzled out the likeliest road back to Honolulu and turned the key in the starter.	Chandler shrugged and looked out the window ... just in time to see the jet that had brought him to the islands once more lumbering into life.	You'd better go, Chandler.	Chandler had stopped eating, his hand frozen midway to his mouth.	Even Britain, which had already watched the fire-tails of the American missiles departing on suicide missions, managed to resurrect its own two prototype Blue Streaks from their racks, where they had moldered since the cancellation of the British missile program.	Every man a murderer, at the touch of a mind from Hawaii; and if no one else was near to murder, surely each man could find a victim in himself.	Then she smiled at Chandler and said, "Thanks, love.	He barely understood the mechanics of what he was doing, far less the theory behind it.	The men were bleeding and hurt, but they had clearly been abandoned by their possessors.	Then he cried out sharply and stumbled to his feet.	Enjoying your meal?"	No one got out.	Out of Hsi's mouth, with Hsi's voice, came the light, tonal rhythms of Rosalie Pan.	"I didn't have any more C-clamps, people of Orphalese," he apologized, "but it looks all right at that.	Rotating gas molecules, constricted to a few energy states, responded directly to the radio waves.	"Sorry," she apologized blithely after it happened for the third time, and then stopped.	Clutching the thick sheaf of diagrams, Chandler felt himself propelled outside and back into the little car.	The man paused, scratched and shook his head.	Not even Koitska seemed a terrible enough enemy to accept such a load of detestation; it was hate without an object, and it recoiled on the hater, leaving him turgid and constrained.	The cushioned seats in the aircraft and cars were already taken.	She didn't like to talk about it, that was clear, but that was the reason.	Otherwise--never mind.	I didn't design any of the equipment, though I helped put it together."	"Play it as it comes to you, Chandler, that's the best advice I can offer."	Please trust me."	Where's Koitska's tinkertoy?	"Cook?	Tell Koitska what experience you've had."	The room was neatly laid out in rows of folding chairs, more than half of them occupied.	"I haven't had much practice.	He did not seem very interested, and he certainly was not helpful.	You testing me, too?	"Certainly, if I had the equipment.	Beside him floated another.	Something moved in a doorway.	I guess you're all right or you couldn't've got past the guards, but I don't want you messing us up.	Without thought Chandler started to leap out to help them; but the possessor had anticipated that.	But it seemed that the execs were tiring too.	He glanced around the group.	Was the Secretary of the C.P., U.S.S.R. behind that terrible brief agony?	More by the force of Chandler pushing him from behind than through his own fat thighs, Koitska puffed up the little staircase into the cabin.	"I'm an electrical engineer," he said.	The man had fallen asleep.	Could it?	An armful of leis dangled beside her, and although she wore the coronet which was evidence of her status the gardener did not seem to fear her.	She giggled as they drove away from the Renault.	Kidnaped off the stage of the Winter Garden.	Still--where there was life there was hope.	"Don't you _dare_ leave this building!"	It also wasted his best chance to study the thing he was building.	Guy stroked his beard and assessed Chandler, looking him over carefully.	"Chandler, we got to watch everybody strange, you know.	"You don't have anything special to do, do you?	He looked around.	They picked up speed in great, gasoline-wasting surges.	It was evidence that whatever the "execs" were, they were very possibly human beings--or, if not precisely human, at least shared the human trait of working by some sort of organized effort toward some sort of a goal.	He drowsed and was awakened by a distant sputter of a single-engined Aerocoupe that hopped across the building behind him, turned sharply and came down with a brisk little run in the parking bay itself.	The "receiver" was the human brain.	'South Gate,' the exec said, and South Gate is where I'm going."	Chandler hesitated.