*       *       *       *       * I’d been interested in the Brightside for almost as long as I can remember (Claney said).	Detours would be dangerous and time-consuming.	“We’ve got to make a try.” “I don’t like this ledge,” I said.	I don’t want him in the lead, no matter what happens.	McIvers said: “Jack and I were planning to change around.	“How about it, Peter?” “I don’t know.	“We want to keep the lead Bug light as possible.” Mikuta nodded.	I knew enough about zinc to know that at these temperatures it gets brittle as glass.	I just stared for a full minute, I think.	Does it make any difference?” “I guess it doesn’t,” said the Major.	Warning thermocouples, of course—at 770 degrees, it wouldn’t take much time to fry us to cinders if the suits failed somewhere.” “How about the Bugs?” “They were insulated, too, but we weren’t counting on them too much for protection.” “You weren’t!” Baron exclaimed.	“Mac!” The Major called.	“Do you buy that, Jack?” Stone shrugged.	But I say we’ve got to have a little nerve and use it once in a while if we’re ever going to get across this lousy hotbox.” “We need to use a little judgment, too,” the Major snapped.	I was getting good and mad.	“That guy’s going to blow wide open if we don’t move faster, Peter.	Even as I watched it, I could feel the surface crust under the Bug trembling and saw the ledge shift over a few feet.	Peter, I need you to lower me.	The refrig units kept our skins at a nice comfortable seventy-five degrees Fahrenheit inside our suits, but our eyes watched that glaring Sun and the baked yellow rocks going past, and some nerve pathways got twisted up, somehow.	We’re in really good shape.” “_We’re not_,” he snapped.	“Why try a Crossing at aphelion?	Stone was getting edgy and so was I.	The Sun was already huge and yellow over the horizon when we started, twice the size it appears on Earth.	I can hear you.” The voice was very weak.	That makes the Brightside of Mercury at perihelion the hottest place in the Solar System, with one single exception: the surface of the Sun itself.	“Who’s going to do the advance scouting?” “It sounds like I am,” I cut in.	Got that?” McIvers nodded.	We were hardly moving at all.	The setup there wasn’t very extensive—a rocket landing, the labs and quarters for Sanderson’s crew sunk deep into the crust, and the tower that housed the Solar ’scope that Sanderson had built up there ten years before.	It seemed easy for a while and we made progress.	Mikuta had done the designing and testing himself, with a big assist from Sanderson.	We don’t need to worry about the major topography.	The craters rose up out of jagged gorges, huge towering spears of rock and rubble.	I gunned my motor, edged forward toward the fresh broken edge of the shelf.	“McIvers?	When I hauled him up, his face was drawn.	“Another hundred miles and we should hit a good stretch,” he said.	Stone and I will flank you on either side, giving you a hundred-yard lead.	They showed the biggest ranges of peaks and craters and faults, and that was all.	The only way we would find out what was happening where was to be there.	I followed the news stories like a tri-V serial and then I was heartbroken when they just disappeared.	He contacted me in New York and he was very casual at first.	What am I trying to prove by coming out here, for God’s sake?	“Venus was no icebox.” “No, I mean _real_ heat.” Then I began to get it.	We _saw_ it.	“How does it look?” I shouted.	“McIvers?” “Of course.” Claney shrugged, glanced at the small quiet tables around them.	It would be a hellish trek.	It wasn’t healthy thinking and I knew it, but I couldn’t get the thought out of my mind.	Now we might avoid some if we could find a pass through this range and cut sharp east—” It seemed that the more we considered the problem, the further we got from a solution.	I first met him on Venus; we spent five years together up there doing some of the nastiest exploring since the Matto Grasso.	But it was Mikuta’s idea to attempt a Crossing.	He’s a good man—got quite a name for climbing, back home.” The Major turned to me.	“That’ll be just fine,” he said.	“Maybe we can make up distance there for a couple of days.” The Major agreed, but McIvers couldn’t hold his impatience.	When we get to the Center, I want live men along with me.	Down a little more.” Minutes passed without a sound.	“What kind of suits did you have?” “The best insulating suits ever made,” said Claney.	Take a chance like McIvers had taken and the whole sheet could snap like a dry pine board.	The ragged surface was almost impassable—great jutting rocks peppered the plateau; ledges crumbled the moment my tires touched them; long, open canyons turned into lead-mires or sulfur pits.	Behind them, Stone dragged the sledges.	We had made only about three hundred twenty miles in six driving periods, so we were about a hundred miles or even more behind schedule.	Then he said, “Have you heard anything from McIvers?” “Who’s he?” Stone wanted to know.	“Sanderson told me there was probably constant surface activity.” The Major shrugged.	That evening, Stone and McIvers were thick as thieves, and everything was set for an early departure after we got some rest.	“Might be dangerous, too.” “What trip?” “Brightside of Mercury,” the Major said.	The Major didn’t say much about it.	They gave us mobility and storage, but we knew we’d have to do a lot of forward work on foot.” Claney smiled bitterly.	I took half a dozen shaky passages, edging slowly out on flat zinc ledges, then toppling over and across.	“Well,” said the Major heavily, “that’s that.” “I guess so.” I felt the way Stone looked.	“Mac, can you hear me?” “Yeah, yeah.	Then he made the attempt on Vulcan Crater that paved the way for Balmer a few years later.	Time after time the Bugs ground to a halt while we explored a passage on foot, tied together with light copper cable, digging, advancing, digging some more until we were sure the surface would carry the machines.	“There are lots of bizarre personalities around a place like this, and some of the best wouldn’t seem to be the most reliable at first glance.	On two occasions I felt my wheels spin, with a howl of protest from my engine.	Then give Jack a hand with the sledges.” His voice sounded tight as a wire.	Over everything was gray dust—silicates and salts, pumice and limestone and granite ash, filling crevices and declivities—offering a soft, treacherous surface for the Bug’s pillow tires.	Sanderson says we should leave in three days.” Two days later, McIvers hadn’t arrived.	We’d never fought heat like this and won.	My shout caught in my throat; I heard the Major take a huge breath and roar: “Mac!	What about him?” “Take a look.” Stone was shaking.	“Hey, boy,” I said.	*       *       *       *       * We jumped off from Twilight on a course due southeast with thirty days to make it to the Center of Brightside.