At 11·30 the Great Eastern stood down to the second buoy, for the purpose of fixing its exact locality by observation.	At 10 p.m., Greenwich time, the buoy No.	Berryman, U.S.N., in the steam-ship Arctic, who succeeded, in July, 1856, in taking soundings across the Atlantic at distances varying from 30 to 50 miles, and, by means of scoops, or quills, bringing up specimens of the bottom, which, upon microscopic examination, proved to be composed of fine shells and sand.	In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.	39° 6', our course being 76° S. and 25° W. But instant strenuous action was demanded!	Who could bear up against a life of picking-up?	It was tried with the gauge, and found to be of the same thickness as the wire used in making the protecting cover of the Cable.	Supplies of all materials necessary for such purpose to be in      constant readiness.	37° 54´.	The many advantages which would arise to America were apparent, and, among others, was the improvement of the agricultural position of the country by extending to it the facilities, already enjoyed by England and France, of commanding the foreign grain markets; as well as the avoidance of misunderstandings between America and other countries.	THE REELS OF GUTTA PERCHA COVERED CONDUCTING WIRE CONVEYED INTO TANKS AT THE WORKS AT GREENWICH.]	51° 52' 30'', Long.	of Valentia, in 75 fathoms of water.	AUDITOR--H. W. BLACKBURN, Esq., Bradford, Yorkshire, Public Accountant.	Otto Von Guericke, and his globe of sulphur; Grey, with his glass tube and silken cords; and Franklin, with his kite, were, however, the precursors of the philosophers who have done much, and whose successors may yet do much more, for the world.	Consequently the Cable was underrun for three miles, cut and tested; but no defect being found, it was again spliced.	The actual end of the Cable to be brought to the instrument      tables, and well insulated.	As the Cable was in fair working order, Mr. Canning transmitted a message to Mr. Glass at Knightstown, to send out the Hawk, in order that he might return in her, and ascertain if the shore end of the Cable were defective.	_Tuesday, July 25th._--The Hawk was observed soon after daybreak coming towards the Great Eastern.	At 10·45 a.m. Captain Anderson read prayers in the saloon.	More than this fixed amount of resistance, whatever it might be, it could not produce, no matter whether the machine was hot or dry, or covered with sand; neither could it be worked at less than this amount.	“We may as we take our stand here on the extremest rocky side of our beloved Ireland, leave, as it were, behind us the wars, the strifes, and the bloodshed of the older Europe, and pledge ourselves, weak as our agency may be, imperfect as our powers may be, inadequate in strict diplomatic form as our credentials may be; yet, in the face of the unparalleled circumstances of the place and the hour, in the immediate neighbourhood of the mighty vessels whose appearance may be beautiful upon the waters, even as are the feet upon mountains of those who preach the Gospel of peace--as a homage due to that serene science which often affords higher and holier lessons of harmony and goodwill than the wayward passions of man are always apt to learn--in the face and in the strength of such circumstances, let us pledge ourselves to eternal peace between the Old World and the New.	Again there was one of those mutations to which the flesh of submarine telegraph layers is born heir, and after a few moments of breathless solicitude, it was announced that the signals between the ship and the shore had been restored, and that every instant developed their strength.	As the Cable was hauled in, the men who coiled it aft, and guided it through the machinery, felt it carefully with their hands to detect any "fault" or injured part, and the line of large ship's lanterns hung up along the deck showed how carefully they did their work.	20.	But that Cable which went seaward was sullen, and broke not its sulky silence.	Distance to Heart's Content, 1,028 miles.	The most sceptical were convinced when they became aware of the hard material evidence on that point.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	Within the barony of Iveragh, in the county of Kerry, on an island six miles long by two broad, lies the village of Knightstown and harbour of Valentia, the most westerly port in Europe.	Within the barony of Iveragh, in the county of Kerry, on an island six miles long by two broad, lies the village of Knightstown and harbour of Valentia, the most westerly port in Europe.	It was made of bars of wood laid lengthwise across the edge of the wheel, over which it lapped down firmly, and to which it was held with massive weights fixed to the ends of levers, which regulated the degree of resistance to the revolutions of the wheel, and which, of course, enabled those in charge of the machine to fix the pressure of the brake.	The Niagara was accompanied by the U.S.N.S.	At 12·30 p.m. the Terrible was sighted on the port beam, and our fog music was hushed.	If a steam-engine be attached to the paying-out machinery, so as to permit of hauling-in the Cable immediately a fault is discovered, and a slight modification made in the construction of the external sheath of the Cable, the cause of the faults experienced will be entirely done away with; and should a fault occur, it can be picked up even before it has reached the bottom of the Atlantic.	_Saturday, August 5th._--There was no change in the weather.	26.	It is neither too deep nor too shallow; yet it is so deep that the wires, but once landed, will remain for ever beyond the reach of vessels’ anchors, icebergs, and drifts of any kind, and so shallow that the wires may be readily lodged upon the bottom.	1/2 N. of us, the wind being E.S.E., but it was only out of many calculations Captain Moriarty and Captain Anderson created a hypothetical position.	C.E.	Others recommended an immediate return to England for a similar purpose, to get a complete outfit for grappling before the season was advanced, and to return to the end of the Cable, or to a spot 100 miles east of it, where the water is not so deep.	It was a relief to see the end cut at last, and splash over, with shackle chain and wire rope, into the water.	3.	The defective portion was found at the very part of the Cable which was going over the stern when the ocean galvanometer indicated "dead earth."	The operation of picking up proceeded all day and all night--the weather being fine but cloudy.	Mr. de Sauty suggested they had got hold of the wrong wires, and professors opined that the operators had done wrong in spending time over the splice between the two tanks at the critical moment when they should have been watching the signals from the shore.	As there was a current still setting against the easterly wind, which had increased in strength, Captain Anderson at first got all fore-and-aft canvas on the ship, to which were added afterwards her fore and maintopsails; her course was set N.W.	It was watched with intense interest.	It was enough to move one to tears; and when a man came with the piece of the end lashed still to the chain, and showed the tortured strands--the torn wires--the lacerated core--it is no exaggeration to say that a feeling of pity, as if it were some sentient creature which had been thus mutilated and dragged asunder by brutal force, moved the spectators.	It was two inches long or so--rather bent in the middle, with one end sharp and bright, as if from a sharp fracture or being cut by a pair of pliers--the other end blunt and jagged.	At 9 a.m., ship's time, when somewhat more than 10¼ miles had been hauled in, to the joy of all the "fault" was discovered.	The weather continued thick and hazy, a fresh breeze from the N.N.W.	This final operation was effected as the core was drawn up through the centre of a horizontally revolving wheel or table.	The Cable came in with flagrant evidence of the mischief.	On Monday, the 29th of May, the last mile of this gigantic Cable was completed at Glass, Elliot, & Co.'s works; an event celebrated in the presence of all the eminent scientific men who had laboured so zealously in the promotion of the undertaking at Greenwich.	}|   |    16| 1857| Norway .	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	With every length of Cable drawn up from the sea, the spirits of all on board became lighter, and whilst we all talked of the uncertainty of such an accomplishment, there was a sentiment stronger than any one would care to avow, inspiring the secret confidence that, having caught the Cable in this extraordinary manner, we should get it up at last, and end our strange eventful history by a triumphant entry to Heart’s Content.	In an instant afterwards every one was on deck, and the evil tidings flew from lip to lip.	10·30 a.m., End got out of afterhold.	Maury, U.S.N., to ask his opinion concerning the possibility of laying down a cable in the bottom of the Atlantic; the other to Professor Morse, to inquire whether he thought it practicable to send an electric current through a wire between Europe and America.	on the quantity required by the whole distance.	1.F.1.	(Glass, Elliot, & Co.)   ALEXANDER STRUTHERS FINLAY, Esq., M.P.	After a time, the answer flew out, "No."	Although the previous trials, with better gear, had proved unsuccessful; although the tackle now used was a thing of shreds and patches; although Mr. Canning and others said, “We are going to make this attempt because it is our duty to exhaust every means in our power,” and thereby implied they had little or no confidence of success; there was scarcely a man in the ship who did not think “there is just a chance,” and who would not have made the endeavour had the matter been left to his own decision.	_Aug.	Between the duplicate drum and the stern wheel were placed the dynamometer and intermediate wheels for indicating the strain upon the Cable.	The strain shown on the dynamometer was high, but was not near the breaking point.	Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.	Then, again, it was curious that the former fault occurred when the same gang of men were at work in the tank.	Captain Preedy had but two courses open in order to save the ship without sacrificing the Cable--either was fraught with peril--to wear the ship, or to run before the gale and risk the chances of being pooped by the monster seas in pursuit.	At 10·8 a.m. (ship's time being 8·10 a.m.) the Cable was veered out astern once more, our communications with Valentia being most satisfactory.	In due, but in weary time, the end of the Cable appeared above the surface, and was hauled on board and passed aft towards the drum.	At noon our position was, Lat.	51° 28´, Long.	LOW, Esq.	To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate Section 5.	Mr. C. Field, his brother, and Mr. White were commissioned to proceed to Newfoundland, to obtain from the Legislature an act of incorporation, and set out for that purpose on March 15th.	The hawse-pipes and stem of the ship will be guarded to prevent the Cable from being injured.	The first cut was made at the old splice, between the main and fore tanks, and the Cable was found perfect.	The Agamemnon had run 118 miles, and paid out 146 miles of Cable, when the upper deck coil became exhausted.	Even these speculations would have had no agitating influence had the electricians on board communicated with the shore before they cut the end of the Cable on the last occasion.