The river was otherwise dead.	Walk up hill to Curry's--a bar-room, a waiter and flies.	Jones, I’m very glad to make your acquaintance, sir.	In the evening, after dinner, my host drove me over to visit a small encampment under a wealthy planter, who has raised, equipped and armed his company at his own expense.	It is placed so close to the edge of the bluff at various places that shell and shot would knock away the bank from under it.	“Great sympathy,” I am told, “is felt for Mr. Bibb.” There has been a skirmish somewhere on the Potomac, but Bibb has done more business “on his own hook” than any of the belligerents up to this date; and though I can scarcely say I sympathize with him, far be it from me to say that I do not respect him.	Il n’a pas encore tiré.	Another officer is a shipmaster.	--"_Parceque elles ont envoyé leurs butin_."	The contests of Cavalier and Roundhead, of Vendean and Republican, even of Orangeman and Croppy, have been elegant joustings, regulated by the finest rules of chivalry, compared with those which North and South will carry on if their deeds support their words.	Talk of the superstition of the middle ages; or of the credulity of the more advanced periods of rural life; laugh at the Holy Coat of Treves, or groan over the Lady of Salette; deplore the faith in winking pictures, or in a _communiqué_ of the _Moniteur_; moralize on the superstition which discovers more in the liquefaction of the ichor of St. Gennaro than a chemical trick, but if you desire to understand how far faith can see and trust among the people who consider themselves the most civilized and intelligent in the world, you will study the American journals, and read the telegrams which appear in them.	The wind favored us but little, and the falling breeze enabled all on board to inspect deliberately the seeming artistic preparations for the threatened attack which frowns and bristles from three miles of forts and batteries arrayed around the slight indenture opposite.	Several of the gun batteries are put on the level of the beach; others have more command, and one is particularly well placed, close to the White Lighthouse, on a high plateau which dominates the sandy strip that runs out to Fort M'Rae.	This statement I make on the very highest authority.	At the end is a long deal table, heavy with dishes of meat and vegetables, presided over by negresses and gentlemen of uncertain hue.	There could be no mistake about certain black objects on the deck.	My friends were therefore constrained to stay outside, but one of them picked up a friend on the beach and got up an impromptu ride along the island.	The truckle bedsteads were garnished with mosquito bars, and I was told that the hospital is a favorite resort, which its inmates leave with reluctance.	His qualifications for the      command of such a squad of villains and cut-throats are: He is a      miserable hound, a dirty dog, a sociable fellow, a treacherous      villain, a notorious thief, a lying blackguard, has served his      regular five years in the penitentiary, and keeps his hide      continually full of Cincinnati whisky, which he buys by the barrel      to save money.	There is nothing we desire to conceal."	General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works 1.A.	Any way, the results must show the government at Washington, that if they could have acted on the same principles elsewhere they would now be in a very different position.	In the large cities people are corrupted by itinerant and ignorant lecturers--in the towns and in the country by an unprincipled press.	Next morning, early, the governor was in the saddle and took me round to see his plantation.	The women were not very well-favored, except one yellow girl, whose child was quite white, with fair hair and light eyes; and the men were disguised in such strangely cut clothes, their hats and shoes and coats were so wonderfully made, that one could not tell what they were like.	There were cases of large fortunes earned by planting sugar with small beginnings, but these had chiefly occurred among early settlers, who had obtained their hands for a song.	South Carolina contains 34,000 square miles, and a population of 720,000 inhabitants, of whom 385,000 are black slaves.	Up went the flag of truce to the fore once more, but the ever-watchful sentry, diverted for the time from his superintendence of the men who were fishing at our pier, forbade our departure till the corporal of the guard had given leave, and the corporal of the guard would not let the fair Diana cast off her warp till he had consulted the sergeant of the guard, and so there was some delay occasioned by the necessity for holding an interview with that functionary, who finally permitted the captain to proceed on his way, and with a fair light breeze the schooner fell round into the tide-way and glided off toward the fort.	Better land lay further on, and through fields and cleared ground, where the “army worm,” however--not a soldier, but an insect of that name--had been at work--we passed on to Jonesborough, a large village of houses and stores, with an “eating and drinking saloon;” and next came to Cobden, named after one who is better known than the Jones who founded the former settlement.	The fiercest among them all was a thin little lady, who uttered certain energetic aspirations for the possession of portions of Mr. Lincoln’s person, and who was kind enough to express intense satisfaction at the intelligence that there was small-pox among the garrison at Monroe.	The parade-ground has been judiciously filled with deep holes, like inverted cones, in which shells will be comparatively innocuous; and warned by Sumter, every thing has been removed which could prove in the least degree combustible.	A rush for the “rat-hole” will not be very dignified or improving to the _morale_ every time a bomb hurtles over them; and assuredly the damage to the magazines will be enormous if the fire from Pickens is accurate and well sustained.	Its central position, which has reference rather to a map than to the hard face of matter, procured for it a distinction to which it had no other claim.	There was a motley group of colored people on the jetty, a few whites, of whom the males were nearly all in uniform; a few bales of goods were landed or put on board, and that was all one could see of the life of that place.	Besides, the negro is civilized by being carried away from Africa and set to work, instead of idling in native inutility.	Indeed, in some conversation on the subject last night, it was admitted that when men were very rich they might find judges and jurymen as tender as Danae, and policemen as permeable as the walls of her dungeon.	The small, struggling, deeply-mortgaged proprietors of swamp and forest set their negroes to work to raise levees, to cut down trees, to plant and sow.	They are healthy, well fed, regularly paid, and can be relied on to do their duty to a man.	Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.	In this respect cotton has the advantage of keeping longer than sugar.	It seems that a club of planters in this state and one or two others resolved, little more than a year ago, to import a cargo of Africans.	The lines of the estates are drawn perpendicularly to the banks, so that the convexity or concavity of the bends determines the frontage of the plantation.	Am I not good for three dollars?"	In the rear of each gang stood a black overseer, with a heavy-thonged whip over his shoulder.	It was now safe for the season, and so was the corn.	The militia of Louisiana has not been called out for many years, and its officers have no military experience and the men have no drill or discipline.	Already they are suffering, but it is but a tithe of what is to come, for the life and misery have not been expended and felt.	During his eventful voyage, which commenced with a six days' experience in the terrible Bermuda cyclone of November, 1858, he had been a stranger to the bitter sectional animosities engendered by the last election; and had recently joined the blockade of this port, where he finds a son enlisted in the ranks of the C. S. A., and learns that two others form part of the Virginia division of Mr. Jefferson Davis's forces.	(17½ per ct.), which amounts to $37,000,000, which, added to the saving on commissions, exchanges, advances, &c., makes up the good round sum which I have put down higher up.	Here are two paragraphs which do not look very well as they stand.	Our guests were two--a broad farmer-like gentleman, weighing some sixteen stone, dressed in a green frieze tunic, with gold lace and red and scarlet worsted facings, and a felt wide-a-wake, who, as he wiped his manly brow, informed me he was a "rifleman."	Gentlemen politicians, the ball is rolling.	The whispers which rise through the storm are few and feeble.	Next day being Sunday, I remained at rest in the house of a friend listening to local stories--not _couleur de rose_, but of a deeper tint--blood-red;--how such a man shot another, and was afterward stabbed by a third; how this fellow and his friends hunted down, in broad day, and murdered one obnoxious to them--tale after tale, such as I have heard through the South and seen daily narratives of in the papers.	The tall chimney of the Warrington navy-yard was smoking away lustily.	A few horses were waiting impatiently in the sun, for flies will have their way, and heavy men are not so unbearable as small mosquitos.	It appears, indeed, that unless a slave has made up his or her mind to incur the dreadful penalties of flight, there would be no inducement to commit theft, for money or jewels would be useless; search would be easy, detection nearly certain.	Strict precautions are used to prevent access to the camps--a close chain of sentries is posted all around, and in the day a pass is necessary for admittance, unless one belongs to the force, and at night no one is admitted without the countersign.	All this sylva of moderate stature is intertwined with creepers, and at intervals we see the Spanish moss, indicating the malarious exhalations of the soil beneath.	The door of the chamber is open, and we are introduced into a lofty, well-lighted and commodious apartment, in which the Congress of the Confederate States holds its deliberations.	The idea of these persecuting little fiends being so unpatriotic as to vex the Confederates in their sandy camp never entered into his mind for a moment.	Charley, the negro cook, ague-stricken with terror, was leaning over the bed, and in broken French was chattering through his teeth: "_Monsieur, Monsieur, nous sommes perdus!	But the South has all the unanimity of a conspiracy, and its unanimity is not greater than its confidence.	Before noon the steamer hauled alongside a stationary hulk, which once "walked the waters" by the aid of machinery, but which was now used as a floating hotel, depot and storehouse--315 feet long, and fully thirty feet on the upper deck above the level of the river.	Among them was Mr. Oglesby, colonel of a regiment of Illinois volunteers, and, as it shows of what material the commanding officers of these regiments, on whose individual action so much depends, are made, I may be pardoned for stating that this excellent, kindly, and shrewd old man, who was responsible for the position and efficiency of 1,000 men, is one who raised himself from obscurity to a competence by the drudgery of a lawyer’s office in spite of a defective education, and that he never handled a company in the field in his life.	The electric fluid may be the means of blasting and blighting many reputations, as there can be no doubt the revelations which the government at Washington will be able to obtain through the files of the dispatches it has seized at the various offices, will compromise some whose views have recently undergone remarkable changes.	He invited me to visit the negro quarters.	Thus it is that they declare they never can be conquered, that they will die, to a man, woman, and child, first, and that if 50,000, or any number of thousands of black republicans get 100 miles into Virginia, not one man of them shall ever get out alive.	It is impossible for any one to understand the movement of the troops on both sides.	The levee is as hard and dry as the bank of a canal.	The country around is well wooded, and is richly cultivated in broad fields of cotton and Indian corn, but the neighborhood is not healthy, and deadly fevers are said to prevail at certain seasons of the year.	A Mexican named Bernard Cruz, born in Tampico, and living here with      an Irish wife, was brought before the Mayor this morning charged      with uttering Abolition sentiments.	GOODRICH & CO.	A sack of ice and half a dozen silver goblets enforced his invitation “to take a drink at his quarters,” and we were served by an African in uniform, who afterward offered us cigars received by the last Havana steamer.	For instance, in New York ladies and gentlemen from the South are permitted to live at their favorite hotel without molestation, and one hotel keeper at Saratoga Springs advertises openly for the custom of his Southern patrons.	Shoes often bad, knapsacks scarce, head-pieces of every kind of shape--badges worked on the front or sides, tinsel in much request.	We are      sufficiently known in this city not to require the indorsement of      _The Cincinnati Gazette_, or any such sheet, for a character.	There is, to be sure, a storm gathering at the North, but it cannot hurt you, and already there are _condottieri_ from all parts of the world flocking to your aid, who will eat your Southern beeves the last of all.	It is impossible to resist the conviction that the Southern Confederacy can only be conquered by means as irresistible as those by which Poland was subjugated.	"Why!	Once, as a large fish came gamboling along the surface close at hand, a great gleam of white shot up in the waves beneath, and a boiling whirl, marked with a crimson pool, which gradually melted off in the tide, showed where a monster shark had taken down a part of his breakfast.	We promised him immunity for the past and safety for the future, and, easing off the main sheet, he lays the Diana on her course for the fleet.	I, however, cannot help enjoying at least the variety of hearing a little of the _altera pars_.