"What made you think I'd know?"	1.C.	"So the guy who did it left prints in the sand?"	"Tom, you can't honestly think--" "No," I said.	I saw shock and rage flare in the eyes of men who usually had steady nerves.	Her reaction may give us a lead."	Those prints may be the only thing we'll have to go on."	But he was pleased that I had turned to him as a friend I could trust.	When you can't depend on life for anything else it's good to know you have a friend.	It was an ordeal for him.	I reached out and drew her into my arms again, and we rested for a moment stretched out side by side on the sand.	"Come on, Harry," I said.	If it gets around too fast those footprints will be trampled flat.	"We're just good friends, remember?"	Sometimes when you listen intently you seem to hear words deep in your mind.	There is something in the human mind which recoils from too outrageous a deception.	"You sleep like a log," he said.	There was no tremor.	Big they were--incredibly large and massive.	1.E.	A cold chill ran up my spine.	If ever monstrous cruelty and malign cunning looked out of a human countenance it looked out of the eyes that stared in my direction, remorseless in their hate.	"The poor guy," Harry whispered.	No one knew what kind of man Anders was.	His mouth was open and he was snoring lustily.	He stood very still for an instant, staring at Molly.	She was hurled to the sand, but with a violence so brutal that she went instantly limp.	he said.	"Remember," I said.	Twelve men passed me, walking three abreast.	"The boys won't stand for it.	What happened then was like the awakening stages of some horrible dream.	I thought awhile, looking at Harry.	His head fell back and his eyes lolled.	How many men in the camp wore size-twelve shoes?	"You've been driving yourself too hard."	"Well," he said, "suppose we have a look at those prints, and if it will ease your mind I'll take off my shoes and you can try them out for size."	Molly shook her head.	Somebody has been hurt--bad.	"Now you're being poetic, Tom," she said.	Who could have hated Ned with a rage so primitive and savage?	Molly was a beautiful woman in her own right, and there wasn't a man in the camp who hadn't envied Ned.	Not one word about Larsen, not one spoken word.	It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.	Harry nodded.	I grew up fast as a kid and at eighteen I weighed two hundred and thirty pounds, all lean flesh.	They were not calm now--not one of them.	One of the shacks was wrapped in darting tongues of flame, and a woman was screaming, and a man close to her was grappling with something huge and misshapen which loomed starkly against the dawn glow.	A dozen or more men were between Bill's shack and the well.	His guns suddenly roared.	"What happened?"	The fury which had been unleashed against me turned upon the monster and became a closed circle of deadly, intent purpose hemming him in--and he was caught in a crossfire that hurled him backwards to the sand.	There was nothing very reassuring about Harry.	That could make some other guy as mad as a caged hyena--the wrong sort of other guy.	I thought for a moment he was about to crush her as he had crushed the man.	Bill was the kind of guy you could depend on in an emergency.	When we break the news I want that body out of sight."	Bill didn't say a word.	"One glance was enough," I whispered.	They were staring grimly at the dawn, as if they could already see blood on the sky, spilling over on the sand and spreading out in a sinister pool at their feet.	He had done his best to destroy me, but there was no longer any hate left in me.	That failure was a tragedy in itself.	We edged up slowly, taking care not to disturb the others, pretending we were sauntering toward the well on a before-breakfast stroll.	I looked at Harry and saw that he was wondering the same thing.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	We might have roused the camp to a lynching fury and Kenny would have died for a crime another man had committed.	Biggest prints I've ever seen."	"Someday," I said, "our own science will take a tiny fragment of human tissue from the body of a dead man, put it into an incubating machine, and a new man will arise again from that tiny shred of flesh.	And the Martians might still remember a few of the techniques.	I looked away quickly.	"There were cities on Mars when our ancestors were hairy apes.	Now the shoe was on the other foot.	He jumped up and lunged straight for the well.	"I was a blind fool," I said.	On Earth I might have been able to comfort her in a completely sane way.	But there was something pulse-stirring about her and it was easy to understand how a man like Kenny might find her difficult to resist.	He had drawn his gun, and he started shouting that the prints couldn't have been made by my shoes.	See paragraph 1.C below.	He measured footsteps with Kenny, advancing in the same direction from a different angle at a pace so calculated that they seemed to meet by accident directly in front of us.	"Steady," I whispered.	It cleared Kenny completely.	No pleasure in enforcing the law--pass that buck to Bill.	"I want to talk to you.