I don't suppose you remember the old Mark Two?	I mean, you know ... he's a soldier."	But that was the general meaning of it, you know, stripped of all the technical language.	"Why didn't you tell the general?"	Amber liquid flowed softly and the general handed across the half-filled glass.	Delay of a critical item of equipment can necessitate an unbelievably vast reassignment of personnel and supply patterns.	"Perhaps you remember a conversation we had a few weeks ago?	A level lip of rock, as precisely flat as though honed, from which the arches seemed to grow.	Without life, all ceases.	After you struck back, David, what would you do next?"	Yes, I'm almost positive it was.	"I'd better check up on all the domes tonight, just to be sure."	"May we see the aliens?"	I've been Destroyed maybe half the time in the Mark Sixes.	he asked.	he asked.	The Scout Ball could handle them: saving energy, which along with time itself, is the ultimate precious commodity of the universe governed by the laws of entropy.	Mr. Wallace asked.	"Well ... well, let's see.	Nature plays strange tricks."	"Of course he obeyed the orders," the general said.	That is to say, they will, barring any serious interruptions in our work.	"I wouldn't want anything to go wrong because they're here."	"Quite well, sir."	"Try it, it's good."	"Did you then inform the general?"	He was perhaps typical of many of the older soldiers.	I thought ... yes, I guess it is tomorrow.... Well, we've been here long enough to lose our immunity, so we'll all catch colds."	Damnedest thing.	Normally, I don't talk about this sort of thing, but I thought you might like to know."	"I wouldn't advise it, sir," Captain Meford said.	I was told he felt you could reverse the air-changing equipment in time to save the aliens.	I'll get it later."	'My God, I can't shave.'	"If you like, sit there.	Mr. Tucker prompted.	"This is one of the most recent balls, sir."	Yet the city had the appearance of age and continual usage.	Several minutes passed.	"Yes, sir," Captain Meford said.	Physically, it was this: 1.	"Mr. Tucker?	"Yes, sir."	"The air around here is--well, the fact of the matter is, I'd like to get away from them for awhile."	"You knew Sergeant Schuster very well?"	Who's in charge?"	He glanced at his time piece.	I plan to give you a very fine recommendation, Captain.	"He was always talking, sir.	His body moved beneath the wrinkled folds of the surface suit.	"Of course not, sir," Captain Arnold said.	Mr. Ryan, one of the other two civilians, commented, "A long time between cigars, eh, Jim?"	He stood under their pressure.	Upon being told, he nodded with satisfaction.	If you notice, the floor of the recess was worn unevenly toward the center by what I should guess to be the traffic of several centuries.	The panel closed.	"I saw the constructions from the photos, sir.	The others waited.	II The long ship hung in orbit above Miracastle and discharged its passengers.	The corporal hesitated and rummaged his memory without conspicuous success.	"Well, David--don't look like that--it's not at all important.	He knocked politely.	Let it be, David.	Expressionless, he looked down, without psychological advantage, at the seated civilian holding the partially smoked cigar.	Nor were any provisions in evidence for the disposal of waste products.	I ... you see, at the time the winds completely prohibited air traffic.	"Yes, sir."	Captain Arnold said.	Inside, General Shorter divested himself of the helmet.	"Between fifteen and twenty minutes, if I don't hit too much cross wind."	"Yes, sir.	"I should return to duty, sir."	"The alternative arises: perhaps the natives were not natives at all, but immigrants or colonists like ourselves.	I hoped you'd remember the conversation.	The severe economy of line suggests simplicity.	"We'll call it an inspection.	He moved nervously as though physically to dismiss the tactical error of underestimating his opponent.	"Yes, yes, I suppose so," the general said.	The question alerted the mechanism which produced the almost-Pavlovian loyalty response.	the general asked.	He sipped.	What was their ultimate goals?	the corporal asked in surprise.