"Agricola," as Hume observes, "was the general who finally established the dominion of the Romans in this island.	[142] A Greek epigram still extant of Antiphilus, a Byzantine, to the memory of a certain Agricola, is supposed by the learned to refer to the great man who is the subject of this work.	[53] The Britons were formerly governed by kings, [54] but at present they are divided in factions and parties among their chiefs; and this want of union for concerting some general plan is the most favorable circumstance to us, in our designs against so powerful a people.	A part of Carniola still retains the name of Windismarck, derived from them.	The former word applies to friends and fellow-countrymen; the latter, to those not of the same tribe, and foreigners.	[159] Now the Betuwe, part of the provinces of Holland and Guelderland.	As the crimes of cowardice, treachery, and desertion were so odious and ignominious among the Germans, we find by the Salic law, that penalties were annexed to the unjust imputation of them.	This was the case in Judaea.	[135] The Rhine and Danube.	14.	When conquered and driven beyond the Elbe by Tiberius, they occupied that part of the country where are now Prignitz, Ruppin, and part of the Middle Marche.	During this period, although all things were transacted under the conduct and direction of another, and the stress of the whole, as well as the glory of recovering the province, fell to the general's share, yet they imparted to the young Agricola skill, experience, and incentives; and the passion for military glory entered his soul; a passion ungrateful to the times, [19] in which eminence was unfavorably construed, and a great reputation was no less dangerous than a bad one.	[210] In the reign of Augustus, the Langobardi dwelt on this side the Elbe, between Luneburg and Magdeburg.	[49] It was also considered as the height of injury to charge a person with this unjustly.	"If unknown nations or untried troops were drawn up against you, I would exhort you from the example of other armies.	From the time they arrive at years of maturity they let their hair and beard grow; [170] and do not divest themselves of this votive badge, the promise of valor, till they have slain an enemy.	[94] For the expenses of war, and other necessities of state, and particularly the public entertainments.	[42] _Nudi_.	Of this people, Ammianus Marcellinus, in his account of the reign of Valentinian and Valens, thus speaks:--"A sudden commotion arose among the Quadi; a nation at present of little consequence, but which was formerly extremely warlike and potent, as their exploits sufficiently evince."--xxix.	He chose rather to confer offices and employments upon such as would not offend, than to condemn those who had offended.	The most fertile parts of Germany, adjoining to the Hercynian forest, (which, I observe, was known by report to Eratosthenes and others of the Greeks, and called by them Orcinia,) were accordingly occupied by the Volcae and Tectosages, who settled there.	A kind of religious veneration is still paid to this phenomenon by the Roman Catholics, under the appellation of the fire of St. Elmo.	The sky in this country is deformed by clouds and frequent rains; but the cold is never extremely rigorous.	To have knowledge of the other sex before twenty years of age, is accounted in the highest degree scandalous."	Germany [2] is separated from Gaul, Rhaetia, [3] and Pannonia, [4] by the rivers Rhine and Danube; from Sarmatia and Dacia, by mountains [5] and mutual dread.	The difficulties and dangers which Germanicus met with from the storms of this sea are related in the Annals, ii.	), "was always determined by a superstitious opinion which made the northern nations regard the number 'three' as sacred and particularly dear to the gods.	22) mentions, that those who refused to follow their chiefs to war were considered as deserters and traitors.	[274] As it is just after mentioned that their chief dependence is on the game procured in hunting, this can only mean that the vegetable food they use consists of wild herbs, in opposition to the cultivated products of the earth.	Adultery is extremely rare among so numerous a people.	[89] _Ascire_, al.	It will be sufficient to name the most powerful of them--the Arii, Helvecones, Manimi, Elysii, and Naharvali.	Venit accola sylvae   Bructerus Hercyniae.	[191] The name of this people still exists; and the country they inhabited is called the Cimbric Chersonesus, or Peninsula; comprehending Jutland, Sleswig, and Holstein.	None, however, but the priests [52] are permitted to judge offenders, to inflict bonds or stripes; so that chastisement appears not as an act of military discipline, but as the instigation of the god whom they suppose present with warriors.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	[91] This apparent contradiction is, however, perfectly agreeable to the principles of human nature.	For the tides of the opposite seas, flowing very far up the estuaries of Clota and Bodotria, [98] almost intersect the country; leaving only a narrow neck of land, which was then defended by a chain of forts.	273, 274.	But there is no nation beyond us; nothing but waves and rocks, and the still more hostile Romans, whose arrogance we cannot escape by obsequiousness and submission.	Thus in the Ripuary law, "A child under fifteen shall not be responsible."	Hence Strabo, Caesar, Florus, and others, have referred to the Suevi what related to the Catti.	Besides, they made use of weapons of stone, great numbers of which are found in ancient tombs and barrows.	[232] Inhabitants of part of Hungary to the Danube.	The interval between his serving the offices of quaestor and tribune of the people, and even the year of the latter magistracy, he passed in repose and inactivity; well knowing the temper of the times under Nero, in which indolence was wisdom.	[151] A nation of Gauls, bordering on the Helvetii, as appears from Strabo and Caesar.	Nor was he tempted, in the pride of success, to term that an expedition or a victory; which was only bridling the vanquished; nor even to announce his success in laureate despatches.	[145] Caligula.	[73] _Ut turbae placuit_.	i.	[29] This legion had been unmanageable and formidable even to the consular lieutenants; [30] and its late commander, of praetorian rank, had not sufficient authority to keep it in obedience; though it was uncertain whether from his own disposition, or that of his soldiers.	We read that when Arulenus Rusticus published the praises of Paetus Thrasea, and Herennius Senecio those of Priscus Helvidius, it was construed into a capital crime; [3] and the rage of tyranny was let loose not only against the authors, but against their writings; so that those monuments of exalted genius were burnt at the place of election in the forum by triumvirs appointed for the purpose.	In that fire they thought to consume the voice of the Roman people, the freedom of the senate, and the conscious emotions of all mankind; crowning the deed by the expulsion of the professors of wisdom, [4] and the banishment of every liberal art, that nothing generous or honorable might remain.	p. 101.	These districts were surrounded with castles and forts, disposed with so much attention and judgment, that no part of Britain, hitherto new to the Roman arms, escaped unmolested.	[82] This mulct is frequently in the Salic law called "fred," that is, peace; because it was paid to the king or state, as guardians of the public peace.	(Dio, lxxi.)	Their funerals are without parade.	[146] According to this account, the birth of Agricola was on June 13th, in the year of Rome 793, A.D. 40; and his death on August 23d, in the year of Rome 846 A.D. 93: for this appears by the Fasti Consulares to have been the year of the consulate of Collega and Priscus.	[23] 7.	[110] _Ergo septae pudicitiâ agunt_.	[89] Hence Montesquieu (Spirit of Laws, xxx, 3) justly derives the origin of vassalage.	Of the early life of Tacitus and the training which he underwent preparatory to those literary efforts which afterwards rendered him a conspicuous figure among Roman literateurs we know absolutely nothing.	[129] Not the triumph itself, which, after the year of Rome 740 was no longer granted to private persons, but reserved for the imperial family.	_Signum in modum liburnae figuration _corresponds with the _vehiculum_ there spoken of; the real thing being, according to Ritter's view, a pinnace placed on wheels.	As Odin or Wodun was supposed to correspond to the Mercury of the Greeks and Romans, the name of this day was expressed in Latin _Dies Mercurii_."--_White_.	Those of Ingaevones, Istaevones, and Hermiones, were not so much names of the people, as terms expressing their situation.	During the space of fifteen years, [7] a large portion of human life, how great a number have fallen by casual events, and, as was the fate of all the most distinguished, by the cruelty of the prince; whilst we, the few survivors, not of others alone, but, if I may be allowed the expression, of ourselves, find a void of so many years in our lives, which has silently brought us from youth to maturity, from mature age to the very verge of life!	But the Germans, by the defeat or capture of Carbo, [197] Cassius, [198] Scaurus Aurelius, [199] Servilius Caepio, and Cneius Manlius, [200] deprived the Roman people of five consular armies; [201] and afterwards took from Augustus himself Varus with three legions.	We, as well as they, have two kinds of swords, the sharp-pointed, and edged (small sword and sabre).	On a general survey, however, it appears probable that the Gauls originally took possession of the neighboring coast.	He put on, however, in his countenance and demeanor, the semblance of grief: for he was now secured from an object of hatred, and could more easily conceal his joy than his fear.	The garrisons made frequent sallies; for they were secured against a blockade by a year's provision in their stores.	[241] Inhabitants of what is now Further Pomerania, the New Marche and the Western part of Poland, between the Oder and Vistula.	In the field of battle, it is disgraceful for the chief to be surpassed in valor; it is disgraceful for the companions not to equal their chief; but it is reproach and infamy during a whole succeeding life to retreat from the field surviving him.	46.	In each hundred was a companion, or centenary, chosen from the people, before whom small causes were tried.	Wretches born to slavery are once bought, and afterwards maintained by their masters: Britain every day buys, every day feeds, her own servitude.	The derivation of German is _Wehr mann_, a warrior, or man of war.	[114] A passage in Valerius Maximus renders it probable that the Cimbrian states were of this number: "The wives of the Teutones besought Marius, after his victory, that he would deliver them as a present to the Vestal virgins; affirming that they should henceforth, equally with themselves, abstain from the embraces of the other sex.	Thus Juvenal, Sat.	After their expulsion, they settled, according to Eccard, between Cologne and Hesse.	Paderborn.)