See the Manners of the Germans, s. 33. note a. BRUNDUSIUM, a town of Calabria, with an excellent harbour, at the entrance of the Adriatic, affording to the Romans a commodious passage to Greece.	the persuasive, and controversial.	v. cap.	POPE.	But it is said, his contention, his toil and danger, are steps to the consulship.	XI.	AORSI, a people inhabiting near the Palus Maeotis; now the eastern part of Tartary, between the _Neiper_ and the _Don_.	XVIII.	This is the true character of Lucan.	He studied the operations of nature.	i. sat.	[h] Appius Claudius was censor in the year of Rome 442; dictator, 465; and, having at a very advanced age lost his sight, he became better known by the name of Appius Cæcus.	De Claris Orat._ s. 243.	They are mere imitation, and, by consequence, have not the force and spirit which a real cause inspires.	In the schools of rhetoricians [b], who think themselves the fountain-head of eloquence, every thing is false and vitiated.	Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.	He frequently employed others to make researches for him, and was often deceived.	It is unnecessary to observe, that Quintilian, in sundry parts of his work, has vindicated Cicero from these aspersions.	c. 1.	Nemo dabit procerum, quanti subsellia constent.	If Cato has omitted any thing, Thyestes [a], at my next reading, shall atone for all deficiencies.	You cannot say, with a number of others, that the profession of poetry is safer than that of the public orator; since you have ventured, in a tragedy written with spirit, to display the ardour of a bold and towering genius.	chap.	s. 18.	vol.	Antonius autem probabiliorem populo orationem fore censebat suam, si omninò didicisse nunquam putaretur; atque ita se uterque graviorem fore, si alter contemnere, alter ne nosse quidem Græcos videretur._ Cicero _De Orat._ lib.	Magnis in laudibus totâ fuit Græciâ, victorem Olympiæ citari.	Section IX.	_Ostendam nobilissimos juvenes mancipia pantomimorum._ Epist.	20), as a great master of the athletic arts.	See Suetonius, Life of Nero, section 2.	iv.	The Romans took it during the second Punic war, on which occasion the great Archimedes lost his life.	What I have said, and am going to add, may probably, my good friend Maternus, be unwelcome to your ear; and yet I must take the liberty to ask you, if Agamemnon [a] or Jason speaks in your piece with dignity of language, what useful consequence follows from it?	Seneca the first who introduced a false taste, which still prevailed in the reign of Vespasian.	We aimed at wit, and gay conceit, and glittering sentences.	The hand would no longer administer food; the      mouth would not accept it, and the drudgery of mastication      was too much for the teeth.	A modern writer, whose poetical genius cannot be too much admired, chooses to call it a _frippery way of writing_.	I proceed to another advantage of the ancient forum; I mean the form of proceeding and the rules of practice observed in those days.	_Ego autem juris civilis studio, multum operae dabam Q. Scaevolae, qui quamquam nemini se ad docendum dabat, tamen, consulentibus respondendo, studiosos audiendi docebat._ _De Claris Orat._ s. 306.	XVII.	Section 1.	He adds, in another part of the same chapter, that Domitius Afer and Julius Africanus were, of all the orators who flourished in his time, without comparison the best.	[a] The person here distinguished from the rest of the rhetoricians, is the celebrated Quintilian, of whose elegant taste and superior judgement it were superfluous to say a word.	After all, if the best form of eloquence must be abandoned, and some, new-fangled style must grow into fashion, give me the rapidity of Gracchus [a], or the more solemn manner of Crassus [b], with all their imperfections, rather than the effeminate delicacy of [c] Mæcenas, or the tinkling cymbal [d] of Gallio.	In both tracts, we have a specimen of the politeness with which the ancients managed a conversation on the most interesting subjects, and by the graces of style brought the way of instructing by dialogue into fashion.	Quinctio_, s. 78.	Cato always insisted on the demolition of Carthage: DELENDA EST CARTHAGO.	UNSINGIS, a river of Germany, running into the sea, near _Groningen_; now the _Hunsing_.	Orpheus embarked in the Argonautic expedition.	Has Roscius, says he, defrauded his partner?	VINDONISSA, now _Windisch_, in the canton of Bern, in Swisserland.	cap.	PIRÆEUS, a celebrated port near Athens.	The true principles of the persuasive art are never known to the professor, or if at any time there may be found a preceptor of superior genius, can it be expected that he shall be able to transfuse into the mind of his pupil all his own conceptions, pure, unmixed, and free from error?	i. cap.	[c] The centumviri, as mentioned s. vii.	1.D.	See Pomponius Mela.	p. 495 to 498.	A few words serve the purpose of barbarians, and those are always uncouth and harsh, without the artifice of connection; short, abrupt, and nervous.	The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.	HIC EST.	Nor will it suffice that the furniture may answer all domestic purposes; it should be rich, fashionable, elegant; it should have gold and gems so curiously wrought, that they will bear examination, often viewed, and always admired.	Aper calls it little more than 400 years; but in a conversation-piece strict accuracy is not to be expected.	He was master of every liberal art, and every branch of science, known in that age.	T. TANAIS, the _Don_, a very large river in Scythia, dividing Asia from Europe.	Licinius Macer Calvus, we are told by Seneca, maintained a long but unjust contention with Cicero himself for the palm of eloquence.	XXIX.	PARTHIA, a country of the Farther Asia, with Media on the west, Asia on the east, and Hyrcania on the north.	P. PADUS, anciently called _Eridanus_ by the Greeks, famous for the fable of Phaeton; it receives several rivers from the Alps and Apennine, and, running from west to east, discharges itself into the Adriatic.	ii.	The commentators are much divided in their opinions about the real author; his work they all agree is a masterpiece in the kind; written with taste and judgement; entertaining, profound, and elegant.	[a] There is in this place a blunder of the copyists, which almost makes the sentence unintelligible.	Three were chosen out of every tribe, and the tribes amounted to five and thirty, so that in fact 105 were chosen; but, for the sake of a round number, they were called CENTUMVIRI.	The true rhetorical art consists in blending the virtues of ancient oratory with the beauties of the modern style.	He delivered the whole with a peremptory tone and an eager eye.	2.	Lucan says of him,      Audax venali comitatur Curio lingua;      Vox quondam populi, libertatemque tueri      Ausus, et armatos plebi miscere potentes.	ALISO, a fort built by Drusus, the father of Germanicus, in the part of Germany now called Westphalia, near the city of _Paderborn_.	This, I think, you will not deny, and my two friends, if I may judge by their looks, seem to give their assent.	124.	ALBIUM INTEMELIUM; now _Vintimiglia_, south-west of the territory of Genoa, with a port on the Mediterranean, between _Monaco_ and _S.