"Uh," the man said, "you won't--?	"I won't."	Gradually, deliberately, the lights were waning.	She hummed a little tune under her breath as she scrubbed the pots and pans.	"Tell you what?"	Tomorrow.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	Miss Bestris snatched the key with a shaking hand.	"Tell us, Mary!"	She sank heavily into her chair.	Take her out!"	No!	You'd better not wait too long!"	Sometimes."	We've got a lot to talk about.	Beneath it, stiff, embarrassed spacemen, mostly officers dressed in parade uniforms, chatted in space-pidgin with the laughing, rainbow-haired girls.	He turned to the door.	"Listen, you little--" But she stopped, suddenly.	In the kitchen, Mary took the cake out of the oven.	She dabbed some of it on her ear lobes.	Anne leaned back carelessly, resting, propped on one hand.	She stood up.	Anne shrugged.	The moving lights on the walls were like colored reflections from a sunlit river.	"Thank you, Miss Bestris.	At Mary's door she stopped and twisted the knob.	The tiny third moon crept up over the horizon, and the buildings cast triple shadows.	"You don't know him.	A misunderstanding.	"Now," said the Madame, "if you'll bring in Lavada tomorrow at nine, I'll arrange for a doctor to be here.	Where it won't matter about--all this."	"He'll sign off, and then we'll both get a ship and go to one of the frontier planets.	"He likes our canal blossom perfume."	You heard me!"	Miss Bestris pounded harder.	Anne shrugged again.	I can say 'thank you' and 'yes' and 'no' and 'I love you' and all kinds of things in it.	"I indulge you more than I ought to, child," she said.	In my desk.	June was on her feet.	*       *       *       *       * In one of the rooms upstairs Mary sat before the dressing table with her back to the mirror, while June and Adele occupied the two overstuffed chairs.	"Honey, tell me that tomorrow night."	Miss Bestris fixed her lips grimly.	"Well.	She's from the sticks, and her parents still come to see her on visiting days, and there's something about her so--so innocent.	"He'd better.	The mutter of voices blended into a steady hum.	Anne asked, coming into the room.	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	"I think we'll call her--well--Poppy.	"See.	*       *       *       *       * The blue morning came.	He wants me to wait for him."	Several Earthmen, still in the big room, turned to watch.	There were tears in her eyes.	She carries a bouquet of--Anne just likes to be mean!"	I'll bet I lost half-a-dozen customers.	"Please, Miss Bestris.	"The next man that comes in...." "No!	"All right," she said, gritting her teeth.	"You're a fool," Anne said.	I think Miss Bestris feels sorry for her in a way."	"And healthy--" "We have doctors to see to that," the Madame said.	"They're too expensive," Mary said.	Eight hundred and thirty, or take your picture and don't waste my time."	She hurled the door open and burst inside.	"I--no, Mary."	But we simply must look presentable.	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	She fled the room in a swirl of shimmering glastic.	You think she would?"	She twisted around.	I want to find out about his parents, and what he likes for supper and what kind of music he likes to hear, and--and all sorts of things.	Mary laughed, her amethyst eyes sparkling.	Tell her I have a special boy, and it'll be all right.	Couples sat side by side, laughing, talking in whispers.	Take it.	Again Mary shook her head.	Efficiently and rapidly, he entered the particulars.	"Well, what are you sitting here for?"	She met Anne's eyes, bright and amused.	She'll feel bad enough without you helping!"	"Yes, Miss Bestris.