But, tell me, why do you come here into the dyeing shed?'	He had short, spreading legs, but enormously long tail and neck.	They very seldom go wrong in prophesying the weather."	"'He's most frightfully poor,' said my friend.	And, after all, Africa is a nice country, now, isn't it?"	And now for several days the Doctor forgot all about his post office work and King Koko and his ship at anchor, and everything else.	I wish I could draw that way,' said the beggar.	The Doctor decided to leave Gub-Gub home this time and he took with him only Jip, Dab-Dab, Too-Too and Cheapside--who said he wanted a holiday and that his sparrow friends could now quite well carry on the city deliveries in his absence.	"Those come in bad oysters.	"He hasn't had any experience."	And that was being cheeky.	No experienced sea bird ever runs his head into a bad storm."	"Regular foreign mails are difficult for the Fantippo post office because so few boats ever call there to bring or take the mails.	If we had the others, of course, we wouldn't last long.	And I've got some spare canvases in my satchel here.	Somebody must have taken it."	"Certainly.	"I'll soon settle _them_, when I get back," said Jip.	"I suspect," said Speedy, "that you'll find most of the letters will be written to you, Doctor.	The mails that carry letters outside the country to foreign lands are called _Foreign Mails_.	"Then I was in despair and I almost gave up.	And we can put on more speed than the fastest gale that ever blew.	"That's true," murmured the Doctor.	And very soon every spare moment he had was filled in writing to friends and acquaintances everywhere.	For some time the Doctor was kept so busy with more serious things that he was unable to attend to it.	And when the fruit came on, tennis racquets were handed around also.	It was one of those little post office mysteries that are always cropping up even in the best-run mail systems.	And he snatched a piece of paper off the desk and started to write.	Soon the poor man was swamped with mail, asking for medical advice.	Let us be rid of him."	The Doctor made out the postal order and took the money, which the man handed through the window.	"'You're in the soup,' said the little men.	"Then the children thought to join their friends again and started back.	"A sanitarium," said the Doctor, "is a sort of mixture between a hospital and a hotel--where people stay who are invalids.... Well, I agreed to this idea.	'Ot enough for an 'Ottentot!...	Now I'm called _Quip the Carrier_," said the small bird proudly gazing down at his little, stubby white leg.	Is this     the right place?"	"And you might ask him too," put in Dab-Dab who had been listening, "to take a look at the back windows of the house to see that none of them is broken.	"Oh, was that it?"	"Anything new in London?"	I've bitten through one strand.	With a flap of her wings, Dab-Dab flew right through the open window and was gone into the night, while the Doctor grabbed his little black medicine bag and, calling to the gull to follow him, ran down to the other end of the houseboat, untied the canoe and jumped in.	"You will be the first to see it.	Now the wind is the chief thing that changes the weather.	And an invalid--well, an invalid is a person who is always--er, more or less--ill." "But what kind of work is invalids' work?"	It was a terrible step I was about to take.	"'Well, now, I'll tell you what we'll do,' said he, 'you come and live in this dyeing shed with me.	But before he had got halfway through the crowd began to murmur to one another: "Let us not listen to this forward young man.	"I'm awfully glad to hear from him again," said the Doctor.	"It shall be done," muttered the Emir, grinding his teeth--"Only go!"	"But I don't understand," said John Dolittle.	What do Golden Jays eat?"	"So we led them on to the Bahamas.	Then he takes a string that lay upon the floor and, scaling up the middle vat, he lets the string down inside.	It was a dangerous part of the coast, this.	If we were as helpless in a fog as the sailors are we'd always be lost.	[Illustration: "In popped the head of an enormous snake"] "Great heavens!"	Little by little the islands grew fewer and the mangroves not so tangly.	"'I want you to come over here by the trough, Jip,' said he.	But perhaps it will serve to pass the time.	He had become equally famous as an animal doctor, an animal educator and an animal author.	Then the Doctor was sorry and wished he hadn't discharged Cheapside, who seemed to be the only one who could manage this part of the mails properly.	And Phipps was very happy.	"Well," said the neat little bird, settling down on the ground at his feet, "I've found you at last, Doctor.	And whenever they were stuck in the mud he would contract that long, muscular body of his with a jerk and yank the canoe forward as though it had been no more than a can tied on the end of a string.	What do you say?"	They stopped their fight and joined the chase after me.	But presently, as they went up it, the stream grew narrower and narrower.	But the king was very firm.	And the Doctor held some medicine to his lips which he had taken from the little black bag.	I'm particularly annoyed that I haven't got Dab-Dab.	Then the Emir was puzzled and angry.	I was not there to see.	So the Doctor decided that he had better have a sea bird to guide him.	Many of the birds who have helped me in this mail business seem to be remarkably good weather prophets.	With this idea in mind, I set about finding some means to disguise myself.	They won't be able to pay us in money of course, so we'll get them to bring us things, instead.	My name is Quip.	"And why don't the ladies in the country wear them, too?"	Meow!_' And with a farewell flip of the wing I disappeared into the night over the barn roof.	For whenever a canoe approaches, the dragons come down to the shores, breathing flame and destruction.	The gayly colored birds of the true forest did not care for this damp country of half water and half land.	Let me offer you a lollipop."