I have never quite understood what was Dennistoun's view of the events I have narrated.	'Ah, I was sure you would, my dear Gregory; I was certain I could rely on you.	Have not yet seen his face.'	I should think, from the map, that it must be about three-quarters of a mile from the Globe Inn, at the north end of the town.	he was the last of his line: kind of _spes ultima gentis_--must have planned to get hold of Francis's boy and put an end to _his_ line, too.	Was his own room to the right or to the left?	During the few seconds in which he halted to make sure of the number, the footsteps ceased, seemingly very near the door, and he was a little startled at hearing a quick hissing breathing as of a person in strong excitement.	I expect it was some person trying to give you a start.	'I must ask your indulgence for this intrusion, Sir Richard.	It's no trouble, I'm sure,' said the maid, and departed to giggle with her colleagues.	That was the Bishop's idea, and Sir Richard jumped at it.	The clock in the church-tower, buried in trees on the edge of the park, only its golden weather-cock catching the light, was striking six, and the sound came gently beating down the wind.	Parkins had, in fact, very little time for dressing.	I was outside that dreadful building in less time than I can write--almost as quickly as I could have said--the words; and what frightens me yet more, I could not turn the key in the lock.	It was a damp, drizzly March morning when the cart made its way up the rough grass hill outside Northgate, where the gallows stood.	And even if my neighbours swore,   I'd go on dancing all the more,   For I'm acquainted with the law,   And in despite of all their jaw,     Their protests I deride.	Early on the next day Rogers arrived, more welcome than he would have been a day before, and the three of them held a very long consultation in the Professor's room.	By tapping and scratching the sides with his knife, however, he was able to make out that it must be an artificial hole in masonry.	'That, or something else, it is true, cost me my sleep from twelve to four, my lord.	Mr Filcher (the name is not my own invention) was a servant of considerable standing, and set the standard of etiquette to all his own college and to several neighbouring ones, and nothing could be more alien to his practice than to be found sitting on his master's chair, or appearing to take any particular notice of his master's furniture or pictures.	Horace Marryat's _Journal of a Residence in Jutland and the Danish Isles_ is a fair specimen of the class to which I allude.	You will, I fear, be impatient to get on.	'If the vowel before the _ng_ had only been left, it would have been easy enough,' he thought; 'but as it is, the name may be anything from Guestingley to Langley, and there are many more names ending like this than I thought; and this rotten book has no index of terminations.'	'Now what do you mean to do?'	On the north no houses were to be seen, but only the beach and the low cliff backing it.	On leaving the office, Mr Anderson was accompanied by the old gentleman who presided over it, and, as they walked, the conversation very naturally turned to the papers of which I have just been speaking.	she broke forth rather irritably, 'how do you manage to tear your nightdress all to flinders this way?	Whatever it was that he wanted, it was not so necessary to his comfort that he could not wait till the morning for it, and he therefore settled not to ring the bell and disturb the servants.	On reaching England, it appears that Mr Wraxall landed at Harwich, and that he resolved at once to put himself out of the reach of some person or persons whom he never specifies, but whom he had evidently come to regard as his pursuers.	You will naturally inquire, as Mr Wraxall did, what the Black Pilgrimage may have been.	Bleak and solemn was the view on which he took a last look before starting homeward.	We may give them a respite until five o'clock.	To effect an entrance was not so easy.	The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous locations.	The shadow from the next room evidently showed that he was.	He himself, though still shaken and nervous, was almost himself by that time, and his story found credence with them, though not until they had seen the drawing and talked with the sacristan.	The eyes, touched in with a burning yellow, had intensely black pupils, and were fixed upon the throned King with a look of beast-like hate.	As you looked at it from the park, you saw on the right a great old ash-tree growing within half a dozen yards of the wall, and almost or quite touching the building with its branches.	Another confidence of his impressed me rather, and I sympathized with it.	On the doorstep they fell into conversation.	'This discovery, of course, made it absolutely certain to my mind that I was on the right track.	I know no more than you, gentlemen.	Conscious of a somewhat weak climax, he busied himself in opening the door (which was indeed locked) and in lighting candles.	During the day he continued his examination of the episcopal correspondence which I have already summarized.	The parlour contained the family books, which, pending the arrival of a collection which Sir Richard had made in Italy, and the building of a proper room to receive them, were not many in number.	Half a pipe more, did you say?	Immediately in front was a strip--not considerable--of rough grass, dotted with old anchors, capstans, and so forth; then a broad path; then the beach.	To his disappointment, it was incomplete.	The Professor was young, neat, and precise in speech.	Whatever may have been the original distance between the Globe Inn and the sea, not more than sixty yards now separated them.	Three stupid mistakes in twelve hours were too much for a methodical, accurate-minded man, so he turned back to make sure.	Then a bit of the edge on which it stood gave way, and it went slithering in.	The head was bent down, and the arms were tightly clasped over an object which could be dimly seen and identified as a child, whether dead or living it was not possible to say.	'Very little,' was the answer.	Hastily enough I drew it back, and something fell on the pavement with a clash.	That was the chief subject of his meditations at breakfast, and after it he began a systematic examination of the rooms to see which would suit his notions best.	The latter turned the handle, and gave a sudden vigorous push.	'Don't lose your heads.	Mr Wraxall, remembering that one function of Scandinavian deacons is to teach candidates for Confirmation, thought he would refresh his own memory on a Biblical point.	Could he have helped setting off, as I did, to Steinfeld, and tracing the secret literally to the fountain-head?	Apparently, however, he was in the habit of giving vent to his animal spirits when alone.	Such sights as these may be seen in many a church in Sweden now, but what distinguished this one was an addition to the original building.	In fact, they got on so well together in the morning that there was not talk on either side of their separating after lunch.	But what seems to have been fatal to the woman was the evidence of the then proprietor of Castringham Hall--Sir Matthew Fell.	He decided, therefore, to make his farewells, put some finishing touches to his notes, and be off.	Perhaps he might have done the landlord a little service by occupying it, and given him the chance of saying that a well-born English gentleman had lived in it for three weeks and liked it very much.	He dwelt on every step of his walk by the lake, determined to saturate himself, now that he trod it for the last time, in the sentiment of the place and hour.	At first they hear nothing at all; then they hear someone--you know how far away it is--they hear someone scream, just as if the most inside part of his soul was twisted out of him.	Certainly, and perhaps fortunately in this case, there was neither voice nor any that regarded: only the woman who, I suppose, was cleaning up the church, dropped some metallic object on the floor, whose clang startled me.	On the right was a king on his throne, the throne elevated on twelve steps, a canopy overhead, soldiers on either side--evidently King Solomon.	THE TREASURE OF ABBOT THOMAS I     _Verum usque in praesentem diem multa garriunt inter se Canonici de     abscondito quodam istius Abbatis Thomae thesauro, quem saepe,     quanquam ahduc incassum, quaesiverunt Steinfeldenses.	Why else should he be dancing?	The remainder of the evening was spent by Stephen in miscellaneous cross-examination of Mrs Bunch and in efforts to extract a tune from the hurdy-gurdy.	The laws which govern winds are really not at all perfectly known--to fisherfolk and such, of course, not known at all.	As you know, Rogers, or as you ought to know; for I think I have never concealed my views--' 'No, you certainly have not, old man,' put in Rogers _sotto voce._ '--I hold that any semblance, any appearance of concession to the view that such things might exist is equivalent to a renunciation of all that I hold most sacred.	You must find out what the place is.	'Not at all--lots of time--nothing to do till tomorrow.	The central space of the domed room was occupied by three copper sarcophagi, covered with finely-engraved ornament.	'But there's one thing,' he said, with a return of agitation which Mr Gregory did not like to see, 'which I must beg you to do for me, my dear Gregory.	*       *       *       *       * The book is in the Wentworth Collection at Cambridge.	Then he shut the window, a little surprised at the late hours people kept at Burnstow, and took his whistle to the light again.	In the middle of the lawn in front of the unknown house there was a figure where no figure had been at five o'clock that afternoon.	Where are you going to stay?'