Then Abraham rose up and went towards his house: and Death followed him.	For as yet they had eaten nothing since they came out of the garden; because the food which they had when they were there was heavenly food, and it sustained them through all these many days.	But when they let fall the Pillar, then will be the end of the world.1 1 I believe that the Pillar is the Milky Way: it is certainly meant to be one of the constellations.	Which when Sitis my wife saw, she fell upon her face and worshipped, and said, "Now know I that there is remembrance of me with God.	Nabushemak went forth immediately and mounted his chariot, and drove swiftly to my house.	And God sealed the tomb that no man should touch it until six days were fulfilled, and the rib which was taken out of Adam should be given back to him.	But at this she stopped, and was troubled in her mind, for she knew that there was no honeycomb in her store-room.	But Baruch and Ebedmelech buried his body; and they took the stone and set it up over his grave, and wrote upon it, "This is the helper of Jeremiah."	And God heard her prayer, and straightway the swords of the men fell out of their hands and crumbled into dust.	There they hid me, and gave me bread and water to eat, secretly, and there I abode many days.	But Levi said, "Get up and do not be frightened: only take care that you say nothing more of this kind against our brother Joseph."	And Aseneth took hold upon Simeon's beard and kissed him, and said, "Do not, my brother, in anywise render evil for evil: the Lord shall judge between us; and now, see, they are fled afar off.	But the maid was ashamed to give him the burnt bread, for she knew not who he was; she took, therefore, a good loaf of her own and gave it to him.	And they bound me.	And Adam answered, "Great pain and sickness is upon me."	I also taught them certain words which they should say at the appointed time, and practised them until they knew perfectly what they had to do.	So Michael returned to Abraham, and found him weeping, and told him all these words; and Abraham besought him, saying, "Speak yet once again to my Lord and say to Him, 'Thus saith Abraham Thy servant: Lord, Thou hast been gracious to me all my life long, and now, behold, I do not resist Thy word, for I know that I am a mortal man; but this one thing I ask of Thee, that while I am yet in my body Thou wouldst suffer me to see Thy world and all the creatures that Thou hast made.	and he said, "No."	Has our brother who is come to us brought you evil tidings of Lot, your nephew?"	But Michael refused, for he knew that no earthly horse could bear him; so he said, "Nay, but rather let us go on foot to your house."	Now he was a lad of nineteen years, beautiful exceedingly, and strong as a lion's whelp.	And when the king had read it, he was very angry and said, "O ye gods!	Yet again I call not the water god, for the earth swallows it up.	But he said, "Do not be afraid; hear what I am come to say to you."	So they dispersed to their rooms.	Now after three days wherein Job kept his bed--yet without pain or sickness, for no disease had power over him since the day when he put on that heavenly girdle--after three days, I say, he was aware of those that were coming to bear away his soul.	And they did obeisance and departed.	When I had read this letter, I folded it up again and gave it to my chief counsellor, saying, "Bring it again to my remembrance after seven days."	I said to him further, "Take this ring and go into Arabia, to the place where the venomous wind blows, and take the skin and hold the ring in front of the mouth of the skin towards the wind, so that the wind shall blow through the ring; and when the skin is blown up, you will know that the demon is inside it.	So Satan departed, and took on him another form, and put a wallet on his shoulder, and returned and said to the maid, "Say to Job, 'Give me bread from thine own hand, that I may eat.'"	Also ye know how the Lord restored to me my former state, and gave me the double of all that I had possessed before; and how I married your mother, and she bare me you: seven sons and three daughters, as it is this day.	She came forth to meet them, and accompanied them into the house, and set food and wine before them; and the slaves drank of the wine till they were drunken and fell into a deep sleep, every one in his place.	He was fed on all manner of dainties, he was clothed in purple and scarlet, and slept on the softest beds.	no!	Then Levi said calmly and mildly to Pharaoh's son, "Why does my lord speak thus to his servants?	And Abraham said, "Go, depart from me: I wish to rest here on my couch."	Did I not call him a Canaanitish labourer's son?	THE DEATH OF ADAM AND EVE And at last the Angel of Mankind came to her and said, "Rise up, Eve; for Adam thy husband is departing out of this life, and is going to meet Him that made him."	And when Adam and Eve came to the place, they saw him crouching beside the skins; and they were afraid at the horrible look of him.	Then I was greatly distressed, and I besought him, saying, 'Nay, my lord, do not take all my glory from me; have pity upon me; if thou must needs take the sun, yet leave me the moon.'	After these things Eve awoke out of her sleep, and was troubled because she knew not what had become of the body of Adam; and she prayed, saying, "Lord, as Thou didst make me out of the flesh of Adam, and as I was with him in the garden, and after we were cast out I was never parted from him, so now, I beseech thee, suffer me to be buried with him, and let no man part us asunder."	And Isaac ceased speaking.	Turn neither to the right hand nor to the left, but go straight as an arrow in the strength of the Most High."	Look now and see in what guise I go about."	And He said, "In the thought of thy heart thou seekest after the God of Gods and the Maker of all things: I am He.	I laughed and made answer, "O king, there is not a child in the land of Assyria who could not interpret this riddle.	After these things God showed Adam and Eve the things that were necessary for their life.	"This world shall pass away and the glory of it shall perish, and they that pay heed thereto shall be overwhelmed in the overthrow of it; but my throne is in the land of the holy, and the glory of it in the age that hath no change.	Among them there were some that made as though they would have stung her, but these the angel rebuked, and they fell to the ground dead.	But God looked upon them and sent His Word to raise them up and comfort them; and showed them a place not very far from the garden where there was a cave; and told them that they were to live there.	Adam answered, "Trouble not yourself; for you will not tarry long after me, and I believe that the same grave will hold both of us.	You must know, in the first place, that before He gave me a new name, I was called Jobab; and that I come of the family of Isaac--for I am one of the sons of Esau, Jacob's brother.	Only the Lord be judge betwixt me and you."	Now Ebedmelech had gathered the figs, and filled his basket; and by the time he had finished, the day had become burning hot.	And when Michael consented, Abraham called one of his men and bade him fetch two quiet horses that he and the stranger might ride home on them.	Moreover, the sons of Leah, Reuben and Simeon, Levi and Judah, Issachar and Zebulun, pursued after the men that had laid wait for Aseneth, and fell upon them suddenly and cut them to pieces; but the sons of Bilhah and Zilpah fled before them, saying, "We are undone; and now, behold, the son of Pharaoh is dead, and all they that were with him.	And at evening, when he was departing, I used to say to him, "I know that you are a labouring man, and look to your wages."	They said, "Lord and king, in the time of your father it was Ahikar the scribe who answered all hard questions and solved all difficulties; and behold, now you have with you his sister's son Nadan, who has been instructed in his wisdom and can do all that you require."	Next she went to the shrine wherein stood all the golden and silver images of her gods, and took them and threw them out of the window for the wayfarers to pick up; and she took the supper that had been laid out for her of all manner of delicate meats, and threw that into the highway for the dogs to eat.	The gates of the temple were locked, so that no one could get into the court; yet there is a child there, lying on the altar!"	I have sent for you because I wish to make you my friends, and, if you will do what I ask you, I will give you riches and lands and houses--in a word, all that you can desire.	Then he showed me the letter of the king of Egypt, saying, "Behold, Ahikar, the burden which they would lay upon me and upon my kingdom."	Wilt thou that they shall tend thee?	And Pharaoh rose up from his throne and blessed Levi.	And one day when I was attending to the gods of my father Terah, gods of wood and stone, gold and silver, iron and brass, I went into the temple where they stood, and found that one of them, the god named Marumath, who was carved out of stone, had fallen over and was lying at the feet of the god Zucheus.	But when they came in sight of the river Euphrates, she saw Adam still standing in the water praying, and she knew that she had been deceived; and at that moment Satan vanished away, and Eve fell upon the ground, for she was stiff with the cold, and weak with fasting.	Lastly, Pharaoh showed me a millstone which was broken in two pieces, and said, "Come, Ahikar, sew this together for me."	Soon after they came to the house, and Isaac and Sarah came to greet them, and they sat down in the courtyard of the house.	Then the angel set a mark upon my forehead, and departed from me; and in the same night I arose and gathered to me fifty of my servants, and went and destroyed the temple of the idol, laying it even with the ground.	And at last Zophar said, "What shall be done for thee?	I sent him away, therefore, and called his father again, and bade him be reconciled with his son; but he said, "Nay, but let him die the death."	While she was still wondering, there came in a messenger and said, "Joseph, the mighty one of God, is on his way hither."	And, we beseech thee, make not light of our petition, for we are in a great strait.	So they both hastened to the temple, and when Potipherah opened the door of the courtyard, they saw, partly at least, how the wonder had happened; for now there was an eagle perched upon the altar with its wings spread out over the child--it was a little girl, quite newly born--to protect it.	And thereafter he began to speak to them of the coming of the Beloved into the world.	And so it was that many strangers came to my house, and some of them desired to follow my way of life and minister to the poor, but they were in need of money to furnish them therefor.	Yet after that again I strengthened my soul and was patient.	At that my father said, "Abraham", and I said, "Here am I, bring me the chisels out of the house."	Accordingly, on the thirty-fifth day, as Eve stood praying in the water, she heard a voice as of an angel praising God, and she looked and saw one in bright raiment coming to her, and he called to her and said, "God has forgiven Adam!	But every morning I offered up sacrifices for them, even thirty doves, fifty kids of the goats, and twelve sheep, and a choice bullock.	But Nadan said, "It is folly!	Nabushemak said, "One thing I ask of my lord: that he will not keep this my trespass in mind, nor store up wrath against me."	He said, "You trifle with me; and unless you plait me such a rope I will not pay you the revenues of Egypt."