No one had backed out.	He had no way of knowing who had been injected by the small monsters and who had not, so he was taking no chances.	Unfortunately, he couldn't see them either.	As Lieutenant Jervis pointed out, we don't know what killed the crew of the _Mavis_; therefore, we are going to take every possible precaution.	That means no more than six out at any single time.	"Yes, sir," the small man said, stepping a pace forward.	It happened just like that, sir.	Colonel Petersen's orders.	Wayne cursed.	He relocked the cabinet.	If so, then Lieutenant Jervis is immune to the virus and is not a transmitter or carrier of it.	There was no sign of anyone in the corridor.	*       *       *       *       * Wayne strode toward the spacesuit locker, took out his suit, and donned it.	He hadn't been seen going down, and he didn't want to be seen going out.	I was quarantined immediately, of course, to make sure I wasn't carrying anything.	He hated to have to knock out too many of the men; it just meant more trouble later.	Wayne bent and, for good measure, took off the man's helmet and tapped him none too gently on the skull.	*       *       *       *       * Quickly, Wayne grabbed the gun off the floor and planted his back to the wall, looking around for new antagonists.	"What?	Stevelman?"	Then they went outside.	Gotta kill the evil green horde from Rigel Seven, and I don't dare drink anything stronger than sarsaparilla."	"Do we need spacesuits, sir?"	"Go out and get a look at the bodies," the colonel told the men, who were Medical Corpsmen.	Wayne sidestepped, threw Boggs off balance, and clubbed down hard with his fist.	"Where you goin', Captain?"	Wayne sprang back defensively and glanced around.	They were trying frantically to bring down the being that was so effectively thwarting their plans, jabbing viciously with their upthrust beaks.	He studied the thick, heavy soles of the boots for a moment, then set to work polishing.	It took quite a while to get where he was going, since it involved hiding and ducking two or three more times along the way, but he finally reached the big compartment where the water repurifiers were.	Let's go."	*       *       *       *       * "Our job is to make the preliminary preparations for getting D-N beryllium out of the crust of Fomalhaut V. We're supposed to stay alive while we do it.	Apparently the whole Medical Corps was out to knock him down today.	It was at that instant that he felt something slam against the sole of his heavy metamagnetic boot.	He leaned forward, stretched upward on his toes, and smiled mechanically.	"All right," said the colonel.	Petersen was a tall, hard-faced man with a touch of gray at his temples.	"However, to guard against such a possibility, no one will leave the _Lord Nelson_, once it has landed, without wearing a spacesuit.	"Sure I can, sir," he said confidently.	"So they got you too," he said.	They unhooked four of the six tabs from the wall and donned them.	The galaxy was a big place; unknown terrors lurked on planets unimaginably distant.	"I talked to both men separately, and they tell substantially the same story.	Sergeant Boggs put both hands against the Captain's shoulder and pushed.	After turning the needle gun back to low power again in order to keep from killing anyone, he started on tiptoe toward the stairway that led into the bowels of the ship.	Even with the best of acoustical systems, hearing inside a helmet tended to be distorted and dimmed.	"Horrible!"	He hoped there were only five of them, that the rule of six was still being maintained.	He pointed to a row of metal magnetic tabs clinging to the wall nearest the corridor that led to the airlock.	He knew he wasn't nuts.	"Why--it's a space helmet!"	It was a possibility he hadn't thought about.	He hefted the weighted pick with one hand and swung, catching the monster with the point.	He prodded into the sand--more viciously this time.	I want every man and woman on the ship to know all the facts at all times."	It's as simple as that."	Instead of the normal space boots, he put on the special metamagnetic boots for mountain climbing.	This time, the expedition would have the equipment to make the climb.	They can't talk, but they can communicate by means of nerve messages when that needle is stuck into you."	Not delirious enough to cause hallucinations, but just enough to impair your judgment."	Wayne's mouth was growing dry; his tongue felt like sandpaper.	Jervis shrugged.	The valley was dead.	"You know the schedule from now on.	"We're coming," Wayne shouted, and returned the signal.	Unlike an ordinary atomic bomb, the flare bomb would not explode violently; it simply burned, sending out a brilliant flare of deadly radiation that would crisp all life dozens of feet below the ground.	"They just laid down on the sand--and waited."	We're going back to the ship!"	As soon as the great hatch had sealed itself, the pumps started exhausting the air from the airlock.	*       *       *       *       * The briefing session broke up well past midnight, and the group that shortly would become the crew of the _Lord Nelson_ filtered out of the building and into the cool spring air.	The four men made their way toward the slope on the western side of the valley.	He grinned.	He carried them all, one by one, across the sand, burning a path before him with the needle beam.	She had her pistol out before the surprised Wayne could move.	Wayne shook his head uncertainly, wondering what had come over the mild-mannered Boggs.	Was it possible that he really _had_ gone off his rocker?	"_What's that?_" Wayne asked angrily.	Then he put his boots against the wall and began to move up the steep escarpment.	He hit him twice more and the sergeant fell down.	And at no time will more than ten percent of the ship's company be outside at any one time."	Wayne began to sweat; this pursuit seemed to be indefinitely prolonged, and it was beginning to look unlikely that he could avoid them forever.	Footsteps sounded in the corridor outside.	"You have any ideas, sir?"