There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	Swiftly, he put his hand on his rib cage and touched the firm flesh.	By the time he was forty, Andrew Hills was a U.S.	Paula's hands were resting gently on his eyes and he lifted them away.	He was fifty by the time he left Washington, but his greatest triumphs were yet to come.	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	"Andy," she breathed.	Only Paula's hands were real, solid and real and comforting against his face.	Still active and vigorous, still capable of a commanding tennis game, of a painting that set art circles gasping, he and Paula moved permanently into the house in Acapulco.	They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.	"Seems to me Doc Bernstein was in here a while ago.	His fame as an artist and tennis-champion (even at thirty-five, he was top-seeded in the Nationals) gave him an easy entree into the political melee.	He had never felt so well in his life; he was eager to put the strong springs of his muscles back into play.	The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.	By that time, Andy Hills was signing his name to the magazine covers of America's top-circulation weeklies, and they were happy to feature it.	1.E.7.	"At any rate, you're the only person in the world that can decide whether your husband receives it.	It has no curative powers.	The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	"Paula," he whispered, "say good-by to the children for me."	Royalty payments      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax      returns.	It's strange stuff, as I said, but in the light of your husband's present condition, I can tell you this--it can do him absolutely no harm."	1.E.4.	She pulled away from him and got up to stir the ashes in the fireplace.	That spring, he and Paula spent a month in Acapulco, in an enchanting home they had erected in the cool shadows of the steep mountains that faced the bay.	*       *       *       *       * Row, row, row your boat, he sang in his mind, feeling the lapping tongues of the cool lake water against his fingers, drifting, drifting, under obeisant willows.	1.E.5.	He was thirty-five when the urge struck him to rectify a sordid political situation in their town.	"It was a drug, Andy.	Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.	1.E.	Andy had always been a dedicated player, but his stiff-armed forehand and poor net game had always prevented him from being anything more than a passable amateur.	Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.	"Andy, do you know what's happened?"	Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.	It's only a game, after all."	Hills."	When he was sixty-four, Andrew Hills was elected World President, and he held the office until his voluntary retirement at seventy-five.	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	"Andy," she said quietly.	Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.	"Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.	LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.	1.C.	Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.	she said mockingly.	1.E.6.	It's a miracle!"	When she returned, her face was glowing with the heat of the fire and warmth of her news.	If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.	I have a right to know!"	Then, when we don't have to worry about creditors, I'd like to do some things on my own."	Andy, who had taken a job in a stock-brokerage house after college, and who had been bored silly with the whole business until the accident, began wondering if he could make a career on the tennis court.	Two years later, little Denise took over the hand-me-down cradle.	"There," Bernstein sighed, "is the crux of the controversy, Mrs.	Paula, a junior champion during her college years, couldn't begin to cope with him; laughingly, she gave up and watched him battle the club professional.	You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.	"Andy darling...." His hand fell across hers, the touch feeble and aged.	"For a minute there, I thought we were back at Finger Lake.	"It's rather hard to describe.	I haven't cared about anything since Andy's illness."	The office was a minor one, but he was enough of a celebrity to attract country-wide attention.	1.F.4.	In his second term, his interest in the World Organization had given him a major role in world politics.	The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	1.D.	Or was he?	- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any      money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days      of receipt of the work.	To make sure his superb playing wasn't a fluke, they returned to the club the next day.	I'd like to keep it up, maybe enter the Nationals, but that's no life for me.	"I was always pretty good, you know that.	His first exhibit evoked such a torrent of superlatives that the _New York Times_ found the reaction newsworthy enough for a box on the front page.	It provokes a dream."	An incredibly long and detailed dream, in which the patient lives an entire lifetime, and lives it just the way he would like it to be.	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	Bernstein had made the usual speech about rest, but a week after his discharge Andy and Paula were at the courts in tennis clothes.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	"Painting?	She kissed his cheek lightly.	As First Secretary of the World Council, his ability to effect a working compromise between the ideological factions was directly responsible for the establishment of the World Government.	General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works 1.A.