Obviously they were in a less respectable part of the city.	Byng and Hawkes had tried to block the doorway and they had been shot down.	But I'd guess it was some sort of gambling place."	"_Too_ big."	And in order to take the exams you have to find a sponsor who's already in the guild.	_But I don't like it_, he added silently.	The advanced stage of addiction was starting to set in.	Jesperson chuckled.	"He must be ejected.	Let's go."	And always in the front of his mind he would keep the ultimate goal, of finding a spacedrive that would propel a ship faster than the speed of light.	"Alan," he said, in a quiet voice.	I didn't have a credit to my name.	"And who are you?	Hawkes led him through a vast lobby big enough to hide the _Valhalla_ in, past throngs of Earthers, into a huge hall lined on all sides by computer banks.	"Let's get out of here," Rat said quietly.	"By asking the right questions you can find out where anybody in the world happens to be at this very moment."	"Okay," Alan said.	"Hey, boy.	But you'll have to apply for a visa if you're going to stay here more than three days."	Quantrell came up to them, and it seemed to Alan that there was something unconvincing about his broad grin.	The little extra-terrestrial was nibbling on his ear.	Alan reached the approach to the bridge in a few more brisk steps and paused there.	Seven.	The computer considered Jesperson's plea a few moments, reviewing the brief which the lawyer had taped and fed to the computer earlier.	The little man's derisive face was thrust up almost against Alan's chin.	I want to register."	His ship blasts off in a couple of days and he figures to be on it.	It was easy to say, now--the decision that had been taking vague form for several hours, and which had crystallized as he trudged across the spacefield toward the _Valhalla_.	"Eight minutes to blastoff," came the warning.	I'd like to get my hands into some of that dough myself.	How about a drink?"	Alan glanced at the stiff, erect figure of his father as they clambered out of the copter and headed at a fast clip toward the Administration Building of the Enclave.	Thanks for the help, Hinesy.	"Good.	"Right.	"In his cabin.	He's forgiven you completely," Alan lied.	After a while Captain Donnell said, "I see you're still reading that Cavour book."	He banked the copter and cut the jets; the rotors took over and gently lowered the craft to the distant landing field.	Byng leaned forward and blinked his drug-stained eyes.	First thing they'll do is kick aside all the cards of men named Steve Donnell.	The metal creature went over surprisingly easily, and thudded to the pavement with a dull clanking sound.	At last the field was cleared.	He shook his head gravely.	I can spot the symptoms.	A self-imposed ghetto.	Nothing makes money so fast as money."	With sudden alarm Alan found himself on one of the bridges linking the skyscrapers.	"Welcome, newcomers.	Steve was very pale.	East of the Mississippi, life was different; there was barely a stretch of open territory between York City and Chicago.	"I'm out of the starship _Encounter_, just back from the Aldebaran system.	"There it is," he said quietly.	Every day that goes by is just one day; objective time and subjective time are equal."	Alan balled the slimy banana peel up in his hand and rammed it suddenly into the vender's face.	I've never heard of that street.	"Some of us make out all right.	Steve can tell you lots of things.	"Go ahead and say them, then," Alan told him.	Come on inside and have a game or two, and I'll forget the whole thing.	"We won't be back from Procyon for almost twenty years, Alan.	Apparently his income from gambling was staggering; he averaged nearly a thousand credits a night, night in and night out.	I shall go to Venus--uninhabited, uninhabitable.	"There's the operating control for your bed; I'll sleep in back, where I did last night.	It's one of the few ways we can earn a living without getting a work card.	Five more numbers went by.	"Bill me?	The skill of the game comes in predicting the kind of pattern that will be the winning one.	Gainer rose.	He jumped ship in----" "Born _when_, did you say?"	But if _you're_ aboard the truck, there's no possible way of tracing your route.	Now I'm asking you to pay me back, a little.	It has cost me nearly what remains of my savings to build it, but out here I will have the solitude I need so much.	Alan looked at Hawkes in alarm.	"Then why don't you?	The vender handed the piece of fruit over and Alan accepted it.	"Go right on through the door."	Then you're in trouble."	Alan slit the fastenings, and folded back the outer wrapper.	"Then why----" He drew an envelope from his breast pocket and unfolded the papers it contained.	"I've known it to happen that the televector pattern picks up a man who's been at the bottom of the sea for five years.	"Simplest game ever devised.