I felt groggy.	"I'm a non-terrestrial.	And I am alone, bound by our sacred customs never to remarry, languishing in sadness and pining for her return.	Get out of here!	*       *       *       *       * Sitting with my hands poised near the meshgun trigger, I was ready to let him have it at the first sight of actual violence.	He made us look like fumbling amateurs, and I had been operating in this business more than fifteen years.	But get this: I just want to finish off my recruiting, pack up and go home to Earth.	You will hire me now."	I said, "I'd better tell you right at the outset that we're already carrying our full complement of Stortulians.	Suppose you fire him, take me on instead.	The small figure of the Stortulian trudged through the open doorway and stationed itself limply near the threshold.	*       *       *       *       * It isn't, but another of my principles is to refuse to be swayed by sentiment.	"Listen, Gorb, or whatever your name is, I've had a hard day.	He was dressed from head to toe in glittering metalfoil, and instead of his ceremonial blaster, he was wielding a sword the length of a human being.	I have a conscience and it's troubling me.	You cooked this whole fake suicide up in collusion with those cops."	I shuddered.	He gratefully took the stateroom we assigned him.	Nine of the fifty were okay.	He made life a lot easier for me during the six-week voyage to Earth in our specially constructed ship.	Gorb whirled angrily.	Higgins really had a way with the creatures, all right.	He spoke in a drab monotone that almost, but not quite, had me weeping.	At the key-word _avenge_, I readied myself to ensnarl the Kallerian in a spume of tanglemesh the instant he went for his blaster, but he didn't move.	"But there is the matter of the dead Kallerian and the fine of--" "--one hundred thousand dollars.	"Up to now, I've been doing my own recruiting, but only because I couldn't trust anyone else to do the job.	I mopped sweat from my forehead and began to buzz Stebbins for the next applicant.	"Wonderful!	I like to make my own decisions, thanks."	And if I know in advance that your purpose in coming isn't scientific, I can't in all conscience _lie_ for you, can I?"	I give you my word I'll get in touch with you as soon as our organization has room for another Kallerian.	My conscience won't let me really _exploit_ a being, but I don't believe in throwing money away, either.	I eyed Gorb uncertainly.	"You don't really intend to join our organization at all--you just want free passage to Earth?"	"The evidence lies before us," intoned the leader, "in the cadaver of the unfortunate Kallerian who filed the complaint with us several minutes ago."	the leader asked.	Is your heart a dead lump of stone?"	His voice was little more than a faint whimper, even at full volume.	"That's a nice trick.	"I tried to keep him out, but--" Heraal, who had planted himself in front of my desk, drowned him out with a roar.	"Get the Terran Consulate on the phone, Stebbins.	"Get out before I have you thrown out."	"Suicide is completely abhorrent to them.	"Evidently you don't know as much as you think you do about Stortulian psychology, Corrigan," Gorb said lightly.	I saw to it that I was the sole owner.	"Aren't you forgetting something, Corrigan?"	*       *       *       *       * I began to chuckle--more of a tension-relieving snicker than a full-bodied laugh.	"Your Wazzenazzian status is just a fiction cooked up to get you past the immigration authorities, Mike.	The Kallerian, still at gunpoint, hung his head in shame.	I nudged the trouble-button on the side of my desk and Auchinleck and Ludlow appeared simultaneously from the two doors at right and left.	I opened our inventory chart.	"Don't offer me more money.	In a bleak voice, he said, "There is no hope then.	I took advantage of his pathetic upset to steam right along.	Suffer!"	I just want to settle down on Earth, Jim.	The Stortulian seemed to shrivel.	He was tall and extremely thin, with pale blue eyes and dirty-blond hair, and though he was clean and reasonably well dressed, he had a shabby look about him.	All I have to do is declare it no longer of scientific interest, and the World Government will deport the undesirable alien back to its home world.	*       *       *       *       * It was the isolationism of the late 29th century that turned me into the successful proprietor of Corrigan's Institute, after some years as an impoverished carnival man in the Betelgeuse system.	"Funny," I said.	"Tell you what, Mike--I'll rip up your contract as an exhibit, and I'll give you another one as a staffman, paying twice as much.	They're gentle and likable beings, but their upkeep runs into literally tons of fresh meat a day, and not just any old kind of meat either.	I don't want you hanging around here bothering me.	Before I could react to the big life-form's hara-kiri, the office door flew open again and three sleek reptilian beings entered, garbed in the green sashes of the local police force.	"Nothing to it.	It could very well be.	He was big even for his kind--in the neighborhood of nine feet high, and getting on toward a ton.	I didn't know it then, but before the day was out, I would have that reason.	There seems to have been some error."	"But--" "I must see her--her and this disgrace-bringing lover of hers.	And I shuddered when I remembered that any minute that scrawny little Stortulian was likely to come bursting in here to kill himself too.	He's incompetent.	"I regret the incident, Earthman.	You _must_ take me to Earth!"	Gorb."	Stebbins, get me a contract form--and type in a clause requiring Heraal to perform his suicide stunt at least five but no more than eight times a week."	He toppled forward onto the carpet with the sword projecting a couple of feet out of his back.	It has to be for scientific purposes only.	And if it was, it meant I had been taken as neatly as any chump I'd ever conned.	Your job will be to roam the planets finding new material for us.	"I deeply regret having unintentionally insulted your clan, Freeman Heraal.	My last hope is gone.