Inverted then to count   “The pebbles, lo!	At length Deucalion sooths his wife with words   Of cheering import: "Right, if I divine,   "No impious deed the deity desires:   "Earth is our mighty mother, and her bones   "The stony rocks within her;--these behind   "Our backs to cast, the oracle commands."	in thy destruction join'd:   "I gave the cause, the serpent but the wound.	with magic rites their charm I'll spoil.	Whoe'er your steel prepares   “To move propitiatory with my blood,   “A victim quite untainted best must please.	“Yet dearest spouse, if thy firm-fixt resolve   “No prayers can change, and obstinate thou stand'st   “For sailing, let me also with thee go:   “Together then the buffeting we'll bear.	“First Amycus, of Ophion son, not fear'd   “To rob the sacred chambers of their spoils;   “And from its cord suspensive, tore away,   “As from the roof it hung, a glittering lamp;   “And hurl'd it, lofty-pois'd, full in the front   “Of Lapithæan Celadon.	"To speak in vain he strove, for tongue to chin,   "And chin to throat were by the javelin nail'd.	the fruits   "Thou gatherest first, are they not given to him?	What fear I more?	The prophet bids   Each mistress with her maids, to join the feast:   (Sacred the day from toil).	And thus to them, who anxious seek the cause,   Why there she journeys.	“The god commands,--the laws forbid to go:   “Death is the punishment to him decreed   “Who would his country quit.	Phœbus thus;--   “A cow, whose neck the yoke has never prest,   “Strange to the crooked plough, shall meet thy steps,   “Lone in the desert fields: the way she leads   “Chuse thou,--rand where upon the grass she rests,   “Erect thy walls;--Bœotia call the place.”   Scarce had the cave Castalian Cadmus left,   When he an heifer, gently pacing, spy'd   Untended; one whose neck no mark betray'd   Of galling service.	join'd your host   "Betray'd not by informers?	Thee, Neptune, too she painted, for the maid   Æolian, to a threatening bull transform'd.	Thither they mount,   And see with sighs the herd strew'd o'er the beach;   The monster ravaging with gory jaw,   And his long shaggy hairs in blood bedy'd.	Therses sent the gift;   Sicilian Alcon form'd it, and engrav'd   A copious tale around.	Now Theseus comes, son to his sire unknown,   Whose brave atchievements, all the two-sea'd land   In peace had settled.	High the victor sails   O'er Lybia's desarts, and the gory drops   Fall from the gorgon's head; the Ground receives   The blood, and warms it into writhing snakes.	why in fancy'd worlds   "Severe atonements?	Mutual wounds   "Shall slay the brothers.	why vainly grasp   A fleeting shadow?	"And I, like softly whispering,--bless me!--cry'd.	Beauteous the maids; in beauty equal two:   Of these Æölian Cephalus was bless'd   With thee as spouse, O, Procris!--Tereus long,   Boreas withstanding, with the power of Thrace,   Long Orithyïa, by the god belov'd,   Was lov'd in vain; while soft beseechings more   And prayers, the power to strenuous force preferr'd.	Medea's flight to     Corinth.	"Soon as this changing power the sire perceiv'd,   "The damsel oft he sold.	Near him Ampyx rear'd,   Against the brave Lyncides' breast his sword;   His uprais'd hand was harden'd; here, or there,   To wave unable.	speak;   "Nor from thy friend this cause of grief conceal:   "Faithful am I to thee."	for me,   “Blunted the ardor of the flaming bulls;   “Press'd with the yoke, their necks impatient bent,   “And dragg'd the crooked plough.	His tears the waters trouble; and the face   So beauteous, scarce is seen.	“Lo!	Troy built     by Apollo and Neptune.	if to forms like thine   “Beauty we grant.	She baneful words repeats,   "And cursing charms collects.	The Naiäd sisters wail,   Shorn of their tresses, which to him they throw:   The Dryads also mourn; their bosoms beat;   And Echo answers every tearful groan.	"Both, daughter, merit well   "The boon celestial: what thou ask'st receive,   "Since thou desir'st it, and since he deserves."	"Thrice while I clasp'd him close, Alcides strove   "To throw me from his breast, in vain,--the fourth   "He shook me from him, and my clasping arms   "Unloosing, instant turn'd me with his hand;   "(Truth must I speak,) and heavy on my back   "He hung.	First Anaphe joins him, and Astypalaea; urg'd   By promise this, and that by threats constrain'd,   Low Mycone; Cymolus' chalky fields;   Bright Cythnos; Scyros; flat Seriphus' isle;   The marble Paros; and the fort betray'd   For gold, demanded by the impious nymph   Sithonian: still for gold she anxious seeks   Though chang'd a bird; on sable pinions borne,   With sable feet, she flutters as a daw.	"My life I own thy gift, who hast me given   "To view the realms of death: who hast me brought,   "The realms of death beheld, to life again.	Mild Lucina came,   “And stood before the groaning boughs, and gave   “Assisting help, and spoke the spellful words.	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.	hence far!	"Thy funeral obsequies behold.--He said,   "And hurl'd his ashen spear with vigorous arm,   "And with a spirit not less vigorous, forth,   "Full on Demoleon: tearing through the fence   "Of his strong chest, it quiver'd in the bones.	Why not my empire and thine own   “With that complete?	"Why should I speak to thee of barbarous hordes,   "Nations which dwell at either seas' extreme?	“Yet still tradition marks the spot, the muse   “Of ancient days, still Canens call'd the place,   “In honor of the nymph, and justly too.	Mollify'd her rage,   Tears hard constrain'd flow'd from unwilling eyes.	And oft she strove   “All to confess; as oft her tongue was mute;   “And in her garments hid her blushing face.--   “Then,--happy mother in thy spouse!--she said;   “No more, but groan'd.	Then when the Greeks   Their keenly-pointed spears preparing saw   To hurl at Jason's head, low sunk their souls,   And pallid grew their cheeks; Medea ev'n,   Whose art insur'd his safety, trembling fear'd,   When single she the youth beheld assail'd   By foes in hosts; bloodless her face became,   And tremor seiz'd her limbs: then lest the herbs   Presented first, should fail in power, she sings   An helping magic song, and all her arts   Latent, calls forth.	'Neath great Jason's rule much toil   They bore ere on the oozy banks they stay'd   Of rapid Phasis.	what wars   "Of fierce encounter made him known to thee?	His better part remain'd.	“Ulysses' clamor near your ship destroy'd.	“For Helicé or Buris should you seek,   “Achaïan towns, o'erwhelm'd beneath the waves   “You'll find them: boatmen oft are wont to shew   “The tottering cities, and their walls immers'd.	With words like these did troubled Venus move   Each power of heaven, in vain; yet all were touch'd,   And, though the stern decrees of rigid fate   To break unable, tokens plain they gave,   That some immense calamity was nigh.	Unconscious, twice   "The spot he compass'd, where Diana thought   "My safety surest; twice he then aloud   "Ho!	“Then let him perish; since the numerous train   “Of slaughter'd lovers warns him not: he spurns   “An hated life.	that an alter'd name might join   "Us closely; that thy sire a sire-in-law   "To me might be: O, Caunus, how I'd joy   "Wert thou not son, but son-in-law to mine.	Why else my sire's commands   "So harsh appear?	But now Alcmena, worn with constant cares,   In Argolis, to Iölé confides   Her aged plaints, to her the labors tells   Her son atchiev'd, o'er all the wide world known;   And her own griefs beside.	Iphis pursues   His mother with a step more large than wont:   The snow-like whiteness quits his face; his strength   Increases; fiercer frowns his forehead wears:   Shorten'd his uncomb'd locks: more vigor now   Than as a nymph he felt.	Am I lov'd   "Most dearly farthest absent?	On she flies, to right she leaves   Cythnos, and Gyaros; and cross the main   The shortest route she hastens; speeds to Thebes,   And seeks the Heliconian nymphs, whose mount   Alighting feels her first: the learned nine,   Thus she bespeaks;--"fame tells, a new-made spring,   "Burst from a blow the swift-wing'd horse's hoof   "Inflicted; lo!	A little pool, bent in a gentle curve,   With peaceful surface oft did Scylla tempt;   And often thither she herself betook   To 'scape from ocean's, and from Phoebus' heat,   When high in noon-tide fierceness short the shade   Was from the head describ'd.	“Why still delay I?	Song of the Muses.	*     Trial of skill betwixt Pallas and Arachné.	“This harlot will I find,--and, if with truth   “They potent Juno stile me, she shall die.	Pale, thou, O Byblis!	"Safe, they nor fear the clashing of the sky,   "Nor rage of thunder, nor of ruin aught.	Torne   Rough from his mother's bosom, round in air   And round, sling-like he whirl'd; then savage dash'd   Upon a rugged rock the tender bones.	"I saw, if fear deceiv'd me not, far spread   "His shade before me.	"Has e'er the beauteous Dejanira's name   "Reach'd to your ears?	Better I   “An exile roam for life, than monarch rule   “The Capitol.” Then he assembled straight   The reverend senate, and the people round:   But first with peaceful laurel veil'd his horns:   Then on a mound, there by the soldiers rais'd,   He stood; and pray'd in ancient mode to heaven.	“The wretched culprit lifts his eyes and hands   “To heaven, exclaiming;--Thou whose toils twice six   “Have given thee claim to glory, lend thy aid;   “Thou art the cause that I offence have given.--   “Sentence in old, by stones of white and black   “Was shewn: by these th' accus'd was clear'd, by those   “Condemn'd.	"The charge to keep, three sister-maids she chose,   "Daughters of Cecrops double-form'd, but close,   "Conceal'd what lodg'd within; and strict forbade   "All prying, that her secret safe might rest.	"These boasting words to the resounding air   "Brave issuing--Caenis, shall I bear thee so?	Thus far the crowd;--and then lamenting turn   To present griefs:--Amphion's race extinct,   Unanimous they wail; but hated still   Remains the mother's pride.	So when the floods   Of seven-mouth'd Nile desert the moisten'd fields,   And to their ancient channels bring their streams,   The soft mud fries beneath the scorching sun;   And midst the fresh-turn'd earth unnumber'd forms   The tiller finds: some scarcely half conceiv'd;   Imperfect some, their bodies wanting limbs:   And oft he beings sees with parts alive,   The rest a clod of earth: for where with heat   Due moisture kindly mixes, life will spring:   From these in concord all things are produc'd.	"Thee, goddess, once I saw; and with thee all   "Those images beheld; them all I know:   "Thy train, thy torches, and thy timbrels loud.	Fly this hateful gloom;--   “Up to the wholesome breeze of heaven repair.”   Glad, Juno left the spot;--when near approach'd   Heaven's entrance, there Thaumantian Iris met,   And with her sprinklings purify'd the queen.	"But some light gods, not blaming much the sight,   "Would wish thus sham'd to lie: loud laugh'd the whole,   "And long in heaven the tale jocose was told.