Sir!	Though little given to care and thought,   Yet, so it was, a ewe I bought;   And other sheep from her I raised,   As healthy sheep as you might see,   And then I married, and was rich   As I could wish to be;   Of sheep I numbered a full score,   And every year increas'd my store.	Had heard of Simon Lee;   His master's dead, and no one now   Dwells in the hall of Ivor;   Men, dogs, and horses, all are dead;   He is the sole survivor.	where's my Johnny?"	whom I love so well.	said   The Doctor, looking somewhat grim,   "What, woman!	"I fear thee, ancient Mariner!"	_LINES   Written at a small distance from my House, and sent by   my little boy to the person to whom they are addressed._   It is the first mild day of March:   Each minute sweeter than before,   The red-breast sings from the tall larch   That stands beside our door.	We drifted o'er the Harbour-bar,     And I with sobs did pray--   "O let me be awake, my God!	Now would you see this aged thorn,   This pond and beauteous hill of moss,   You must take care and chuse your time   The mountain when to cross.	Dread not their taunts, my little life!	Is this the only cure?	X.	XVI.	But would my limits have permitted me to point out how this pleasure is produced, I might have removed many obstacles, and assisted my Reader in perceiving that the powers of language are not so limited as he may suppose; and that it is possible that poetry may give other enjoyments, of a purer, more lasting, and more exquisite nature.	Oh woe is me!	All perished--all, in one remorseless year,   Husband and children!	_LINES    Written in early Spring_.	Well, he brought him home,   And reared him at the then Lord Velez' cost.	You would have said, if you had met her,   'Twas a hard time for Goody Blake.	"The eye it cannot chuse but see,   We cannot bid the ear be still;   Our bodies feel, where'er they be,   Against, or with our will."	on that woful day   A cruel, cruel fire, they say,   Into her bones was sent:   It dried her body like a cinder,   And almost turn'd her brain to tinder.	as we float along,   For him suspend the dashing oar,   And pray that never child of Song   May know his freezing sorrows more.	The Bride hath pac'd into the Hall,     Red as a rose is she;   Nodding their heads before her goes     The merry Minstralsy.	Merciful God!	how still!	Of olive green and scarlet bright,   In spikes, in branches, and in stars,   Green, red, and pearly white.	And fiercely by the arm he took her,   And by the arm he held her fast,   And fiercely by the arm he shook her,   And cried, "I've caught you then at last!"	Poor Betty!	At length did cross an Albatross,     Thorough the Fog it came;   As if it had been a Christian Soul,     We hail'd it in God's name.	My lips were wet, my throat was cold,     My garments all were dank;   Sure I had drunken in my dreams     And still my body drank.	But then there came a sight of joy;   It came at once to do me good;   I waked, and saw my little boy,   My little boy of flesh and blood;   Oh joy for me that sight to see!	_The MAD MOTHER_.	And hark!	"Why this is strange," said I.	Beneath the moon that shines so bright,   Till she is tired, let Betty Foy   With girt and stirrup fiddle-faddle;   But wherefore set upon a saddle   Him whom she loves, her idiot boy?	Alas!	Thou art thy mother's only joy;   And do not dread the waves below,   When o'er the sea-rock's edge we go;   The high crag cannot work me harm,   Nor leaping torrents when they howl;   The babe I carry on my arm,   He saves for me my precious soul;   Then happy lie, for blest am I;   Without me my sweet babe would die.	And once, as by the north side of the Chapel   They stood together, chained in deep discourse,   The earth heaved under them with such a groan,   That the wall tottered, and had well-nigh fallen   Right on their heads.	you might have dragged me on   Another day, a single one!	Tis the merry Nightingale   That crowds, and hurries, and precipitates   With fast thick warble his delicious notes,   As he were fearful, that an April night   Would be too short for him to utter forth   Hi?	And now there came both Mist and Snow,     And it grew wond'rous cold;   And Ice mast-high came floating by     As green as Emerald.	No man like him the horn could sound,   And no man was so full of glee;   To say the least, four counties round.	Suck, little babe, oh suck again!	I struck, and with a single blow   The tangled root I sever'd,   At which the poor old man so long   And vainly had endeavoured.	She loves me best, whene'er I sing     The Songs, that make her grieve.	I know that nothing would have so effectually contributed to further the end which I have in view as to have shewn of what kind the pleasure is, and how the pleasure is produced which is confessedly produced by metrical composition essentially different from what I have here endeavoured to recommend; for the Reader will say that he has been pleased by such composition and what can I do more for him?	And they had fix'd the wedding-day,   The morning that must wed them both;   But Stephen to another maid   Had sworn another oath;   And with this other maid to church   Unthinking Stephen went--   Poor Martha!	This is the process of our love and wisdom   To each poor brother who offends against us--   Most innocent, perhaps--and what if guilty?	His heart it was so full of glee,   That till full fifty yards were gone,   He quite forgot his holly whip,   And all his skill in horsemanship,   Oh!	Her eyes are wild, her head is bare,   The sun has burnt her coal-black hair,   Her eye-brows have a rusty stain,   And she came far from over the main.	In high and low, above, below,   In great and small, in round and square,   In tree and tower was Johnny seen,   In bush and brake, in black and green,   'Twas Johnny, Johnny, every where.	as I live.	that day for Harry Gill!	Down dropt the breeze, the Sails dropt down,     'Twas sad as sad could be   And we did speak only to break     The silence of the Sea.	He holds him with his glittering eye--     The wedding guest stood still   And listens like a three year's child;     The Mariner hath his will.	The pains and plagues that on our heads came down;   Disease and famine, agony and fear,   In wood or wilderness, in camp or town,   It would thy brain unsettle even to hear.	She took the reins, when this was said,   And gently turned the pony's head   From the loud water-fall.	_Her_ lips were red, _her_ looks were free,     _Her_ locks were yellow as gold:   Her skin was as white as leprosy,   And she was far liker Death than he;     Her flesh made the still air cold.	All lovely colours there you see,   All colours that were ever seen,   And mossy network too is there,   As if by hand of lady fair   The work had woven been,   And cups, the darlings of the eye,   So deep is their vermillion dye.	My poor forsaken child!	For oft there sits, between the heap   That's like an infant's grave in size   And that same pond of which I spoke,   A woman in a scarlet cloak,   And to herself she cries,   "Oh misery!	And thro' the drifts the snowy clifts     Did send a dismal sheen;   Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken--     The Ice was all between.	I heard a thousand blended notes,   While in a grove I sate reclined,   In that sweet mood when pleasant thoughts   Bring sad thoughts to the mind.	He has no son, he has no child,   His wife, an aged woman,   Lives with him, near the waterfall,   Upon the village common.	Quoth she, and whistled thrice.	And can ye thus unfriended leave me?	But soon there breath'd a wind on me,     Nor sound nor motion made:   Its path was not upon the sea     In ripple or in shade.	and so his song   Should make all nature lovelier, and itself   Be lov'd, like nature!--But 'twill not be so;   And youths and maidens most poetical   Who lose the deep'ning twilights of the spring   In ball-rooms and hot theatres, they still   Full of meek sympathy must heave their sighs   O'er Philomela's pity-pleading strains.	How common is it to hear a person say, "I myself do not object to this style of composition or this or that expression, but to such and such classes of people it will appear mean or ludicrous."	Oh wind that o'er my head art flying,   The way my friends their course did bend,   I should not feel the pain of dying,   Could I with thee a message send.	Remembrance!	She's past the bridge that's in the dale,   And now the thought torments her sore,   Johnny perhaps his horse forsook,   To hunt the moon that's in the brook,   And never will be heard of more.	And savage faces, at the clanking hour,   Seen through the steams and vapour of his dungeon,   By the lamp's dismal twilight!	And some in dreams assured were     Of the Spirit that plagued us so:   Nine fathom deep he had follow'd us     From the Land of Mist and Snow.	And Betty o'er and o'er has told   The boy who is her best delight,   Both what to follow, what to shun,   What do, and what to leave undone,   How turn to left, and how to right.	they gave thee to another,   A woman who was not thy mother.	rest.	At morn my sick heart hunger scarcely stung,   Nor to the beggar's language could I frame my tongue.	But Betty, poor good woman!	they for joy did grin   And all at once their breath drew in     As they were drinking all.	more high, more high,     Or we shall be belated:   For slow and slow that ship will go,     When the Mariner's trance is abated."	If I these thoughts may not prevent,   If such be of my creed the plan,   Have I not reason to lament   What man has made of man?