Consider the hot burning dungeon thou art preparing for thyself to all Eternity, to which thou art going in such career."	The cistern contains, the fountain overflows.	YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.	The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	But now we have seen my eternal lot, shall I show you yours?"	All wholesome food is caught without a net or a trap.	Albion's coast is sick silent; the American meadows faint.	Isaiah answered: "I saw no God, nor heard any, in a finite organical perception: but my senses discovered the infinite in everything; and as I was then persuaded, and remained confirmed, that the voice of honest indignation is the voice of God, I cared not for consequences, but wrote."	A SONG OF LIBERTY 1.	We of Israel taught that the Poetic Genius (as you now call it) was the first principle, and all the others merely derivative, which was the cause of our despising the Priests and Philosophers of other countries, and prophesying that all Gods would at last be proved to originate in ours, and to be the tributaries of the Poetic Genius.	"A man carried a monkey about for a show, and because he was a little wiser than the monkey, grew vain, and conceived himself as much wiser than seven men.	This the North American tribes practise.	"Have now another plain fact: any man of mechanical talents may from the writings of Paracelsus or Jacob Behmen produce ten thousand volumes of equal value with Swedenborg's, and from those of Dante or Shakespeare an infinite number.	The cut worm forgives the plough.	The apple tree never asks the beech how he shall grow, nor the lion the horse how he shall take his prey.	O Jew, leave counting gold; return to thy oil and wine!	Damn braces; bless relaxes.	13.	And at length they pronounced that the Gods had ordered such things.	He who has suffered you to impose on him knows you.	A MEMORABLE FANCY Once I saw a Devil in a flame of fire, who arose before an Angel that sat on a cloud, and the Devil uttered these words: "The worship of God is, honouring His gifts in other men each according to his genius, and loving the greatest men best.	You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.	CHORUS Let the Priests of the Raven of Dawn, no longer in deadly black, with hoarse note curse the Sons of Joy.	Bring out number, weight, and measure in a year of dearth.	The rat, the mouse, the fox, the rabbit watch the roots; the lion, the tiger, the horse, the elephant watch the fruits.	1.E.6.	Nor pale religious lechery call that virginity that wishes, but acts not!	Where the Son of Fire in his Eastern cloud, while the Morning plumes her golden breast, 20.	"Here," said I, "is your lot; in this space, if space it may be called."	Expect poison from the standing water.	You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	Spurning the clouds written with curses, stamps the stony law to dust, loosing the eternal horses from the dens of night, crying: "Empire is no more!	Truth can never be told so as to be understood and not to be believed.	In her trembling hands she took the new-born terror, howling.	_Note._--The reason Milton wrote in fetters when he wrote of Angels and God, and at liberty when of Devils and Hell, is because he was a true poet, and of the Devil's party without knowing it.	From these opinions the vulgar came to think that all nations would at last be subject to the Jews.	Now hear another: he has written all the old falsehoods.	What is now proved was once only imagined.	I answered: "All that we saw was owing to your metaphysics; for when you ran away, I found myself on a bank by moonlight, hearing a harper.	A MEMORABLE FANCY As I was walking among the fires of Hell, delighted with the enjoyments of Genius, which to Angels look like torment and insanity, I collected some of their proverbs, thinking that as the sayings used in a nation mark its character, so the proverbs of Hell show the nature of infernal wisdom better than any description of buildings or garments.	Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.	murder those who were murdered because of Him?	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	So I remained with him sitting in the twisted root of an oak; he was suspended in a fungus, which hung with the head downward into the deep.	Did He not mock at the Sabbath, and so mock the Sabbath's God?	If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.	But the Prolific would cease to be prolific unless the Devourer as a sea received the excess of his delights.	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	Thus men forgot that all deities reside in the human breast.	and is not He visible in Jesus Christ?	"Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.	16.	Drive your cart and your plough over the bones of the dead.	So he took me through a stable, and through a church, and down into the church vault, at the end of which was a mill; through the mill we went, and came to a cave; down the winding cavern we groped our tedious way, till a void boundless as a nether sky appeared beneath us, and we held by the roots of trees, and hung over this immensity; but I said: "If you please, we will commit ourselves to this void, and see whether Providence is here also; if you will not, I will."	Prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of religion.	PROVERBS OF HELL In seed-time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.	Sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires.	Here I stayed to rest, and then leaped into the void between Saturn and the fixed stars.	The pride of the peacock is the glory of God.	I tell you, no virtue can exist without breaking these ten commandments.	For everything that lives is holy.	*       *       *       *       * "I have always found that Angels have the vanity to speak of themselves as the only wise; this they do with a confident insolence sprouting from systematic reasoning.	He who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence.	There they were received by men who occupied the sixth chamber, and took the forms of books, and were arranged in libraries.	Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.	But in Milton, the Father is Destiny, the Son a ratio of the five senses, and the Holy Ghost vacuum!	If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	"Thus Swedenborg's writings are a recapitulation of all superficial opinions, and an analysis of the more sublime, but no further.	He replied: "All poets believe that it does, and in ages of imagination this firm persuasion removed mountains; but many are not capable of a firm persuasion of anything."	These two classes of men are always upon earth, and they should be enemies: whoever tries to reconcile them seeks to destroy existence.	However, I saw that they sometimes grew numerous, and then the weak were caught by the strong, and with a grinning aspect, first coupled with and then devoured by plucking off first one limb and then another till the body was left a helpless trunk; this, after grinning and kissing it with seeming fondness, they devoured too.	I answered: "We impose on one another, and it is but lost time to converse with you whose works are only Analytics."	- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.	The most sublime act is to set another before you.	The wrath of the lion is the wisdom of God.	The fox provides for himself, but God provides for the lion.	The crow wished everything was black; the owl that everything was white.	covet when He prayed for His disciples, and when He bid them shake off the dust of their feet against such as refused to lodge them?	It was this that our great poet King David desired so fervently, and invokes so pathetically, saying by this he conquers enemies and governs kingdoms; and we so loved our God that we cursed in His name all the deities of surrounding nations, and asserted that they had rebelled.	In the fourth chamber were lions of flaming fire raging around and melting the metals into living fluids.	Prudence is a rich ugly old maid courted by Incapacity.