"Everybody took it for granted that we wanted all murder stopped.	And, of course, certain machines were living.	The watchbirds tried to guard their other charges.	"Haven't we learned yet?"	New information had crossed the invisible network that connected all watchbirds.	"I've been thinking of getting out of watchbird."	He still wasn't thinking of anything as he took aim ... And was knocked off his feet.	New acts to stop._ "Damn you, git going!"	He leaned back and inhaled deeply.	Slaughterhouses in Chicago stopped and cattle starved to death in their pens, because farmers in the Midwest couldn't cut hay or harvest grain.	It responded to its stimuli, whenever they came and whatever their source.	The intercom buzzed again, and Gelsen irritably punched a button.	They won't allow farmers to break ground for plowing.	"We must hurry."	"And you tell me they'll wear out in six months or a year.	With their high speed and superfast senses, the watchbirds got around quickly.	Hunters sat home, glaring at the silver dots in the sky, longing to shoot them down.	"But, still, sometimes I feel like the man who invented dynamite.	Greco thought he had been shot.	Gelsen walked out of the room alone.	"What would you suggest?"	Two, murder may be defined as an act of violence, consisting of breaking, mangling, maltreating or otherwise stopping the functions of a living organism by a living organism.	"Nope."	"How soon?"	"You lousy hunk of pigmeal, git going!"	The surgeon stood by helplessly while his patient died.	The horse balked, and the wagon rattled and shook as he edged sideways.	He had been driving for seven straight hours and his eyes were starting to fog.	He had been one of the consulting engineers on the original watchbird.	Dinelli was so intent he didn't see the watchbird coming.	Lightning which anticipated your moves and punished your intentions.	"Of course it will work.	"I don't know.	"You have to have those," Macintyre said patiently, as though explaining the whole thing to a ten-year-old.	"I still feel morally responsible because I manufacture them."	Start again.	"Then no one arrests him?"	"Take my word, Captain.	"That's ridiculous.	"There is no time."	Parks and playgrounds were not places to shun after dusk.	If A doesn't work, try B.	_The breaking, mangling or otherwise stopping the functions of a living organism by a living organism.	"Murder must be stopped, too.	He started toward the door, then turned for a parting shot.	"I don't mean that," Gelsen said.	"Well, I figured out where the trouble is," Macintyre said gloomily, with the air of a man who knows just how he blew up the Earth--after it was too late.	To them, murder was murder.	And when they reach him, they give him a powerful shock or something.	Macintyre wasn't listening.	And, of course, everything else is a living organism--rabbits, beetles, flies, wolves, mosquitoes, lions, crocodiles, crows, and smaller forms of life such as bacteria."	Gelsen hadn't realized it until that moment.	To stop murder ... Metal and electrons reason well, but not in a human fashion.	Greco waited patiently.	The watchbirds must be stopped at once!"	The captain nodded.	I suggest you control yourself."	He put down the telephone.	"I mean do you figure there might be some danger in machine thinking?"	*       *       *       *       * The nurse handed the surgeon the sponge.	"Famine.	We'll have to turn them off then, one by one."	the grocer asked, staring at the stunned thief.	This control was spasmodic, because of the fewness of the watchbirds.	And then something happened!	*       *       *       *       * With his free hand, Gelsen mopped perspiration from his face.	"Rob me?	You shouldn't fear them, either."	Officer Celtrics said.	But the watchbird had a stronger order to obey--preservation of life, including its own.	Roger Greco leaned against a building, his hands in his pockets.	"Telephone the watchbird company!"	*       *       *       *       * Gelsen felt annoyed at Macintyre, and even more annoyed at himself for being ridiculous.	A correlation center tested it, matching it with electrical and chemical data in its memory files.	"Wait a minute," Gelsen said.	Simple logic.	It didn't excite him or sicken him.	Say a year, barring accidents."	"What in hell?"	Then he telephoned the police.	In a corner of the repair room lay the senior control engineer.	This time he lay on the ground, trying to draw a bead.	In order to stop all of them, the watchbird has to search out new definitions of murder and correlate them with what it already knows."