Why, when eighteen gather, is another produced?"	"I will," Lek said.	"We have continued in ignorance too long.	One of his little stepping-stones flared at the sound, then faded back to its usual intensity.	"Why are we short here," one asked, "And long over there?	What the mound was for, no one knew.	"They can't be," Morran said.	Everyone had heard of the Answerer, built by a race not unlike themselves, now long departed.	"Where am I?"	"I go!"	"You can do better than that.	He turned to Answerer.	Occasionally he mumbled the answers to himself.	"Suppose you were to ask, 'Why was I born under the constellation Scorpio, in conjunction with Saturn?'	"We'll find out," Morran murmured.	Lek strode off, leaping from star to star.	But the explanation was concealed in a greater explanation.	"I don't believe that.	"Our lives are governed by the rule of eighteen.	They knew that the knowledge was important.	By 'life,' the Questioner is referring to a partial phenomenon, inexplicable except in terms of its whole."	Answerer knew all things.	Why is this so?"	He wasn't supposed to.	"I can answer any valid question concerning the nature of things."	A physicist, Morran had many questions to ask Answerer.	"Physics, biology--" "Partial truths," Lingman said, with a great weariness in his voice.	Why are the stars cold?"	"We must go to the Answerer."	Lek shouted, in the vernacular of decision-to-fact.	The truth will be like nothing we have imagined."	Stone steps to a courtyard.	"Can you tell us _anything_?"	A path, leading to stone steps.	Morran invented a classification for it, but it didn't matter.	Shivering in the cold glare of the stars, they gazed up at the massiveness of Answerer.	"Why," another asked, "Is there a rule of eighteen?	Silence.	"I think I know what he means," Lingman said sadly.	The proper questions.	How to tell a blind man the sensation of green?	Answerer contented himself with muttering the answers to himself.	"Right," Morran said.	To them, Answerer looked like a white screen set in a wall.	Answerer," Lingman said, in his thin little voice, "What is life?"	Moodily he stared at the tremendous spread of an icy star, then he too vanished.	We must know the true nature of purple, and its meaning in the scheme of things.	Lingman sat down on the ground, leaning against a stone wall.	"Let's get on," Lingman said.	The expanding universe; the binding force of atomic nuclei; novae and supernovae; planetary formation; red shift, relativity and a thousand others.	his brothers shouted back, in the jargon of greatest-friendship.	"Well, well."	"Of what is life a part?"	He lifted Answerer in his hand and looked at him.	Answerer didn't try.	*       *       *       *       * After a particularly-long period of hunting purple, Lek and his friends gathered to talk.	"I see," Morran said slowly.	"But the rule of the simplest hypothesis--" "It's only a theory," Lingman said.	No one could answer.	For they had heard the legends, knew the tales.	We must know why it governs our lives."	"And we must find out," cried another, "Why all places are different, although there is no distance."	Can you tell me the real meaning of this?"	"I invoke the rule of eighteen," cried one.	Morran asked.	That left seventeen.	Now it was time to know the ultimate answers to the universe--what purple was, and what the mound was for.	Lek viewed things through his specialized eyes, extracted a part of the truth and refused to see more.	"He can't answer questions in terms of our assumptions."	And the mound?	"Do you know," Lek said, "I think I'll hunt up this Answerer."	Morran was unable to draw any more from Answerer.	Universe, as the Questioner views it, is an illusory concept."	"Anthropomorphisms may be classified, tentatively, as, A, false truths, or B, partial truths in terms of a partial situation."	"Is the universe expanding?"	"We must go to the Answerer," one cried.	"Your question is without meaning," Answerer said.	And eighteen of them vanished.	*       *       *       *       * "We made it," Morran said.	*       *       *       *       * "Those old legends are true," Morran gasped.	The purpose of my kind is to gather purple, and to build a mound of it.	*       *       *       *       * Answerer knew.	Slowly, they were building a huge mound of it.