"I'm not afraid of dying.	"What can we do?"	"Too busy counting my fortune."	But let me point out that you would be leaving all Venus without a postman.	Kirk had it in '89, ordered up big and special just for him.	"Huh?"	Morrison signed off.	He held the telephone close to the ground.	"Here," Morrison said, handing the robot a piece of goldenstone worth about five thousand dollars in the rough.	"I can't ask Max for help," Morrison decided.	*       *       *       *       * He picked up a pebble.	On the sixth day, he sensed movement just out of the range of his vision.	*       *       *       *       * Gripping the canteen in both hands, Morrison watched as the water, 'ported four thousand miles from Venusborg, appeared as a slender crystal stream above the mouth of his canteen.	The solution foamed green.	"What?"	Morrison asked.	Morrison stared at him blankly, and saw beyond him the waiting wolfpack.	He didn't sleep, but he couldn't stay awake, either.	*       *       *       *       * The robot's eyecells became distant with memory.	The best I can wish you is a speedy and painless departure."	If it's rich enough, you're all set."	Something must be wrong with their diet.	Take a look."	"I can't.	Thanks for remembering, Janie."	The sandwolves were outside, sniffing and snapping their jaws.	Morrison said.	They drove the big creature upstairs into the cloud bank.	That was certain.	"I went over a dune and blew out two tires."	"But some get through, don't they?"	And you could never reach it without the resources of a machine shop."	"Are you sure?"	That is a criminal offense."	Reason I called--" "Hey," Eddie said, "what happened to your face?"	"Unrepairable," said Eddie.	"You were perfectly right," Morrison said.	Morrison sat down and shook his last canteen.	*       *       *       *       * Venus's own brand of wolf, small, lean, with a yellow coat and long, grinning jaws, it was one of the few mammals that made its home in the Scorpion Desert.	asked Williams 4, the postman.	Then a flock of small flying scorpions sighted the waiting kite.	"Of course," Morrison said, feeling his smile grow stiff.	Overhead, a delta-winged kite found him.	He'll probably want fifty per cent of the claim."	And get Jim Remstaater out of trouble, too."	Eddie, I know it's a lot to ask, but if you could stake me to a couple of tires--" "I can't do it," Eddie said.	The robot climbed out of the vortex and looked around.	Whirling around, he saw a huge old wolf in full charge.	"I can and must," Williams 4 said sadly.	He examined the outcropping again and found a hairline fault running along one edge.	And nothing else but water, all the water he could carry.	In all that desert, there wasn't one patch of green.	The narrow crevice into which he had fallen ran straight for about twenty yards, then curved to the left.	And fell over the edge of a little cliff.	He could tell he was in a badly dehydrated state.	It still looked like goldenstone.	Max could barely scrape up his own rent, much less take care of stranded prospectors.	"No, it's just the high cost of credit on Venus," Krandall answered.	"Can you at least carry a letter for me?	"I do.	"Could be," said Morrison.	"It may well be," Williams 4 said.	"You have an emergency telephone, haven't you?"	"Sure they do," the robot said.	The sandwolves were tracking him still, and his water was almost gone.	Morrison realized that tomorrow might be his last birthday unless he found goldenstone.	Williams 4 said.	The telephone had to go with him, and his lightweight testing kit.	And other men had had it too, as they sat on their precious goldenstone claims.	That evening he found a shallow cave set into the base of a cliff.	"No false alarms, no visions, no wild hopes.	"Not me," Morrison said.	"They would indeed," said the robot.	Grinning, he said, "I don't even have time to dry off before I have to go out again."	And now look!"	The robot moved its head quickly, dodging the blow.	He fired again, and his bullet richocheted off the cave wall, stinging him with stone splinters.	*       *       *       *       * Frantically, Morrison tried to reach the operator.	He sank to his knees.	I can even lend you pencil and paper."	"This sort of thing happens to prospectors every day.	He loosened the revolver in its holster.	"Yes, of course," Morrison said wearily.