Have you been here long?	Really, there isn't as much to that kind of thing as you men want to make out--when it happens to one of us, that is to say.	And don't you ever think of that shrine of the Holy Virgin, on the hill where we were caught by the storm?...	SALA Exaggerations.	AMADEUS He is a nobleman.	But why make difficulties that could be avoided by a little good-will?	Don't let us talk of it.... (_Pause_) Tell me, won't you stay for lunch?	In spite of this I feel actually in much better spirits than I have done for a long time.	AMADEUS Are you going, Cecilia?	AMADEUS I'm listening.	I haven't been waiting.	That these plays, like "Hours of Life" and "Literature," are expressive of the inner conflict raging for years within the playwright's own soul, I take for granted.	ALBERT A little more tranquillity would produce a decision to avoid anything that might endanger an assured happiness.	CECILIA Don't look at me like that!...	PHILIP Oh, lilacs, of course.	And there is something more I am compelled to tell you.	I was ready to face everything--with joy and pride.	(_He strikes the first chord_) Please don't put a lot of sentimentality into the opening words.	How can he or anybody else help you?...	But to-day everything has a different look--fame, and death, and love, and the wide world.	Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.	JOHANNA And you have wanted it so badly.... (_Pointing to his uniform_) Now you've got it.	She comes in with a smile and nods in a friendly manner to Sala.	Or have you not?	Because you are in love with me.	AMADEUS (_as if meaning no offense_) Well, it rather surprises me that he should connect our respective personalities to that extent.	FELIX (_having first shaken his head slightly_) Nothing but imagination, Johanna--I am sure.--But now I want to.... (_Turning toward the house_) Papa hasn't come home yet?	And I do fear there is something in the air.	FELIX Do you think that she is still alive?	And how about you?	They descend the steps slowly._ SALA I think you'll find it rather cool.	And.... (_She is unable to go on; silence follows_) JULIAN (_softly_) You shouldn't talk yourself into such a state, Irene.	(_They shake hands_) And as long as you remain in Vienna, I shall see you here quite often, I trust.	JULIAN (_smiling_) Do you still have the same antipathy for him?	JOHANNA Good evening, Mr. von Sala.	You make the trip with me.	The day after to-morrow I shall be gone--stay!	ALBERT Oh, when it comes to that, my dear fellow--fate always regards itself challenged--by doubt no less than by confidence.	For you have never really loved anybody in this world.	Glad you came.	ALBERT You don't mean...?!	But I do want a cup of tea.	It was lying in an open drawer in her writing desk--with others.	PROFESSOR Do you?--Well, you look rather pale, Maria.	The matter has been settled in the most chivalrous manner possible.--Well?...	[7] The great-grandfather of Wasner was in the cab business in his days already.--My, but that's beautiful!	FREDERIQUE Call me Frederique, and not Countess, when you are working with me.	SALA Of all this you are aware in advance, and yet...?	PRINCE Oh, I see.	AMADEUS You might have kept that in mind before.	Because, you see, I know you now.	MIZZIE And forever.	PHILIP Yes, I have to beg your pardon.	What did he tell you?--Johanna...!	It is noticeable in this play, as in others written by Schnitzler, that the attitude of the women is more sensible and tolerant than that of the men.	1.E.5.	A woman like her....	JOHANNA No, indeed--bear that in mind.	SALA Why does that move you so deeply?	AMADEUS (_laughing_) Rumors to that effect are afloat.	REUMANN We agreed to meet here again at ten.	VALET And when is the carriage to be ready, Your Grace?	Cecilia has never thought of it!	A similar idea has been charmingly expressed by Hugo von Hofmannsthal in the poem he wrote in 1892--when he was still using the pseudonym of "Loris"--as introduction to "Anatol."	And to sneak her in here some time when Mizzie was not at home--well, for that kind of thing I have never had any taste.	On the mantelshelf stands a French clock of simple design.	CECILIA Everything in due time.... Just now let us have one of those songs at least.... Oh, that one...?	JOHANNA And Lillie--the same year?	That she has succeeded.	JOHANNA To me it was already standing there.	AMADEUS (_putting his arms about her_) I now bid good-by to my beloved.	SIGISMUND ... and tell her, please, that she mustn't be angry with me for having taken such a step without her knowledge.	A semi-circular stone seat with back support stands under the trees to the right of the pool.	FELIX Father!	(_Abruptly_) I'll leave this very evening--not to-morrow.	Do I look it?	Then we might settle the matter.	To put it plainly: no people, no manager, no public, no colleagues, no playwrights--though, of course, all are not as arrogant as your precious Sala.--Well, all this I have attained at last.	AMADEUS Yes, you have had your supper already--all of you, or "everybody," as you put it a while ago.	Until to-morrow, Amadeus.	We have to struggle to keep our children almost from the very moment they arrive--and the struggle is a pretty hopeless one at that.	CECILIA That's what we have been talking of all the time, I suppose.	Only once did we talk of the past--she without reproach, and I without regret: as if the whole story had happened to somebody else.