He did not agree just then that it was the best, but, on looking back afterward, he wondered at his own stupidity.	“I was just coming up from the spring,” Dick recounted as between them they led the cow homeward, “when I heard Nicholas bark, so I ran around the corner of the cabin and there she was, just going over the hill a quarter of a mile away.	It was the boy, Shokatan, carrying Hugh’s pack which he had left beside the fire.	He went out to feed Hulda, slamming the door smartly behind him and never looking at Oscar, who was still in sight, trudging along the open ridge above the valley.	When they set out again next day, Oscar gave his directions without any added warning that this time Hugh had better not improve upon them with additions of his own.	Five hundred dollars I would ’a’ got for them, just that little bale, not a cent less—and when I come to myself again every hide and hair of them was gone!” “And you can’t tell who took them?” questioned one of his audience.	“You see it was Jake who had commenced to make trouble.	So they doubted and hesitated and finally lost heart.	The sight of food when one is nearly starved has sometimes a strange and disquieting effect.	The mild Hulda, now thoroughly alarmed, came down the hill with a blind rush, blundered against him and rolled him head over heels.	That makes all the difference in the world.” “Why, I don’t know,” stammered Hugh; “just footprints of some big animal.	“We can get pretty hungry, though,” observed Hugh grimly as he saw Nicholas disposing of his share in three laps and then looking up to beg mutely for more.	“I will go back just the way I came,” was his first plan, but it proved impossible to follow.	He looked at the wide valley brimming with sunshine and abundant fertility, and thought of what a gift it might offer to famine-stricken France as she cried to America for aid.	Nicholas ran to him and began licking the thin hand that hung limply over the arm of the chair.	Nicholas would not trust their way of crossing, but swam over, with much difficulty, and was waiting for them on the other shore.	A lot of good I did by going!” “The thing now,” said Hugh, “is to get your brother away as quickly as we can.	After rubbing the drowsiness from his eyes and thinking a little, he decided that, even under his mountain of blankets, he was very cold.	I staked out a claim for a farm of my own, and I mean to live here until it is mine and those people in Rudolm see that it can be done and that Jake’s threats must come to nothing in the end.	Nicholas, _Nicholas_!” He sat down abruptly on a fallen tree as though sudden relief had weakened his knees; he put his arms around the great dog’s neck.	Nothing had yet been said, but Hugh began to realize that this was the second stage of his journey.	What would become of him here, he wondered, what could be the end of this venture “on his own”?	He went out the gate, past a half dozen houses, across a stretch of meadow, came out at last upon the road, Oscar’s road, and set off up the hill.	He stepped in front of her to face their common enemy, but she spoke before he could.	So the plan stood as Oscar first proposed it, and, on John’s continuing to improve steadily, preparations were made for a start three days later.	“It may not be so simple to put them in order as he hopes it will,” he had said, “so the time may be three weeks or a month or perhaps more.	Nothing was visible, hardly even the hand he held before his face, nothing would pierce that heavy blackness but the rushing of the flooded stream and the calling of the wind.	Dick hesitated, stammered and flushed.	“Why,” he blurted out, “it’s Ole Peterson’s brown bear skin!” A quiver seemed to run through the whole of the crowd, while the silence became so complete that Miss Christina’s clock upon the wall went tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, three times before any one seemed to move or before the storm of the stranger’s fury broke forth.	Never before had Hugh sat down to such an odd breakfast, nor, even at the Indian camp, had he ever eaten with such ravenous appetite.	He looked back to see one of the Indians wade into the water, stand waist deep, reeling under the force of the flood, then struggle back to the shore.	He had thought the forest beautiful on his night journey with Shokatan, it had seemed to him mysterious, wonderful, teeming with adventure.	The air was of a more bitter cold than anything he had ever imagined, the breath rose from his nostrils in two columns like steam and was frozen in white crystals all along the edge of the blanket where Dick still lay.	He must think and think quickly, for, far off among the hills, he heard the whistle of the approaching train.	Had anything happened to them, their dog would have been here to tell us.	Oscar wasn’t the sort to bear a grudge.” Jethro thrust his hands deep into his pockets and turned at last to face Hugh squarely.	The next second, “ping,” another buried itself in the pack that hung from his shoulder.	What was that, a sigh perhaps, more like a stifled moan?	He picked himself up, unhurt, and ran after her in determined pursuit.	Was it the smoke from their fire that he had seen rising from the chimney?	Of course, after all, you oughtn’t to try it.	All things that were attractive in her were present in Oscar, with much more besides.	That same night Hugh insisted on going out to look for the fishing basket that he had thrown aside when he ran to the rescue of Hulda.	He jumped up and ran eagerly to admit him, but stopped with his hand almost upon the latch.	He does not even know what has happened, and if he did, what help could he give?” Jake laughed harshly.	As big as this?” Hugh looked over his shoulder and pointed unhesitatingly to the third drawing.	“That is what I am getting at,” he said.	Indeed the pirates were not to be allowed the triumph of stealing Hulda!	A pleasant homelike tinkle came up from the grassy slope below him where the contented Hulda was grazing peacefully.	He would indeed have dropped the narrative there had Hugh not urged him on with impatient questions.	She had never been so far as Jasper Peak or the end of the lake where her brother lived, but she could tell him, almost mile by mile, the way to the Indian encampment where the Chippewa boy, Shokatan, could put him on the next stage of his journey.	She was a patient cow, but even she looked around at him in reproachful surprise over the awkwardness of his good offices.	We could take the matter into court and establish in time that it was he who laid things waste, but that would take months, the season would pass and the lands would not be open in time for a harvest next year.	“Hello, friends,” the stranger continued genially.	“Oh, dear, it is such a puzzle, I wish you could.” He began to remember now that Jethro had dropped some hint of a misunderstanding between John Edmonds and Oscar Dansk.	“I could live on that smell for a week.	He glanced across at his own trail coming down to the water’s edge on the other shore, stared at it a moment, then ran splashing through the stream to look again.	It was a woman, he could see, an Indian squaw, with broad, bent shoulders and heavy dark hair.	With Nicholas to help him, he managed to find it, so, that evening at least, they did not have to go supperless to bed.	“Now my head is cleared up again,” he said, “I begin to realize what queer things I must have done to those books.	I wish—I wish—” He did not finish his sentence, but Hugh knew that he was thinking of the Edmonds boys and of how the search for them was growing more hopeless every day.	For a long time after, Hugh preferred not to remember that interview between himself and the indignant cow.	The air was cold, so that he turned up his coat-collar and walked very briskly.	Even less of a storm than this will sometimes make it impassable.	He felt prouder of having milked Hulda without assistance than of anything he had ever before achieved; he did wish that Oscar would come home to see.	Can’t you see those wild grass meadows cut up into great square fields of green, can’t you see those slopes all yellow with grain and rippling like water under the autumn winds?	In the flickering light Hugh could see the hands moving slowly until they pointed to twelve.	Didn’t they shoot at you?” Hugh exclaimed.	Then he heaved a great sigh, stretched himself luxuriously to the fire and fell asleep again, completely satisfied that those he loved were safe at last.	“He and his comrades will perhaps do the worst they have ever done, between now and that day,” returned Oscar quietly.	“We can’t put it out—we can’t put it out—there is so little water!” he caught himself gasping aloud as he ran.	Their plight must have been desperate indeed for Dick to leave his brother alone in such a place.	You are in danger, you are not happy, what good is it going to do you in the end?” His friend answered with a little hesitation, his words coming almost shyly at first, but gradually gathering headway as he put into speech the thought that possessed his whole heart.	They were coming up the path from Hulda’s stable, picking their way over the rough stones in the moonlight, the big dog following them, while Oscar gave his final directions.	Hulda still made the going difficult, jerking and snorting with excitement.	Carl came to his side, seeming to feel more at ease, and began to point out one place after another.	The other turned and pointed.	A black hen rose suddenly from a tuft of weeds at their feet and ran squawking up the hill toward her unlovely home.	But he did not eat all the food, ravenous as he seemed to be.	“You must tell me,” he said, “why you thought I was the only one to carry that news to Oscar Dansk.	“Oscar Dansk can find John and Dick Edmonds if any man on earth can do it.	Presently a woman, he thought it was Laughing Mary, but in the uncertain light could not make sure, came over and put down some food before him.	Long after, Hugh learned the real details of the mishap, how Oscar had taken shelter from the storm under a mass of overhanging rock, how the fury of wind and water had loosened it above him and how he had been swept down in the midst of an avalanche of plunging bowlders, sliding earth and uprooted trees, to lie stunned for he knew not how many hours, but— “I had a fall,” was all he said, then added quickly, “What is that?