He remembered, too, what had happened in the compound, and wondered why the Venusian natives had not killed him.	Then, at last, he opened his eyes.	And the rains came and went away again.	And then he knew that he had been hearing another sound, hearing it often and long at a time.	Click of heels and a salute that once greeted the Caesars, and later the pseudo-Aryan of the 20th Century, and, but yesterday, he who was now known as _the last of the dictators_.	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	It was more like the rustle of dry leaves, but there were no dry leaves to rustle.	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.net/license).	They practiced what he had preached to a mightier race, practiced it with a thoroughness beyond the kind of man to comprehend.	And at times he laughed, and the _marigees_ laughed.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	This last one is one of them, but he is mad."	The Father-of-Us told us that."	My father, Alwa, and I are glad another one has come.	And he talked, although they could make out nothing of the things he said.	Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.	The last of the dictators.	Sometimes, fantastic thoughts went through his head.	His ego was intact.	But now go.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	Goodbye."	"And I am ordered to surrender the--" "There are no orders.	1.E.	Considering, he remembered how Alwa and Nrana had died.	Nights he walked the beach, and that night was one of the noisy nights.	Some ran to bring the chief and the chief's son, who knew everything.	See paragraph 1.C below.	That should have ended it, but it didn't.	"Farewell, Number One!"	Perhaps the opportunity would come then to destroy, to destroy, _and destroy_.	1.E.7.	1.E.3.	For the times of silence were louder.	*       *       *       *       * Mr. Smith, a black dot on the dazzling white sand, watched the lifeboat disappear up into the blue, finally into the haze of the upper atmosphere of Venus.	Number One--" A voice that was louder, higher, more frenetic than any of the others.	"There is a breakthrough at Denver, Number One!	And always fresh fruit from the jungle.	He said, "I am Number One, the Lord of all the Solar System, and your ruler.	A faint trickle of red coursed over the dark blue of his skin.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.	"You were the chief.	And the spacecraft, the jets, the rockets, the damnable rockets, more every day and every night, and ten coming for every one shot down.	That was better.	And there was an almost sudden _edge_, beyond which the blades thinned out quickly to barrenness.	He retreated a step to keep beyond their front rank.	Never did their number seem to diminish in the slightest.	His people would rise again.	"All Earthlings come from the sky.	Alwa's old eyes were bewildered at the strangeness of this.	And after a while, having found what they sought, they returned.	1.E.8.	Yes, it was a difficult problem for them, but the eldest and wisest of them, one M'Ganne, gave them at last the answer.	1.E.5.	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	Just drums, many miles away, throbbing rhythm for native dances or exorcising, perhaps, the forest-night demons.	There was no wind, but the tree swayed back and forth and his body with it.	One tree was like another, and for a moment he thought he'd have to stay here until daylight.	And Nrana shook his head sadly, "But many of our tribe have gone back to the older gods, the cruel gods.	In some you may receive humane treatment.	How strange that he should remember, here and now, the very tone of his voice and inflection, the shining wonder in their children's eyes.	In his bed.	And, Captain, your running of the blockade, your securing of fuel _en route_, have constituted a deed of high valor.	"Nothing.	It would have been intolerable, save that he was alone.	Sometimes, the queerly shaped Venusian trees talked too, but their voices were quieter.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.	Conrad's voice in his ear, as it had sounded that day when Conrad had walked into the palace, white-faced, and forgotten the salute.	1.B.	He sought out their holes by patiently following one bearing a bit of food, and he poured gasoline into the hole and the earth around it, taking satisfaction in the thought of the writhings in agony below.	- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.	You feel better, no?"	But stark fear and the memory of unendurable pain drove him on.	The horrible, gibbering fear that, for the last time, an army marched against him.	This, then, was _pain_.	He retreated another step--and then, quite suddenly, his body was afire in several spreading places.	All I can give you in reward is my thanks.	He had foreseen that--the need for solitude.	There were high-flying, high-whining jet-craft up there in the moonlight sky and their shadows dappled the black water of the sea.	He must have killed millions of _kifs_.	If he is mad and not a god, we will not have harmed him.	They bothered his sleep.