"Old man Middleton was sittin' on the front porch smokin' his pipe when Emmeline rode up, and he hollered out to his wife that here was Emmeline, and they both come runnin' out to meet her.	And as soon as they moved into it, Henrietta wrote to me and says, 'Grandma, I'm not goin' to ask you to come to see me.	He begun by sayin' that the kingdom of God was a kingdom of justice; that every sin brought its own punishment with it, and there was no escapin' it.	"But the older they got, the more they loved each other; and Miss Dorothy, she'd come and go every summer, till finally one summer she didn't come; and the next summer the doctor went to Virginia to see her, and come back lookin' like an old, old man; and not long afterwards he come into church one Sunday with a band o' black crape around his hat, and then we knew Miss Dorothy was dead."	Whoever heard of a old woman like me makin' a speech?'	And thinks I to myself, 'Most men wants a woman that can cook for 'em and sew for 'em and clean up after 'em, and Brownin' must 'a' been a mighty good man to marry a woman that couldn't do anything for him but jest love him.'	And he went on followin' the same old beaten track that men 'a' been walkin' since the days of Noah.	Says she, 'I work from mornin' till night, but there's always somethin' left undone.	Her hair and her eyes would keep me from forgittin' her outright, and when I think of how she looked and how Hamilton Schuyler loved her, it seems like she was different from all the other women that ever I've known."	I know that when nature made the coarse hollyhock, she gave it the almond perfume that floats over the waves of the Hellespont from the petals of the patrician oleander growing on its banks.	He said God had fixed the penalty for every sin committed by every sinner; we couldn't always tell what the punishment would be, one sinner would be punished one way and another sinner another way, and one would have his punishment right at once, and the other might not have his for a good many years, but it was sure to come at last.	You'll see a husband or a wife die, and you'll think the one that's left never will git over grievin' for the one that's gone, and the first thing you know there's a second marriage, and that shows that death is stronger than love, and I reckon it's well that it's so.	And Brother Wilson says, says he, 'Why not?	Did you ever think o' that?	"Well, they said Doctor Brigham and Judge Grace both threw up their hands and begun talkin' at once, and says they, 'You don't mean to say you're goin' to turn the squire out now!'	"I thought certain Mother had lost her mind, and I went after her and caught her by the arm, and, says I, 'Mother, what on earth's the matter?	"'She went towards town,' says Miss Sempronia.	And in two or three days here Henry and Emmeline come ridin' back home and lookin' like a sure-enough bride and groom.	said Aunt Jane, "that's Rizpah.	But,' says he, 'you breed a horse right, and train him in his gaits whilst he's young, and there ain't one chance in a thousand of your losin' money on that horse.	And then, child, when I die they can bury me in this dress."	The rest of you ain't mistreated, are you?'	"To think o' me wearin' such clothes," said Aunt Jane exultingly.	And I says, 'Well, if that's makin' a speech, I can make one, for I'm always thinkin' somethin', and thinkin' and talkin' is mighty near kin with me.'	I ain't say in' a word against your looks, child; you're as good-lookin' as the best of 'em nowadays, but I reckon there ain't any harm in me sayin' that you don't quite come up to Miss Penelope and Miss Amaryllis.	To see them two, after they'd passed their youth, walkin' together and ridin' together and comin' into church and settin' side by side in the same pew, singin' out o' the same hymn book,--why it was the prettiest sight in the world.	"That's a voice that won't be heard in the land much longer," remarked Aunt Jane; "and when it does stop, it'll be like missin' a voice from the church choir.	He rose up in his pew and says he, 'Neighbors, I don't want to disturb this watch-meetin', but it looks to me like one of two things has happened: either the new year's got lost on the way or the old year's took a notion to stay with us a little longer, and,' says he, 'I move that somebody goes behind the pulpit and sees if there ain't somethin' wrong with the clock.'	And Brother Wilson, he says, 'I'm not the man to look a gift horse in the mouth, but,' says he, 'I must see the gift horse before I accept it.'	"Miss Amaryllis died when her baby was born.	(And I have my dead.)	Many a night she'd dream of seein' the bodies of her sons lyin' on the battle-field and the birds pickin' the flesh from their bones, and she'd wake up cryin' and wring her hands and say, 'If I could only know that their bodies was buried safe in the ground, I could stand it better.'	And Henry says, 'I've done all I could to pacify her; I've told her I never loved that woman like I love her and never was married to the woman and never wanted to marry her, and what more can a man say?'	But I heeded not the warning.	.	And finally it got to the pass that he come home drunk, late one Monday night, and struck Milly and kicked the children out o' the house, and the next thing we heard was that Milly's father had come to take her home.	But I reckon that picture o' Miss Amaryllis is lyin' in a grave somewhere on the other side o' the ocean.	I'm nothin' but a woman, and what a woman thinks is of mighty little importance.'	But we saw that Mother was holdin' her tears back, so we all did the same.	If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.	"Miss Dorothy was one o' the Virginia Schuylers, and the first time she come to visit her Kentucky cousins, she met the young doctor, and they fell in love with each other jest like Hamilton Schuyler and Miss Amaryllis, and before she went back to her home it was all settled that they'd be married the next spring.	And may God give you grace,' says he, 'to keep you from ever makin' such a fool of yourself again.'	If he saved up a little money and put it in the bank, or bought a piece o' property, bad luck was sure to come along and pull down everything he'd built up.	"Hamilton?"	The old man was no manner o' protection, for he was so crippled up with rheumatism that he had mighty little use of his feet and hands, but 'Lizabeth said she felt a little bit safer havin' some human bein' along with her crossin' that big field.	We always accused Mother of bein' partial to my two brothers, Jonathan and David, and Mother never denied it.	Aunt Jane roused herself with a start.	- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.	And the preacher's side, they'd say, 'But we've got the members and the preacher, and you can't have a church without church-members and a preacher.'	Says he, 'There ain't a man, or a woman or a child or a yeller dog in Kentucky but what's on one side or the other, and you might as well put two game roosters in the same pen and tell 'em not to fight as to start up a war betwixt the North and the South and tell Kentucky to keep out of it.'	A drunkard, according to my notion, is a man that's born with whiskey in his veins.	She sang it to the cheerful tune of Hinton, as oft before when Parson Page had given it out from the pulpit of Goshen church, and she and Abram sat side by side singing from the weather-beaten hymnal that lay now near the Bible on the centre-table.	"Well, Emmeline said as soon as the old lady begun talkin', her heart got as light as a feather, and she felt like a thousand pounds had been lifted off of her mind.	All of us went out to the gate to say farewell, and there wasn't a tear dropped nor a useless word said.	Our little times and seasons are but fragments of eternity, and eternity is ours.	I've been to the top o' the hill and seen what's on the other side, and I've come back to my own place.	"I don't exactly ricollect how long things went on this way, but I reckon death would 'a' found 'em holdin' out against each other if Schuyler Court hadn't burned.	No, you won't!	Somehow or other the time seemed mighty long, and everybody begun to feel restless.	Before his time they'd been without a preacher for a good while, and things was in a run-down and gone-to-seed sort o' condition when he come up from Tennessee to take the charge.	The judge's wife used to shake her head and say, 'My daughter, there's such a thing as a woman sayin' "No" once too often.'	"Uncle Haley was leanin' over with both hands on his cane, and he shook his head right slow and says he, 'It appears to me that Crittenden ain't as well acquainted with Kentuckians as he might be, and him a Kentuckian and a Senator too.'	Well, I reckon the old church is as good a startin'-place as any.	And Emmeline says, 'Yes, I used to think that way myself, but I've found out different.'	"Well, matters was standin' in this loose, unj'inted way when all at once Squire Schuyler's weddin' invitations come out.	If you treat her this way now, how'll it be ten years from now?'	Parson Page said somethin' to him one day about the grace of God savin' him.	"There was one lady I took particular notice of.	Harrison said his officers went down one by one, first the captain and then the lieutenants, and when the last one fell, he up and took charge o' things himself jest like he'd seen the captain do; and when they found they had to give up the fight, Harrison somehow or other managed to carry away two cannons out o' the six they'd been workin' that day, and with these two he kind o' kept the Yankees off while the men fell back, and if it hadn't been for that they'd 'a' been cut all to pieces.	To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.	And old lady Sanford, she says, 'Confidence!	As an artist finishes a picture, and then goes lovingly back to strengthen a line or deepen a tint, so every story told by Aunt Jane made more vivid to me her portraits of these men and women who were the friends of her youth.	Dusty and flowerless, the garden paths wandered to right and left, but not one did I miss in my pilgrimage; for who could know what shrines of remembrance might lie hidden in that drift of leaves, withered and fallen before their time?	Thro' my tenderest years, with as tender a care,     My soul like a lamb in his bosom he bare;     To the brook he would lead me, whene'er I had need     And point out the pasture where best I might feed.	The family moved from Georgia to Tennessee because there was better schools there, and they wanted to educate their children.	I want you to understand,' says he, 'that my word is better than any man's bond.	I ricollect when I was at that meetin' of clubs in Lexin'ton, the time I went to see Henrietta, one lady got up and said that a woman ought to be somethin' besides a mother.	The pitying world looks on and measures the unwed lovers' loss, but who can measure their gain?	Before they got the supper dishes washed up, here he come as fast as his horse could bring him.	And one o' the gyirls says, 'But she must take off the pearl necklace; pearls at a wedding mean tears.'	III THE COURTSHIP OF MISS AMARYLLIS [Illustration] III THE COURTSHIP OF MISS AMARYLLIS "It's curious," said Aunt Jane meditatively, "how, when old people go to lookin' back on the way things was when they was young, it appears like everything was better then than it is now.	But all the time I'm ridin' along this road I'm feelin' thankful to Providence that he made the oil, and then made people with enough sense to know that oil would settle dust.	And she thought o' Sam the day her Father come to take her home and how he kept sayin', 'Keep on believin' in me, Milly, and your faith'll save me.'