An' don't deceive yourself about this thing either, Christie....	First in Quolsdorf, then here!	Because to-morrow an official examiner'll come to look after things here.	I have enough of that nonsense!	ROSE A curse!	What did he say?	She'd rather have the weddin' to-day than to-morrow.	When his hand is on the knob of the glass door a sudden terror     overtakes him.	JOHN Well, I wasn't here, was I?	SELMA     KNOBBE appears in the doorway._ SELMA Mother's asleep, Mrs. John, an' I'm that hungry.	Bury that matter, hide it out of sight and be at peace.	MRS. FLAMM Christie, what did I tell you that day when you out with it an' said you wanted to marry me?	This entrance is closed by hangings of blue cotton cloth.	I can't do nothin' about it this minute.	I've forgotten everythin' ... life's that hard ...	Say your say!	STRECKMANN Nothin'!	AUGUST Yes!	Now you can let me go.	STRECKMANN You came to my house an' made things hot for me!	Lithographs, representing     mainly hunting scenes, are hung on the walls._     _WERMELSKIRCH, in a dressing gown and smoking a long pipe, sits on     the left, himself playing the piano.	nothing!	FRANZISKA Well, Berthel, how are you?	GEORGE Not just now.	Poor, maltreated crittur--that's what he called me an' he put his hand in his pocket an' gave me three crowns!	[_ROSE pushes the cover of her basket aside._] Well, then!	He, too, gives the impression of being embarrassed     but at the same time amused.	Maybe she was right.	Don't talk so much nonsense.	WALBURGA I was frightened because the chimney of the lamp was still quite hot to the touch.	I suppose you'll have to have the goodness to show these ladies the place they really want to go to.	Mother, she'd cry it out at the first look.	I've had 'a talk with the magistrate Steckel about your having agreed to everything now.	Yes!	A CONSTABLE.	'Tis enough to make one perish o' shame!	Christie!	QUAQUARO There ain't a soul in the house what don't know the story of the soldier Sorgenfrei who put an end to hisself with a rope somewhere under the rooftree.	FRANZISKA --How are you anyhow, Mrs. Henschel?	Look, August, that can't be!	Then, groping for     some support, she begins to talk with desperate energy._ ROSE Good-evenin' to all o' ye!--?--Good evenin'.	BERND There's people that goes hunting o' Sundays.	QUAQUARO I jus' thought I'd tell you what happened while you an' your wife was away right here in your own house?	That's what I says, Pauline.	Lightly._] Is it possible?	FRANZ Well, I has my fur coat!	Two hundred crowns I paid.	You're crazy, I wouldn't do no such thing.	SPITTA My father is coming to Berlin, Walburga, and it's undoubtedly true that the old gentleman will give us not a little trouble.	Now it don' _has_ to live!	Was August here?	But, if you please, let's not cause a scandal!	Lay down in your bed an' go to sleep.	An' yet, in the end, what is a body to do?--The heart bleeds!	WALTHER Oh, I thought!	_FLAMM in consternation, jumps up and disappears behind a bush._     _ROSE gets up hastily, straightens her hair and her dress and looks     anxiously about her.	MRS. JOHN Oh, the sunlight's just for fine folks!	ROSE You're unjust, Mr. Flamm; that's all.	On the high stool in front of the office desk WALBURGA is     sitting.	God forbid!	I'm not only a man but a Christian!	And are you in such a hurry about it?	WALTHER I gets along as usual.	Then we can drink some coffee and take a walk.	'Tis bad luck.	I believe mama has convulsions an' is lyin' down in Quaquaro's alcove.	Well, then, here's to your weddin'--an early one an' a merry one!	That is to say, I asked you to come up because, in making my inventory, it became clear that several cases and boxes cannot be found or, in other words, have been stolen.	That will never do, Ludwig!	This minute!	There's none that's greater for a woman!	SIEBENHAAR Well, no one knew her, of course.	WERMELSKIRCH Who is it that goes about among people?	BERND When it comes to drinkin' to a happy weddin', I makes an exception!	That's the very reason why I abandoned theology.	'Tis possible ...	Tell me what you want an' then lemme go!	JOHN Wasn't it on the twenty-sixth?	_HASSENREUTER enters unceremoniously through the outer door which has     stood ajar.	FLAMM Here you stay!	No, August, ... truly, August ... not on that bridge ... you mustn't start for to cross that bridge!...	That's no more'n our dooty!	I just, somehow, stumbled into it all.