They have to boast and brag and shout a while before they finally get to clawing and biting at one another."	By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.	1.C.	Frankly, if it would do any good, I might even consider breaking one or two of the laws, and the devil with my conditioning."	"Not at all, not at all.	"Sorry," apologized Darquelnoy.	It was just that we had to rush around so frantically, unloading and dismantling the dome, getting this place ready--" "What do you mean, they _came_ here?"	"It was just a little remote-controlled apparatus, of course," he said.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	he asked.	"You _are_ upset," said Ebor at that.	said Ebor.	"I can't imagine them making a spaceship," said Ebor thoughtfully.	"But there it is.	1.F.1.	*       *       *       *       * The two walked down the long corridor together and Ebor said, "Well?	"They are absolutely the worst creatures for secrecy in the entire galaxy!"	The orderly entered.	"I would have thought so, too," said Darquelnoy.	"No, I don't imagine it is."	Come on to my quarters."	"I've worked up a fine thirst on the trip," Ebor told him.	1.F.5.	"You don't suppose this is all a waste of time, do you?"	"One wouldn't think so," agreed Darquelnoy.	He rang for the orderly.	If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.	Darquelnoy told him, "Two restno," and he left again.	Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.	Section  2.	Darquelnoy and Ebor accepted the cups and the orderly left, making a sloppy tentacle-cross salute, which the two ignored.	*       *       *       *       * "I wasn't talking necessarily about attacking them, you know," said Ebor, returning to the subject.	"They could go on that way indefinitely," said Ebor.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.	Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.	Back when the Universe was younger, there were lots and lots of planets to colonize.	And since that ship went circling by, of course, morale has hit a new low."	Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.	1.F.	"In a way," he added, "that spaceship was a hopeful sign.	1.E.6.	Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.	He was obviously at his wit's end.	Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.	LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.	1.E.4.	He led the way into his quarters, motioned Ebor to a perch, and rang for his orderly.	The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.	"Out here," he said, "living next door to the little beasts day after day, one begins to lose one's sensibilities."	If they were to suspect that we were here, they'd forget their own little squabbles at once and start killing us instead.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	"Absolutely chilling."	"Then I'm surprised they haven't blown themselves to pieces long before this."	Ebor nodded, studying his friend.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	If it weren't for the occasional planets like that one up there, I don't know what we'd do."	If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.	"They came here," Darquelnoy told him simply.	"Then you've picked up at least one of their habits," Ebor told him.	"I know," said Darquelnoy gloomily.	Darquelnoy shook a tentacle in negation.	Why do you need cheering up?"	Now the old problem of half-life is taking its toll, and we can't even hope to keep up with the birth rate any more.	1.E.9.	There hadn't been the slightest indication they were planning anything _that_ spectacular."	As soon as one side has a base on the Moon, the other side is bound to get things started."	"Well, I suppose another cup won't kill me.	"We've been ready to move in for I don't know how long.	1.F.4.	If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.	At Ebor's entrance he raised a limp tentacle in weary greeting and said, "Come in, my friend, come in.	But it circled this Moon here, busily taking pictures, and went right back to the planet again, giving us all a terrible fright.	"I've been practically living on the stuff for the last two dren," said Darquelnoy hopelessly.	"Don't worry," Ebor told him.	You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.	he cried.	"Now stop talking in circles and tell me what happened."	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.net/license).	Darquelnoy clicked his eyes in despair.	"It was," said Darquelnoy simply.	You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.