And this time he can build better, because he has the horrible example of the recent past to guide him away from the pitfalls.	Not after this!"	"He runs it up and down the shaft," she explained, "trying to crush anybody who goes after him."	Two months!	If you mean the rocket launchers on the roof, they're rusted through with age.	So that housing, in the historically short time of one century, made a complete transformation from horizontal expansion to vertical.	Of course, they made up for this as best they could by using tactical atomic weapons all over the place.	"Put it on the table," he said, switching instantly from raving maniac to watchful spy.	Actually, the whole idea of stairs was ridiculous.	_I'm late!_" I shook my fist at the screen.	I had no idea what he was talking about, and admitted as much.	"That's _not_ my job, you blatant idiot!"	He started pacing the floor, waving the gun around in an agitated fashion as he talked.	For a minute or two, all I could do was sit and absorb what I'd been told.	"You'll never get away," I told him.	As I made the chico, he asked me questions.	"How do I know that?"	And then again it might not.	"Ah hah!"	I shook my head, dumbfounded.	he demanded.	I dashed once more from the apartment and down the hall to the elevator, praying that the spy had been captured by now and that Linda would agree with me that a spy in the elevator was good and sufficient reason for me to be late.	He sat forward, tensed, pointing the gun at me like a finger again.	"That's impossible!"	He can start building the dreams again.	I bellowed.	"And what are _they_ supposed to spy on?"	I leaped to my feet, reading from my watch that it was now ten-fifteen.	The ever-present threat of other projects had never been more for me--or for most other people either, I suspected--than occasional ore-sleds that didn't return, occasional spies shot down as they tried to sneak into the building, occasional spies of our own leaving the Project in tiny radiation-proof cars, hoping to get safely within another project and bring back news of any immediate threats and dangers that project might be planning for us.	He closed the emergency door behind him, quickly but quietly.	If I _were_ a spy, _then_ that would be my job!"	From the very beginning, small attempts were made to make these Projects more than dwelling places.	Until that moment, the state of siege in which we all lived had had no reality for me.	"I knew better," he continued, "than to simply walk into the building and announce that I came from Outside.	He got up from the chair, strode across the room, and ripped the drape down from the window.	"That would be classified information."	By now she was probably in mourning for me and might even have the Sanitation Staff searching for my remains.	"If you know it doesn't make any sense for this Project to attack any other project, then why in the world should you think _they_ might see some advantage in attacking _you_?"	So what was the use of stairs?	He was rather short, perhaps three inches shorter than me, with a bony high-cheekboned face featuring deepset eyes and a thin-lipped mouth.	Why should we?"	"Well--but why should there be any problem about getting him out?"	So I had two reasons for humoring him.	It would, though reluctantly.	The Treaty of Oslo began by stating that atomic war was unthinkable, and added that just in case anyone happened to think of it only _tactical_ atomic weapons could be used.	"One for each of us."	But I wanted to test the theory, and the Commission wouldn't let me.	"Don't move!"	A spy who had managed to work his way all the way up to the hundred forty-seventh floor before being unmasked!	Don't you people ever test them?"	A spy in the elevator!	In every way but one, she is the perfect woman.	However, what with all of the _other_ treaties which were broken during the Ungentlemanly Gentleman's War, by the time it was finished nobody was quite sure any more who was on whose side.	"All right, whatever you say."	"If you say so," I replied stiffly.	*       *       *       *       * "Well, I went ahead with the test anyway, and I was caught at it.	He prodded me with the gun.	He glared suddenly at the window.	Do you realize how long it took man to get out of the caves?	Stay, hoping the elevator would come after all?	No one ever left, no one ever entered.	By mid-century, Projects (also called apartments and co-ops) already included restaurants, shopping centers, baby-sitting services, dry cleaners and a host of other adjuncts.	"He _aims_ the elevator?"	*       *       *       *       * And now I had yet another grudge against this blasted spy.	I have never in my life seen that long hall quite so empty as it was right then.	"I come," he said, "from a Project about eighty miles north of here.	"They had it all their own way," he said.	So I've been working in a more devious way.	At sixteen steps a flight, that meant two hundred and eight steps.	"Outside?	The subjects I taught included wrestling, judo and karati--talents I would prefer to disclose to him in my own fashion, when the time came.	First I inhaled, making a production out of it, giving myself a chance to calm down a bit.	I limped back to the apartment, fuming, slammed the door behind me, grabbed the phone book and looked up the number of the Transit Staff.	That's all it was, just a little hotfoot.	Eight steps and a landing, eight steps and a floor.	Eight steps and a landing, eight steps and a floor.	And that was like saying there's no need any longer for stomachs, but I didn't say so.	Could I descend two hundred and eight steps for my true love?	"Things worked out pretty well," he said, "until today.	We had elevators, didn't we?	"Why've you got that drape up there?"	I read them.	"One fifty-three," I said.