But I was drunk, and that's a fact.	"That company of yours thinks it can cheat me out of my money," he said.	You don't dig a grave in solid rock, not with a shovel.	Then we opened a bottle of liquor and celebrated, and he got himself killed."	"You think I killed him, don't you?"	No problem, boy, there wasn't any air in there to begin with.	Blunt old men irritate me.	I sat there and looked at the place where the dead body was hidden, and I said, "Well, I'll be a son of a gun!"	Or at least I saw part of it.	And Atronics City seemed like the best place to get my information.	As I got closer, I spied a scooter parked near the X, and beside it an inflated portable dome.	And now you want me to go on out there and find out what's cooking, and see if I can maybe save the company ten thousand credits."	"Sure he is," I said.	From the outside, Atronics City is just a derby-shaped dome of nickel-iron, black and kind of dirty-looking.	As I clopped morosely back to the dome, I nibbled at Karpin's story in my mind.	And on McCann, too, for that matter."	He'd just been starting to warm up to a tirade against the dirty insurance company, and all of a sudden he'd folded up and shut up like a clam.	he demanded.	"All the comforts of home, eh?	Instead of falling into the sun, the body would simply take up a long elliptical orbit _around_ the sun, and would come back to the asteroids every few hundred years.	Just as I got outside, he lost his balance and kicked out, and scraped right into some of that rock, and punctured his suit."	It had a tendency to make my eyes cross.	They register their claims in their own names, and then sell the rights to whichever company shows up first with the most attractive offer.	"You're babbling," he snapped, but the words were hollow.	His angry expression was replaced by one of bewilderment.	What this means is that the suitcases have to be lashed down with the straps provided, and you and the operator have to hold on tight to the hand-grips placed here and there around the wall.	While I was hunting around for some other idea, Karpin spoke up again, for the first time in maybe twenty minutes.	"I already explained that," he said.	The Mapping & Registry Office occupied a good-sized shack over near the dome wall, next to the entry lock.	I'd like that.	There was that fantastic combination job Karpin was cleaning right now, and that had dimensions of four feet by three feet by three feet.	_Too_ smooth and natural.	"But our handwriting experts have worn themselves out with that form, comparing it with every other single scrap of McCann's writing they can find.	So when you killed Ab Karpin, you saw a way to kill your debts as well.	It would have made more sense for you to go to Atronics City, where you were known."	It would be something that conflicted with Karpin's story.	"So he went out," I said.	There's the top level, directly under the dome, which is mainly parking area for scooters and tuggers of various kinds, plus the office shacks of the Assayer's Office, the Entry Authority, the Industry Troopers and so on.	_Karpin_ might know that such-and-such an asteroid was nothing but worthless stone, but the guy who stops there and finds McCann's body might _not_ know it.	"How about getting to the point, Mister?"	The manager--a man named Teaking--went well with the office.	But that's the way he was.	The scooter was somewhat larger than mine, but no newer and probably even less safe.	He was so blasted sure of himself.	All I have to do is bring you back to Atronics City.	Not exactly room to dance in.	I was trying my best to point out to him that the company would spend more than it would save if it sent me all the way out to the asteroids, a prospect I could feel coming and one which I wasn't ready to cry hosannah over.	"Wish you wouldn't smoke.	And then I clumped more slowly, studying the surface of the asteroid.	"I wouldn't get too excited about that, if I were you," he said.	You maybe can do it with dynamite, but that won't work too well if your object is to keep anybody from seeing that the hole has been made.	I'd noticed a smeared spot about nose-level on the faceplate of my fishbowl, and now was as good a time as any to get rid of it.	Karpin spoke up.	Chemisant City was closer than Atronics City right then, so I went there.	A man makes the big strike after all, and he gets so excited he forgets himself for a minute and gets careless.	"I see."	He nodded.	I straightened with the gun in my hand and looked into a face white with frustration and rage.	But Karpin was one of the sharpest boys in the business when it came to mineralogy.	"I'll tell you what the situation is," I said, with a false air of truthfulness.	What was left?	"Mister, I told you.	But not today.	Today, I was going to spend my time exclusively in bed, trying not to float up to the ceiling.	he asked, with the first real sign of animation I'd seen in him yet.	"I got a big claim here."	So the partnerships come and go, and the hatreds flare and are forgotten, and the normal prospecting team lasts an average of three months.	It doesn't matter if a man's thirty or sixty or what.	"Stanton," I told him.	And, since that office was up on the first level, I went by elevator.	Half a loaf is better than none.	He could have been forty, and he could have been ninety, but he was probably somewhere the other side of fifty.	I had to depend on _feeling_ now, the hunches and instincts of eight years in this job, hearing some people tell lies and other people tell the truth.	I attached the suit to the ship in all the necessary places, and the agent closed and spun the door.	With this big strike in, Jafe McCann was the one who'd have to pay all that money."	It was closer, he said, but it couldn't have been closer by more than a couple of hours.	"Now," said Henderson, "the conditions--the circumstances--of McCann's death are somewhat suspicious.	"It can't be that much, can it?"	The suitcases weighed about half an ounce each out here, and I felt as though I weighed the same.	"So you painted it yourself."	I loaded up on g-sickness pills and they worked fine.	I took the opportunity to look the dome over.	"I'll teach you."