I had gone, perhaps, a hundred yards, when, suddenly, it seemed to me that I caught a faint sound, somewhere along the passage behind.	As I did so, I observed that they had not burned away, but had been put out.	As I neared it, I heard a dull, rumbling sound, that grew quickly into a roar, split with deeper crashes, and up from the Pit drove a fresh volume of dust.	Here, he began again to nose about.	"I wish we had got the driver to interpret for us before he left," I remarked, as we sat down to our meal.	Again comes that rattle, and I shiver, clammily.	Everywhere lay the thick dust--thick, sleepy, and black.	she said.	The rustle of the paper, tries my brain.	We had accomplished perhaps half the distance, when I heard again the sound of falling stones on the other side--the side from which we had just come.	Going up to the window, I examined the bars, closely; noting, as I did so, their comfortable thickness.	Toward morning, I began to grow stiff and cold, with my long vigil; also, I was getting very uneasy, concerning the continued quietness on the part of the creatures.	At the same time, my hand smarted badly, and I was full of a nervous, dull rage against those Things.	A great while seemed to pass over me, and now I could nowhere see anything.	The nose was prolonged into a snout; thus it was that with the little eyes and queer ears, gave it such an extraordinarily swinelike appearance.	For, perhaps, a minute, I stood, and stared.	And, almost directly, came the morning.	They were some considerable distance up from the surface of the lake--about fifty feet, I calculated.	As I did so, I heard the short, grunted signal, and, even up there, caught the crying of the door under the assault.	It was already afternoon.	It comes out of its socket, with a click, and I begin to shake, aguishly.	A long time went by, and I became aware that I was nearer to the orbs, than I had been.	But, so far as the light showed, I saw nothing unusual.	The cat gave a last, awful caterwaul, and I saw it smoke and blaze.	O, my God ...!	Beyond these, I could find nothing; and so, standing up, I began to make the tour of the house wall.	By this time, it had grown quite dark in the passages, and from these came all the varied cries and groans of which an old house is so full after nightfall.	Behind me, rose up, to an extraordinary height, gaunt, black cliffs.	Gradually, a peculiar uneasiness seized me.	One thing there was that I took for encouragement: she had eaten some of the food I had taken to her, on my first visit.	All this time I had experienced little, save a sense of lightness and cold discomfort.	From time to time, the noise of dropping particles, behind in the room, came dully to my ears.	Presently, I heard a scuffling noise.	I experienced a queer, indescribable, little feeling of nervousness.	Its face is coming 'round toward me.	Presently, I became conscious that a faint, continuous sound, pulsed through the silence that wrapped me.	The one leading from my study into the gardens, was the last to which I went.	Very cautiously, I moved onward, stopping, every few steps, to listen.	Beyond this, I could see nothing.	I felt that the light had been far too intensely white, and large, for such a cause.	I knew that the strange sounds were not made by any lurking Swine-creature; but were simply the echo of my own respirations.	Then, I slid through, into the interior, without experiencing the least resistance, of any description.	I've seen none of the creatures since yesterday morning, early.'	I could hear it distinctly, now.	I glanced 'round.	Was I doomed to be separated from her, always?	As I followed him, it came to me suddenly that the sun was low, and that there was a raw sense of chilliness in the air.	Nails it had also, but so long and powerful that they were more like the talons of an eagle than aught else.	A vast rain seemed to come with it, and a wind of a most extraordinary loudness--as though the howling of a nightlong gale, were packed into the space of no more than a minute.	For a while, the unwholesome idea filled me, with a sensation of overbearing desolation; so that I could have cried like a child.	It appeared to be shaken, as though some of the creatures struggled with it, silently; but it was far too strongly constructed and hung to be easily moved.	It was a little under knee-deep.	Then, as time went by, it began to sink backward, slowly.	The sun was now bursting up from the Eastern horizon, like a stupendous rocket, seeming to occupy no more than a second or two in hurling from East to West.	Then I had applied the term superhuman to it, with an almost instinctive knowledge that the creature was something different from the brute-beast.	The brief nights, appeared to have lost the proper darkness of night; so that the hair-like fire of the flying stars, showed but dimly.	Still, however, I have taken precautions; for I have driven stout nails in at the back of each of the three bolts, that secure the door, opening from the study into the gardens.	The rays of the rising sun, shimmered on the smoky patch in the lower corner, causing it to fluctuate from green to red, oddly.	Above me, the many constellations passed in a strange, 'noiseless' circling, Westward.	It appeared to me to grow more attenuated, and I thought blackish streaks showed, occasionally.	All around, was spread the extraordinary desolation of stillness, that had so impressed me during my previous wanderings across its starkness.	I looked at the dog, again.	I was conscious of little, save a sensation of cold and hopelessness and fear.	Still, it was as I have said many years before I saw any real manifestations of the so-called supernatural.	I felt distinctly frightened; but could think of nothing better to do than wait.	Suddenly, I heard a crash, away in the direction of the Pit.	The Thing dropped, with an almost human groan.	The next thing we did was to make a complete tour of the tremendous chasm, which we were able to observe was in the form of an almost perfect circle, save for where the ruin-crowned spur of rock jutted out, spoiling its symmetry.	They did little more than make the gloom visible.	Later, I distinguished the cold, blue gleam of the earthlight....	Gradually, I traced, in that ancient man, a faint resemblance to my self of other days.	Away ahead, shone the vast, blood-red ring [15] that lit the place.	I am beyond all help--there is nothing else left.	Of Pepper, I knew nothing at first.	She looked at me, in a curiously puzzled manner; as though not comprehending.	The world moved out into the light of the Star, and I saw that, now, it seemed to stretch across a quarter of the heavens.	I had not noticed it loose, as I took my shot; and then, as I stood up, it had slipped away from beneath me ...	'Cheer up!	Slowly, slowly, as the aeons slipped into eternity, the earth sank into a heavier and redder gloom.	Seeing Pepper thus mutilated, a furious feeling of anger seized me, and, whirling my staff, I sprang across, and into the bushes from which Pepper had emerged.	I saw, now, that it came from a huge, glowing spot near the center of the Dark Sun.	Overhead, the river of flame drove up and down, North and South, in a dancing semi-circle of fire.	All at once, during one of these periods of life, a sudden flame cut across the night--a quick glare that lit up the dead earth, shortly; giving me a glimpse of its flat lonesomeness.