Don't ask me who made the well entrance or the little stairway; for I don't know.	I was made conscious of it, rather by some inward, unused sense than by either sight or sound; for the pale, short-radius glare of the Pentacle gave but a very poor light for seeing by.	Then I returned to the castle.	And in an instant I had them into the passage.	She told me that I had made her feel almost safe for the first time for days.	Then:--'You feel there's something wrong?'	And it was always on the market again, after a trial.	And it was generally plain that the ladies of the house were in a tremendous fluster.	Then, by compass, I laid their legs to the eight chief points, and afterward I drew a circle with chalk around them; and opposite to their feet, I made the Eight Signs of the Saaamaaa Ritual.	I had a certainty of something impending: as it might be the impression of an invisible, but overwhelming, Presence.	'Sounds a bit silly, superstitious, I know; but when you are meddling with this sort of thing, you've got to take notice of queer fancies, and risk being laughed at.'	The bedclothes had been thrown with such savageness!	"Well, of course it is impossible to be sure, one way or the other.	"When he had finished his look 'round, he went down to the village, meaning to see the one-time Agent of the Estate, and arrange for someone to go in as caretaker.	I did so, and heard my wire ring on metal.	Then the door was tried, and directly afterward there came a thunderous knocking, which told me a policeman had heard the shot.	I can put it no other way.	And he had described the stupendous force of the blow as being 'like the kick of a great horse.'	And directly afterward:--'What on earth made you hustle us all out like that, Carnacki?'	"I stared in a bewildered way 'round the cellar; there were thin lines of vague fire crossing the floor in all directions; and suddenly I remembered the piano wire that the landlord and I had stretched.	Both Beaumont and I gave back a pace or two, and then realized and hung on to our courage, as you might say, and waited.	It was no use telling anything to Wentworth and the police, until I was certain; and, also, I believed that I stood a greater chance to succeed by myself; though, for that matter, I do not suppose anything would have taken them up to the Manor again that night.	_It_ had waited a long time.	I remember now, that the idea of that insensate thing becoming animate, and attacking me, did not occur to me with any sense of possibility or reality.	"As you will remember, it was a Captain Tobias who had been the previous tenant; and this was the very man, who had appeared from the well.	Afterward, I found that the incident was well-known about the countryside; but always regarded more as a legend than as history.	"Meanwhile, I had given the man from the well a stiff tot of whisky; for which he thanked me with a cheerful nod, and having emptied the glass at a draft, held his hand for the bottle, which he finished, as if it had been so much water.	"Suddenly, I saw that the great fire was blackening.	Yet, later, he would persuade himself that he had been getting fanciful.	It was, you know, as if I knew.	When I had done this I locked up the Chapel and handed the key to Sir Alfred Jarnock, having first taken an impression in soap.	"There may be other houses--" I began.	Underneath the table I had several buckets full of disinfectant.	Well, I'll tell you.	Was it merely the same Force, appearing differently to different people?"	"And then, you know, I saw something.	Carnacki was genially secretive and curt, and spoke only when he was ready to speak.	We got outside, and ran all the way to the village.	Then he remembered the men, and looked 'round at them.	I said nothing about the smell, which was not very distinct; but told her that the thing happening twice had made me a bit nervous, and possibly fanciful, and I thought I would take a look 'round, just to feel satisfied.	And then it was, after this little time of partial relief from intense nervousness, that there came a fresh strain on me; for somewhere in the utter quiet of the Chapel, I thought I heard something.	The fire was big and cheerful, and the candles before the two rows of doors, burnt steadily, as well as the solitary ones in the corners.	"For a long time I lay awake; but managed eventually to get some sleep.	"From the detective there came a sudden shout:-- "'Captain Tobias!'	"From then until two o'clock, nothing happened; but a little after two, as I found by holding my watch near the faint glow of the closed lanterns, I had a time of extraordinary nervousness; and I bent toward the landlord, and whispered to him that I had a queer feeling something was about to happen, and to be ready with his lantern; at the same time I reached out toward mine.	At the second go, I got it.	That is what I kept thinking.	That's how it makes you feel.	To my surprise, she assured me she had never been out of her room.	You understand, I feel sure, that the sense of respect, which I spoke of, is not really unhealthy egotism; because, you see, I am not blind to the state of mind which helped me.	After that, I placed lighted candles before each of the sealed doors, and one in each corner of the big room; and then I lit the fire.	"'Your gun,' I said to the landlord, and he brought it from the front hall, and passed it over to the inspector, who took it and ejected the empty shell from the right barrel.	The death of the tramps was certainly curious; but did not prove that any supernatural agency had been at work.	But now, suddenly, it ran clear away into the distance, and was nothing more than a slightly deeper colored nucleus far away in the strange colored atmosphere.	He was doubtless responsible for some portions of the 'haunting'; in fact I think for nearly everything, but, you know, I can prove nothing and what I have to tell you is chiefly the result of deduction.	I looked at them, stupidly.	"Well, it seems that the door into the hall was open and suddenly the girl said: 'H'sh!	They found her awake and ill with sheer terror, having been awakened by the neighing, seemingly close to her bed.	The thing was held by a brawny fist and arm, that rose out of the water.	"As I came to the bottom step, I saw patches of wet all up and down the passage.	"And I thought you chaps would be interested to hear my news.	In the same instant I fired three chambers of my revolver.	"I saw at once that none of the doors had been opened; then I threw the beam of my light down alongside the stairway, in order to see the mat I had placed against the door at the top of the cellar stairs.	It seems that as the two of them were going through the big lower corridor, just after dusk and before the lamps had been lighted, there had been a sudden, horrible neighing in the corridor, close to them.	No.	I felt the 'creep' go all over me, and seem to stop in my brain.	I suggested that it might be well to leave the bedroom door open a little until the dawn came in, as there was certainly something abroad.	I think I never saw anything finer than the old man standing there between his daughter and that infernal thing.	'There it is again.'	Near the bottom of the pile, however, I came upon something _definitely_ extraordinary.	I view all reported 'hauntings' as unproven until I have examined into them, and I am bound to admit that ninety-nine cases in a hundred turn out to be sheer bosh and fancy.	"One of those cases of continuity of thought producing a positive action upon the immediate surrounding material," replied Carnacki.	And then in the succeeding comparative darkness, I was shouting to the Captain and Parsket to run Miss Hisgins out into the daylight.	A cold, nervous pricking went up my spine, and 'round my forehead from the back.	"Perhaps two minutes passed, full of what seemed like an almost unearthly quiet.	Not a word had come from him and not a question from me.	And there, in the middle, was the ring ... the gateway of the monster, lying demure and ordinary.	"And the tramps?"	I said; and the older boy nodded.	In my movements within the pentacle I must have touched one of the jars of water; for just where the thing had made its attack the jar that guarded the 'deep' of the 'vale' had been moved to one side, and this had left one of the 'five doorways' unguarded.	"I was helped to my knees by the Captain and the butler.	"Then we lit the lanterns and went upstairs.	"The thing is beyond further discussion; for it is futile to attempt to discuss a thing, to any purpose, of which one has a knowledge so fragmentary as this.