You don't know that I saw a queer figure down on the maindeck, several nights before you saw that thing up here."	"There's more'n one!"	"I hope so, too," he replied, and stepped out on deck.	I did not feel particularly nervous, as there were now two lanterns in each rigging, and a couple standing upon each of the spare top-masts under the bulwarks.	"Yes, Sir," said the men in a chorus.	"You're a young idiot!"	I tried to get past old Jaskett; but he was clinging to the rigging, sprawled on to it, is the best way to describe his attitude, so much of it as I could see in the darkness.	"If someone else will come."	At eight o'clock, when we came on deck for the eight to twelve watch, I saw the Sailmaker coming forrard along the deck, from the Second Mate's old berth.	He looked down quickly to the light, and did as I suggested.	But though I knew otherwise, I did not contradict him.	I looked up, and saw that he had sprung across to where the Second Mate was standing.	At the same moment, I caught the Second Mate's voice away aft, shouting.	I moved away from the rail and went towards Williams.	Plummer!"	"Proofs!	"It's Jessop, Sir," I answered.	Even as I spoke, the little beggar caught at my sleeve with one hand; and, pointing across to the log-reel with the other, screamed: "He's coming!	"Come down off there," he said, quickly.	"What's up, anyway?"	I think I had hardly realised he was still singing out at me.	"I believe--" he began, and then stopped once more.	I told them, at length, and while I was doing so, the time-keeper brought up the lights and lashed one up on the sheerpole in each rigging.	The dullness went from Tom's face, suddenly.	"i, i, Sir," I muttered at length, and went forrard.	He may well have taken the cry for a signal, and our actions for something not far short of mutiny.	His back was still towards us, and he had not seen Tammy.	"Supposing there are others," he said, suddenly.	It was our middle watch on deck, and the ship was full of the blow and hum of the wind aloft.	"It's possible," I replied.	He stopped, suddenly.	As I was doing this, Jock went to the door for a look.	"Send another man to the wheel."	Take your paraffin tins with you.	Then, holding it above his head, he went a few ratlines higher.	sit down; you're all in a shake, man."	This they did, and at the second heave the shackle came away.	Then, with the aid of the Second Mate and one of the hands, he brought out the three dead chaps on to the after hatch, and there sewed them up, with a few lumps of holy stone at their feet.	"Now, you men," he said to the Mate's watch, "get forrard; we can't do anything more.	I hesitated to tell him what I really thought.	"No!"	"Yes," he said, after a little pause; and then he swore.	I'll mention it to the Second when I get a chance."	"The wind caught the sail, and it lashed back over the yard--" "What wind?"	For a little while, the Old Man stared.	"Nor me," Plummer agreed.	"I mean we weren't mistaken this morning," he said.	"Yes," I replied.	For an instant there was a blur over my eyes, and Williams was singing out something that I could not catch.	You've been dreaming."	"It may only have been an accident."	"Shut up a minute."	"Be careful with that flare there!"	There were three dead, and Stubbins had gone utterly and completely.	accident."	I knew that if it were just a matter of bad steering on Tammy's part, he would not have dreamt of doing such a thing.	I said.	"Where's she got to, Jaskett?"	"Hold on a moment!"	"No," I said.	the Skipper was singing out.	On the way, the Second Mate and the Skipper passed us.	"Certainly," I replied.	"What do you think about it, _now_?"	"Where's Plummer, then?"	"Yes," I replied; "he spotted me going aft.	"Would you go?"	From the whole crowd of us there went up a yell of fear, and then, with one accord, there was a run for the lighted fo'cas'le.	No one was about the maindeck.	I hurried on, and then stopped, suddenly.	"Yes," he remarked.	Then his voice came along the deck: "Another man to the wheel!"	"We lost two on 'em just sime way, comin' art."	And perhaps Mr. Blooming 'prentice will be able to give the star its proper name."	"God help us!"	It's so difficult to explain.	Down on deck, I heard someone calling; but could not distinguish the words.	I cursed him thoroughly to myself, for being a pig-headed old fool, until it occurred to me that if I had been in his place, and come on deck to find the ship almost aback, and the fellow at the wheel staring out across the sea, instead of attending to his business, I should most certainly have kicked up a thundering row.	"I won't have any back talk."	The Second Mate shouted out something unintelligible, and jumped for the ladder.	I heard the Skipper gasp, and he fumbled in his side pocket.	I can't see very plainly yet."	At times, moans and gasps came from him, and sometimes curses.