Transcriber's Note:     This etext was produced from _Planet Stories_ September 1952.	"We'll be able to trace their development and find out what it was that made them become what they were."	"That's the part that worries me.	1.D.	"Look, hundreds of drums."	He hesitated a moment and then tossed the rock high in the air.	All three of them stood together.	It can fire into the sky, shoot down anything that flies.	"It's alive," Nasha whispered.	"You'll lead us back there, as a good captain should."	"I?	"Not much.	Let's go back to the ship and load up.	After everything else was gone."	The rock passed in front of the gun.	"We'll send you in the first party.	"Up beside me.	We'll be leaving about--" He stopped.	"Even at the end, even after they had begun to fight they still knew, someplace down inside them, that their real treasure was this, their books and pictures, their myths.	He was wearing a pressure suit; there were still many small leaks, and radioactive particles from the atmosphere had already found their way into the ship.	"I must have put my finger over the lens.	Dorle nodded.	Broken off, I suppose.	No one fires it."	I suppose this is some sort of a telescopic sight."	She touched Dorle's arm gently.	"More pictures.	This one gun, still alert, ready to kill.	Tance closed the spool up in the drum again.	*       *       *       *       * Nasha stood in the control room, watching the planet fall away behind them.	We're not such an easy target."	It swung-- "Don't move!"	Nasha said.	"I said how glad I'd be to walk on firm ground again, but--" "Come on," Nasha said.	It was night.	"Fire over here, wiring ignited."	Dorle was already prying at the wood.	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	They came gingerly after him.	"That," he said, "is the dragon.	Maybe some of the great blast was deflected here."	With its metal-armored guardian dead there was no danger any longer.	To the damaged gun.	Nasha glanced at him.	"So there is life here, after all," he said, half to himself.	"Give us a hand, we've got to land the ship!"	Dorle was wandering around the vault.	Nasha smiled a little.	"Oh?	What a strange evolutionary trait, inter-species warfare.	"Why not people?"	"What a place to be stuck in."	The sun, cold and yellow, hung above them in the colorless sky.	It was a picture.	"What is it?"	"I think I've found something.	"Look," Dorle said suddenly.	"Give a hand!"	"I'm rather partial to you," she said.	Section 1.	According to your theory the inhabitants must have died in their skins, fried like yams.	A boy in a blue garment, smiling pleasantly, staring ahead, young and handsome.	And meanwhile we should keep on trying to get the ship in condition for the trip back."	The ship shuddered, falling suddenly down, then righting itself as automatic controls took over.	Nasha sucked in her breath.	They walked together, their metal shoes crunching the ground underfoot.	"No menace?"	Nasha paused, rubbing her cheek.	It's just waiting for us to take off again."	We can't afford to send out a party."	"Now what?"	Nasha looked back.	"What is it?	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.net/license).	So what difference does it make whether we go closer or not?"	Nasha shrugged.	All our reasoning tells us that no life could exist; the whole planet burned dry, the atmosphere itself gone, completely poisoned."	"This was part of a tower windmill."	"Next time it won't be there to shoot us down.	Dorle nodded slowly.	It was loaded with wiring cables.	Probably it detected us as soon as we entered the gravitational field of the planet.	We have work to do here."