Hendricks raised the antenna.	I want one of you to come up here."	He studied her.	But I know it exists."	We're close.	Come over here.	Do you think we can find it in an hour?"	"Will you come up to the surface?	They track down life, wherever they find it."	The Ivans knocked them off almost as fast as they crawled out of their underground tunnels.	Holding the transmitter tightly Hendricks called the code of the command bunker.	The situation was different.	Hendricks saw the gun butt coming.	No answer.	No life up there, only tree trunks and ash.	He plodded carefully along behind, picking his way over the ash.	David and another David.	You'll be able to sight all the way to the bunker entrance."	"Scott!	He strode over the ash, holding his gun tightly with both hands.	Tasso pulled back toward him.	Frankly, that's what I would do, if a runner tried to call from the Soviet lines.	Life was not the same, anymore.	"Why?"	A moment later he was walking slowly toward the pile of bricks and debris beside the dead tree stump.	he asked.	Hendricks drew his pistol.	Not over half a mile from us.	Stopping now and then, resting and getting its strength.	"This used to be France.	There was a long pause.	*       *       *       *       * It wasn't possible.	"I'll come up with you and give you a hand."	You understand, don't you?	Hendricks ran his hands over the surface of the well stones.	There isn't much time to spare, Yank!"	He looked at his watch.	Klaus smiled bitterly.	"That's true, I suppose."	The sky was black.	"Almost."	David was gone.	All but the troops.	Klaus slithered up beside him.	They went away."	"There's supposed to be a ship near here.	"Why didn't you destroy him sooner?"	"Answer me!"	He retreated, blasting at them and moving back, trying to break through the ring.	No one was watching.	Maybe it was abandoned.	It was too risky; nobody wanted to be around them.	Well, Major?	Klaus squatted down, resting his gun butt against the ground.	Silence.	Hendricks brought his transmitter from his belt, raising the antenna.	Clouds of ash rolled across the evening sky.	I think he killed Rudi for a good purpose."	A chill went up his back.	She shrugged.	Are there just the two rooms?"	"I'm an American," Hendricks said.	Hendricks set his jaw.	"You're going to sleep?"	*       *       *       *       * "Give me a hand up," Hendricks said.	"Can you get us to the Moon Base?"	Now do you understand?"	Tasso shrugged.	"Scott!	"I don't want it.	"We'll pull you under if anything happens," Klaus said.	Then a voice came, hard, thin, metallic.	"This is Scott."	You're injured.	You let them stamp themselves, repair themselves.	*       *       *       *       * The morning was crisp and clear.	She tensed.	"No."	He waved his arm again.	"Your life would have been a lot different if there had been no war.	At the top of the rise Tasso and Klaus were firing down.	"No.	Tasso blasted it.