We all had a drink to the saving of a great race that might have become extinct.	I mean, do you know what you look like?"	Two years ago, on the bleak surface of Eros, Yurt had asked Engstrom to do the same thing.	I added, still a little awed: "We know how long ago your world died."	It thought about that for a while.	I was nearing the "bottom" of the chunk, the part that had been the deepest beneath Sorn's surface before the blow-up.	Maybe she was crying.	They were there.	When I understood, I nodded, too.	Their average lifespan had been 12,000 years or a little over.	We'd taught him a lot--he'd been a child at the blow-up, too--and he'd taught us a lot.	"But I can't.	I thought I knew why.	Why do I want you to kill me?"	Five hundred years, Eert-mn--not too long.	If the human body is a furnace, then the Zen body is a feeder pile.	Teams had surmised from scientific records found on Eros, as well as from geophysical evidence scattered throughout the other bodies.)	She was even quieter.	Wait here."	she asked again.	"I'm not a Zen.	And there had been no special stress given the distinction, just clear, precise thinking, like Yurt's.	"I am--last of Zen," it said.	She said, "I can see enough of my own body to--and--yes ..." "Yurt," I said, "here's the female we thought we might find.	"If it becomes necessary."	I brought it sharply back to target.	"Please, will you kill me?"	I was studying it closely, looking for the features which Yurt had described to us: the lighter red fur of arms and neck, the peculiar formation of flesh and horn on the lower abdomen.	Keep this in mind, by the way: I barely knew the language, and the Zen could barely remember it.	Why should it have, when I already knew Yurt so well--considered him, in fact, one of my closest friends?	So the Zen before me was, by our standards, about twenty-five years old.	Feldman said, "Well, I'll be blessed."	He moved closer to her, not even looking back to talk to me.	"There are no others," she said almost inaudibly.	But I didn't pick her up.	*       *       *       *       * I went back to the _Lucky Pierre_ and got Yurt.	Big yellow eyes blinked unemotionally at the glare of the torch, and I cut down its brilliance with a twist of the polarizer lens.	Finally it nodded, and I thought, as I had often before, how curious it was that this gesture should be common to Earthmen and Zen.	From the coloring, I knew this Zen was a female.	*       *       *       *       * So the three of us went our separate ways, and soon were out of sight of one another.	What I had already said to it were stock phrases that Yurt had taught me; I knew still more, but I couldn't speak Zennacai fluently by any means.	If she got suspicious or decided to throw a phobic tizzy, she could scatter shreds of me over a square acre of Vesta in less time than it would take me to yelp.	But I asked, "Why?"	when we appear brightly at the airlock, waiting to be let out.	She had been alone for three thousand years, on a chip of bone from her dead world beneath a sepulchre of stars.	"I've tried so often to do it myself," the Zen said softly.	The last and greatest Martian civilization, the _L'hrai_, had risen and fallen in her lifetime.	And _that_ was the violent expression: restraint.	Yurt, who spoke excellent English, said, "Bless you all."	My hair did _not_ stand on end, regardless of what you've heard me quoted as saying.	Cap Feldman asked me what was up, and I told him, and he said, "Well, I'll be blessed!"	The Zen moved away from the rock, but not away from me.	I wanted to hang around, but I knew how I'd feel if a Zen, say, wouldn't go away if I were the last man alive and had just met the last woman.	We already knew that the Zens had been better astronomers at their peak than we were right now, even though they'd never mastered space travel; so I didn't expect this one to boggle at the notion of creatures from another world.	mn?"	It came a little closer, actually, and peered up at my helmeted, mirror-glassed head--unmistakably the seat of intelligence, it appears, of any race anywhere.	A tiny motion here, a quiver there, but very quiet and still for the most part.	I realized that here was only a sick girl, no tiny monster.	I told her that the Zen had been, all evidence indicated, the toughest, hardest, longest-lived creatures God had ever cooked up: practically independent of their environment, no special ecological niche; just raw, stubborn, tenacious life, developed to a fantastic extreme--a greater force of life than any other known, one that could exist almost anywhere under practically any conditions--even floating in midspace, which, asteroid or no, this Zen was doing right now.	This creature had been born before Christ!	Even so, in your thousand-year terms, young lady, you're not too old to change._ "Will you kill me?"	*       *       *       *       * I'd been expecting that.	It hadn't spoken, except to itself, for three thousand years.	"What if they don't like each other?"	For a moment the human quality of her thinking terrified me ... the feeling you might have waking up some night and finding your pet puppy sitting on your chest, looking at you with wise eyes and white fangs gleaming ... Then I thought of Yurt--smart, friendly Yurt, who had learned to laugh and wisecrack--and I came out of the jeebies.	"But I remember--I remember things _different_ from this.	I was already familiar with the Zens' enormous intelligence, knowing Yurt as I did ... but imagine thinking to qualify _years_ with _my_ when just out of nowhere a visitor from another planetary orbit pops up!	Maybe that, I thought, was what evolution always worked toward.	"And you know what I am?"	"So.	She was exhibiting every ounce of emotion a Zen is capable of, which is a lot; and I could recognize it, but not in any familiar terms.	Then I said, "Yes," realizing that the nod wasn't visible through the one-way glass of my helmet.	It didn't.	"From out there.	Difficult, aliens--or being alien.	But the Zen's question, even my rationalization of my reaction to it, had given me a chill.	Air ... heat ... light ... how do I live here?"	Again I felt amazement at its intelligence; (and it suddenly occurred to me that astronomy and nuclear physics must have been taught in Sorn's "elementary schools"--else that _my years_ and _atom explosion_ would have been all but impossible).	*       *       *       *       * And then blank astonishment sank home in me--astonishment at the last two words of her remark.	Was it--" She fumbled for a word--"was it atom explosion?"	My feet tangled with a rock.	Ed Reiss, the biologist, was looking hardest for animate life, naturally.	*       *       *       *       * I had crossed a long, rounded expanse of rock--lava, wonderfully colored--and was descending into a boulder-cluttered pocket.