You'll maybe get home after Anna and me want to light the lamps, and we can't do it till it's fixed."	We can't make it again.	"Then we won't have any music.	Why, I could outpitch and outchop and outshoot any of you whippersnappers, until they ..." Old Jim walloped the chair arm.	Looking toward town he saw that Tom Pace had been on his way home, and the sound had caught him between trees.	What we want is going to last us--and what we don't want will come too late to hurt us.	I just bet.	"_I_ was there, you old ... now, now, Jim, don't spit, for Godsake!	It was a good gun, a straight-shooter, one of the best--which was why it was here instead of at his house.	"Why, you whippersnapper," Jim growled, "you just go ahead and run 'em.	"Ben," she said, when he sat down again, "I wish you'd take a look at the phonograph too.	You're gonna get a sore eye, I swear--tobacco in it.	Takes a plane a while to know it's hurt, don't it?	You can tell the fish about who got the plane."	We just might.	*       *       *       *       * From outside came the late morning sounds: the murmuring of Smoky Creek at the edge of town, under its cool tunnel of willows; the twittering of a flock of robins circling above; the constant soft rustle of the trees that crowded the green hills around.	Tom dealt out two cards, and said, "War!"	"I see."	Even one right after this one, ten years or so, if this one's over.	What can a man lose more'n his life?...	A funny kind of peace.	Something to walk under.	For planes.	I'd shout and yell and pray; I'd pray almighty God for you to get it!"	He put his thin back against the cushions and pushed at the edge of the table with his hands.	It mighta been Joey ... they looked alike."	reminded him of all old Jim had said, and he shook his head.	About who's fighting who over what.	*       *       *       *       * He stopped by the door of the Town Hall to listen carefully, his sharp old eyes half-shut.	It was rationed to two cups a day; he always took his with his lunch, and sometimes he'd have sold a leg to dive into a full pot.	On the way in Ben had noticed that the woodbox was about empty--he'd have to bring home another bag of charcoal from the "general store"--which was Windy's barn, all braced up.	"Smoky Creek looks dead as Sodom.	"Two ain't _enough_," old Jim said bitterly.	We're ready as we can be if another plane comes around.	"Well, we were talking about that this morning down at the hall, Suse.	"Well," Windy said, "I hope we keep on getting 'em--them as sees us, anyway.	Jim snorted.	About how the international mess is getting worse again, and we better make more bombs for the next one.	"Ben--about the phonograph--" "Suse ..." He turned his head to look at her eyes.	It came down low over Main Street while the thunders of its first pass still echoed and rolled.	The only time anybody in town ever lit a lamp was on Social night: then the old people stayed up till around midnight for eats and entertainment; otherwise everybody got to bed at eight or so, and climbed out with the dawn.	His house was in pretty good shape.	Jim closed his eyes, and his face looked like a skull.	The porch had been down too, right after the bombing--but the old men, working at night, had raised it and braced it up.	We got enough gardens and livestock, and all the canned stuff in the store, to last us for a ... for as long as we got.	Other than that, it ain't our concern."	I think they will, real soon.	I can spit to where you sit, and I can spit faster'n you can move, I bet, unless you're faster'n a fly, and you ain't.	The blood from eyes, nose, ears, mouth--_his_ blood it was, part of it.	We shoot, and maybe it shoots too, and we pray."	"Ben ...	Ben Bates looked at one of the two cards Tom Pace had dealt--his hole card.	He shook his head wonderingly.	"Maybe they did," Ben said.	But I got it, all right.	Here, it's peaceful."	She started to put down her knitting and get up, and he said, "Just asking," and pressed her shoulder till she sat again.	"You keep talking so high and mighty," Tom said, "we'll carry you out o' here and take you and dump you in the creek.	Might even find rifle bullets."	It's a world for old people.	"It 'us just after I let loose it started smoking," old Jim snarled, "and nobody else was shooting right then!	Ben leveled his rifle and centered the nose of the plane in his sights.	"Never settled nothing ... just makes the biggest dog top-dog for a while, so he can get his way.	"Grateful _I_ got it," Jim Liddel grunted.	After a moment he said, "We got so much else, though, Suse ... we got peaceful music you can't play on a machine.	You better fix it before you go.	Enough so they found him two blocks up the street, in front of his mashed house, trailing blood from every hole in him, to get to his family before he died.	But Anna Kincaid didn't know that.	Now Ben and his wife Susan lived downstairs in his house; Joe Kincaid and his wife Anna lived on the second floor; and Tom Pace lived in the attic, claiming that climbing the stairs was good for his innards.	I got to crying today.	That was the signal, Ben's shot.	A town that was dead shouldn't have a lot of new graves--the dead don't bury themselves.	That's one wish we don't want the good Lord to grant, ain't it?	"Wouldn't know where to, would they?"	She popped out an eye with a twist of the point.	Ben pursed his lips, tasting the coffee.	Ben sat down and stretched out his legs again.	You too, Tom.	"Maybe," Tom continued, coming up, "it's all over.	He left the trees and walked fast up his front path.	How's a cat or two for supper sound?"	Ben listened and didn't hear what he was listening for.	"A man ain't nothing, when he's as old as us," Jim Liddel said, his skull sockets closed, "except what he done.