I was really amused with the attention she received from the Southern ladies; knowing how they would have shrunk from such offices if they had known that one drop of the outcast blood ran in her veins."	She blushed and sighed, and referred him to her papa; and in a few weeks they were engaged.	The Reconstruction Act, by placing the vote in the hands of the colored man, had given him a new position.	This generation has known him as a being landless, poor, and ignorant.	"Well, just wait till I fix my hair; it won't take long."	She made up her mind to sell her off the place, and picked the opportunity, while her son was absent, to send her to a trader's pen in the city.	She immediately recognized him, although his handsome face had become somewhat bronzed by exposure in camp and field.	"Were you badly treated?"	"What is the matter?"	Le Grange consented, and when he went to the city again he told his wife he was going to sell the child.	Who would imagine he saw in this bright and radiant girl of fifteen the little five-year-old child we took to our hearts and home?	She has known for years that their home has been one of the stations of the underground railroad.	One died in the army,--and she had some business in Washington connected with him.	Le Croix, before his death, had sold the greater part of his slaves, and invested the money in Northern bonds and good Northern securities.	I would soften the asperity of the mobs, and bring into our politics a deeper and broader humanity.	What has happened to disturb thee?"	Camilla following, wondering how she would like the young wife.	"My son," said Mrs.	"'Ah, indeed,' said the Commissioner, 'I didn't know that we had one of that family among us.	"Oh, never fear, thee's among friends; thee need not be afraid to tell all about thyself."	About ten years ago, my father brought her to Josiah Carpenter's but he's always been reticent about her, in fact I never took the pains to inquire.	"Yes, Louis," said Camilla, in a voice almost choked by emotion.	Before I believe this tale I must have some proof, clear as daylight.	"And did she leave you in the street to walk with a Nigger?"	I wasn't going to walk down the street with them!"	"Oh, father," said she, turning to Thomas, "how wicked and cruel this prejudice.	They are denied the right to walk in certain public places accessible to every class unless they go as nurses, and are forbidden to assemble in evening meetings, and forced to be in the house unless they have passes, by an early hour in the night, and in fact they are hampered or hemmed in on every side; subject to insults from any rude, coarse or brutal white, and in case of outrages, denied their testimony.	You could hear it on almost every side--'We are the best friends of the colored people.'	The South is in a state of agitation and [foment?].	said Minnie to the servant, who opened the door.	I have been trying to persuade our people to vote the Republican ticket, but to-day, I feel like blushing for the party.	"Oh, girls, I think it real cruel the way you talk!"	"It was a painful task," said Camilla, with a sigh of relief, as if a burden had fallen from her soul.	said Carrie, gazing admiringly upon her friend.	Had it been in time of peace, he could have easily decided, as he had a large amount of money in the North, which his father left him when he came of age.	The evening was enlivened with social chat and music, until ten o'clock, when Josiah gathered his children and having read the Bible in a deeply impressive manner, breathed one of the most simple and fervent prayers he had ever heard.	His mother said she had dedicated him to the Blessed Virgin, and I reckon she wanted to keep him out of the way of temptation.	"Do you know, Josiah, that I have more hope from the madness and folly of the South than I have from the wisdom and virtue of the North?	She says she was born in Virginia, and had one little girl there, but as she could not bear the idea of her child growing up in ignorance, she left the South and went to Albany.	Chapter IV "I am really sorry, Ellen, but I can't help it.	"That is just as strange as a romance I have been reading!"	She had great kindness and compassion for the race, but as far as social equality was concerned, though she had her strong personal likings, yet, except with Louis, neither custom nor education had reconciled her to the maintenance of any equal, social relations with them.	"Your country!	And Louis, who had never known any other mother seemed really gratified by her little kindnesses and attention; but of course the pleasant and quiet monotony of home did not suit the restless and disquieted spirit of Louis.	Minnie always seems so much like a child that I never get her associated in my mind with courtship and marriage.	You are so full of nonsense.	Here she comes.	We have passed through the fire since I saw you, and our troubles are not over yet; but we are hoping for better days.	The next person he met with was a colored man, who bowed and smiled, and took off his hat.	"Well, Mammy," said Camilla, "I'd rather he should know it than that he should go against his country and raise his hand against the dear old flag."	Tell me if there is any truth in this story."	She is his mother, he says, and that man is an ingrate who will not stand by his mother and defend her when she is in peril.	I don't envy you, but I can tell you something better than that."	The sullen expression turned to a look of tenderness and concern.	"Of course not; constant familiarity with the race has worn away all sense of physical repulsion but there is a prejudice which ought to be an American feeling; it is a prejudice against their rising in the scale of humanity.	I just came here yesterday with some of the Union soldiers."	Here kindness encouraged his path, and in that peaceful home every voice that fell upon his ear was full of tenderness and sympathy.	Chapter XIV Where was he steering; and now, the course of his life was changed, what kind of future must he make for himself?	My business calls me another way."	The hunt proving ineffectual, Louis after the search and excitement had subsided resumed his journey Northward, meeting with first one act of kindness and then another.	"That live or die, sink or swim, survive or perish," he would unite his fortunes to her destiny.	He surveyed the situation calmly and bravely, and then resolved that he would face the perils of re-capture rather than the contempt of his own soul.	"None, except to disguise myself and escape."	"Why he married Miss Henson, who sent you those beautiful flowers."	He said, "I walked from Lexington to Covington."	"Isaac!	Faith in God had underlain the life of the race, and was it strange if when even some of our politicians did not or could not read the signs of the times aright these people with deeper intuitions understood the war better than they did.	He is strongly Southern in his feelings, but having been educated in the North, whilst he is an enthusiast in defense of his section, as he calls the South, he is neither coarse and brutal in actions, nor fanatical in his devotion to slavery.	"'Oh!	"But where have you sold her?"	There was a look of dejection and intense sadness on the thin worn face, and a hungry look in the mournful eyes, as if his soul had been starving for kindness and sympathy.	"Why, Minnie, you are not going to walk down the street with that Nig--colored woman; if you are, please excuse me.	"I am really discouraged."	"And how then?"	"Was it Mr.	She felt it was no mean nor common privilege to be the pioneer of a new civilization.	When I see intemperance send its floods of ruin and shame to the homes of men, and pass by the grog-shops that are constantly grinding out their fearful grist of poverty, ruin and death, I long for the hour when woman's vote will be levelled against these charnel houses; and have, I hope, the power to close them throughout the length and breadth of the land."	"But, Josiah, we have much to blush for in Pennsylvania; colored people are denied the privilege of riding in our street cars.	said Minnie, to her adopted father.	Le Fevre, to dine with us.	"How does thee like Charles' friend?"	I'll get you a place to hide where nobody can't find you, and then I'll pump Massa 'bout the sojers."	We have been ostracized and abused, and often our husbands have been brutally murdered, in a number of instances when they were faithful to the dear old flag.