Though thorns may often pierce my feet,      And the shadows still abide,   The mists will vanish before His smile,      There will be light at eventide.	At such an hour men well may hush      Their discord and their strife,   And o'er that manger clasp their hands      With gifts to brighten life.	NOTHING AND SOMETHING.	THE REFINER'S GOLD.	.	.	.	Oh!	47   The Martyr of Alabama  .	"A LITTLE CHILD SHALL LEAD THEM."	To wear that badge as a token      She earnestly did crave,   So we laid it on her bosom      To wear it in the grave.	May the memory of the giver      In this home where age may rest,   Float like fragrance through the ages,      Ever blessing, ever blest.	Welcome, early visitants,      With your sun-crowned golden hair,   With your message to our hearts      Of our Father's loving care.	And lifted the gloomy shadows      That overspread my life,   And flooding my home with gladness,      Made me a happy wife.	Morn, springing from the arms of night,   Had often bathed his brow with light.	Men to stay the floods of sorrow      Sweeping round each war-crushed heart;   Men to say to strife and carnage--      From our world henceforth depart.	.	.	.	I heard the joy of the reapers' song,      As they gathered golden grain;   Then wearily turned unto my task,      With a lonely sense of pain.	Her husband was adding field to field,      And new wealth to his golden store;   And little thought the shadow of death      Was entering in at his door.	Crusaders once with sword and shield      The Holy Land to save;   From Moslem hands did strive to clutch      The dear Redeemer's grave.	1.E.8.	22 THE SPARROW'S FALL.	In the everlasting arms   Mid life's dangers and alarms   Let calm trust your spirit fill;   Know He's God, and then be still."	Wildly leaping, madly sweeping,      All relentless in their sway,   Like a band of cruel demons      Flames were closing 'round our way   Oh!	Men grasped the prize, grew proud and strong,   And cursed the land with crime and wrong.	44   Thank God for Little Children  .	Through every fane send forth a cry,      Of sorrow and regret,   Nor in an hour of careless ease      Thy brother's wrongs forget.	It is something, yes, all, for us to stand   Clasping by faith our Saviour's hand;   To learn to labor, live and fight   On the side of God and changeless light.	.	It was when tender memories      Round Beth'lem's manger lay,   (49)   50 THE MARTYR OF ALABAMA.	Our world, so worn and weary,      Needs music, pure and strong,   To hush the jangle and discords      Of sorrow, pain, and wrong.	.	1.B.	.	.	Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including including checks, online payments and credit card donations.	66 THE HERMIT'S SACRIFICE.	.	23   GOD BLESS OUR NATIVE LAND.	.	THE NIGHT OF DEATH.	For awhile, all strife forgotten,      They were only brothers then,   Joining in the sweet old chorus,      Not as soldiers, but as men.	.	Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.	23   GOD BLESS OUR NATIVE LAND.	That I who fell, and he who sinned,      Shall reap as we have sown;   That each the burden of his loss      Must bear and bear alone.	A ray of light, and drop of dew,   Came with a message, kind and true;   They told her of the world so bright,   Its love, its joy, and rosy light,   And lured her from her hiding-place,   To gaze upon earth's glorious face.	And earth shall answer with gladness,      The herald angel's refrain,   When "Peace on earth, good will to men"      Was the burden of their strain.	.	Till our world, so sad and weary,      Finds the balmy rest of peace--   Peace to silence all her discords--      Peace till war and crime shall cease.	.	They shall see Him when the trembling earth      Is rocking to and fro;   They shall see Him in the order      The seasons come and go.	THANK GOD FOR LITTLE CHILDREN.	But above the waves' wild surging      He had found a safe retreat,   As if God had sent an angel,      Just to guide his wandering feet.	Thank God for little children,      Bright flowers by earth's wayside,   The dancing, joyous lifeboats      Upon life's stormy tide.	Twas a night of dreadful horror,--      Death was sweeping through the land;   And the wings of dark destruction      Were outstretched from strand to strand   Strong men's hearts grew faint with terror,      As the tempest and the waves   54 THE NIGHT OF DEATH.	72 AN APPEAL TO MY COUNTRYWOMEN.	Not for greater gifts of genius;      Not for thoughts more grandly bright,   All the dying poet whispers      Is a prayer for light, more light.	A lonely man sat by the bier      Of a corpse that was going East.	.	To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit http://pglaf.org While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.	My hands were weak, but I reached them out      To feebler ones than mine,   RENEWAL OF STRENGTH.	Maceo dead!	Oh, ye who license men to trade   In draughts that charm and then degrade,   Before ye hear the cry, Too late,   Oh, save the boys from my sad fate.	That homeless one beheld beyond      His lonely agonizing pain,   A love outflowing from His heart,      That all the wandering world would gain.	25   Home, Sweet Home .	To living founts their feet shall tend,      And Christ shall be their guide,   Beloved of God, their rest shall be      In safety by His side.	In the silence of the even,      When the cannon's lips were dumb,   HOME, SWEET HOME.	.	Let holy horror blanch each brow,      Pale every cheek with fears,   And rocks and stones, if ye could speak,      Ye well might melt to tears.	.	Take from your streets those traps of hell   Into whose gilded snares I fell.	.	.	.	Nor let it be said that we have forgot   The women who stood with Lucretia Mott;   Nor her who to the world was known   By the simple name of Lucy stone.	Not for greater gifts of genius;      Not for thoughts more grandly bright,   All the dying poet whispers      Is a prayer for light, more light.	From the fields of strife and carnage,      Gentle thoughts began to roam,   And a tender strain of music   Rose with words of "Home, Sweet Home."	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	THE REFINER'S GOLD.	.