His companionship was an unexpected pleasure.	True as steel.	Iola was a stranger in that city.	By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.	She made application for membership.	I wanted ter re'lize I war free, an' I couldn't, tell I got out er de sight and soun' ob ole Miss.	"And I think," said Rev.	And our owners thought we cared nothing about what was going on."	"Let us return home," said Marie.	Iola, I have loved you ever since I have seen your devotion to our poor, sick boys.	She graduates next week, and I intend to marry her before I return home.	"Protect them in peace!"	Is that so?"	But she's jis' fell froo.	But so strong was the force of habit, combined with the feebleness of his moral resistance and the nature of his environment, that instead of being an athlete, armed for a glorious strife, he had learned to drift where he should have steered, to float with the current instead of nobly breasting the tide.	He is a man whom if everybody hated him no one could despise him."	Were I to marry you I would carry an aching heart into your home and dim its brightness.	Harry winced when the question was asked.	Hitherto we have never had a country with tender, precious memories to fill our eyes with tears, or glad reminiscences to thrill our hearts with pride and joy.	He thinks slavery is not wrong if you treat them well and don't sell them from their families.	I'se gwine ter axe him ter take supper wid you.	"And what would grandma and Uncle Robert say?"	"Very fine sentiments," said Lorraine, "and were I as rich as you I would indulge in them also.	The homely enjoyment of that evening was very welcome to her after the trying scenes through which she had passed.	Uncle Dan'el, dere's room for you ef you'll go."	I'd ruther lib in a corn-crib.	My father was a wealthy Creole planter, who fell in love with my mother.	An' he went, too.	It sets you up too much.	Although the slaves were denied unrestricted travel, and the holding of meetings without the surveillance of a white man, yet they contrived to meet by stealth and hold gatherings where they could mingle their prayers and tears, and lay plans for escaping to the Union army.	Lying is said to be the vice of slaves.	I suppose, for her sake, I will consent to have her go back with you, at least for awhile."	They walked together a short distance till they reached Mr. Cloten's store; then, bidding the doctor good morning, Iola left him repeating to himself the words of his favorite poet:--     "Thou art too lovely and precious a gem       To be bound to their burdens and sullied by them."	Tom told me of it and I issued orders for her release."	I believe it was the lady's intention to have freed Marie at her death, but she died suddenly, and, the estate being involved, she was sold with it and fell into the hands of my agent.	He buyed her, he said, for his housekeeper; as many gals as dere war on de plantation, why didn't he git one ob dem to keep house, an' not dat nice lookin' young lady?	I knows nuff to git to hebben, and dat's all I wants to know."	She was papa's slave before she     married.	You got my letter?"	Bad as ole Marster war, I think she jis' lob'd de groun' he walked on.	He wouldn't stay wid any such rascal as he war."	There was a rapt and far-off look in her eye, as if she were looking beyond the present pain to a brighter future for the race with which she was identified, and felt the grandeur of a divine commission to labor for its uplifting.	It seemed as if the fate of Tantalus was hers, without his crimes.	He and Marie generally spent that time with them at some summer resort.	I tell yer, Cap, dat jis' got to me, an' I made up my mine dat my boy should neber call me a coward."	asked the Doctor.	She has threatened to take them away if the colored girl remains."	His wits, however, did not forsake him, and he received the introduction and survived it.	"Oh, Lindy," she cried, "I'se glad from de bottom ob my heart ter see you's all.	"What is it, Iola?"	But who believes any good can come out of the black Nazareth?"	Never mine; wait till I'se gone, an' you'll miss me."	"What did Mr. Parker say?"	The colored man has escaped from one slavery, and I don't want him to fall into another.	I did not think it was the wisest thing, but I yielded to his desires.	When the battle-field was to be searched for the wounded and dying, no hand was more tender in its ministrations of kindness than his.	He gazed upon her so ardently that each cord of her heart seemed to vibrate, and unbidden tears sprang to her lustrous eyes, as she said, sadly:-- "Doctor, you are right."	We are all liable to err, and, having done wrong, all we can do is to make reparation."	but ain't dem tables turned.	A REVELATION.	He read it attentively, and, turning to Robert, said, "Here are orders for an engagement at Five Forks to-morrow.	An' its a shame how dey do sling de licker 'bout 'lection times."	An' Robby, I jis' tells yer what I wants; I wants some libe man to come down yere an' splain things ter dese people.	Slavery, polygamy, and human sacrifices have been practiced among Europeans in by-gone days; and when Tyndall tells us that out of savages unable to count to the number of their fingers and speaking only a language of nouns and verbs, arise at length our Newtons and Shakspeares, I do not see that the negro could not have learned our language and received our religion without the intervention of ages of slavery."	The last man in whose clutches I found myself was mean, brutal, and cruel.	The fever has left you, but I will not answer for the consequences if you get excited."	"Of course I am," responded Robert.	She looked steadfastly into his eyes, which fell beneath her truth-seeking gaze.	The battle in which Robert fought, after his last conversation with Captain Sybil, was one of the decisive struggles of the closing conflict.	There were songs of rejoicing and shouts of praise.	Frank Anderson had grown reckless and drank himself to death.	And what he says is law and gospel with the boys.	"Rev.	"Wonders will never cease.	Through a stratagem, I was brought hurriedly from the North, and found that my father was dead; that his nearest kinsman had taken possession of our property; that my mother's marriage had been declared illegal, because of an imperceptible infusion of negro blood in her veins; and that she and her children had been remanded to slavery.	"Why do you go there?"	Iola had found a school-room in the basement of a colored church, where the doors were willingly opened to her.	Uncle Jack listened very quietly, and when taxed with stealing his master's wheat he was ready with an answer.	I hate the whole thing from the bottom of my heart."	For awhile everything went as pleasantly as a marriage bell.	"I am satisfied," exclaimed Iola, fixing her eyes, beaming with hope and confidence, on Robert.	We have numbers of business men, rich enough to afford themselves the luxury of a good conscience."	I believe we will find her before long."