But has he      not compensations?	"In words," I added.	So I took my screws and washer, and telling him I would return, hurried back to the ship.	We only got in this morning."	Mac, too, will leave his palette and boards in peace, will lie luxuriantly in the big rocker, or, spade on shoulder, disappear among the shrubs at the lower end of the estate.	Not the niche, mind you, that the world might estimate as his, and which would procure for him the guerdon of wealth and fame and posthumous biographies; but the niche which he conceives to contain for him all that he, according to some highly original conception of ultimate justice, deserves.	I decided to approach the subject of manners circuitously.	"Yes," said Beppo, thrusting out his chin and working his neck slowly as Bill tied a napkin round it.	As a matter of fact it could not have been more than a couple of seconds.	Sailors had pigtails and all the rest of it.	"Pipe all hands to the galley.	It was my first experience of a sea-faker.	My brother's behaviour had nothing to do with it.	she said again.	He was never troubled with his heart when he sat in our parlour laying down the law to a harassed widow and trying to get her money into his own rotten little business.	Rosa came upstairs, and when I told her not to go into the café, she said she'd do as she liked.	What did he want to do?	I said, 'I've got nothing except an extra suit and some pyjamas.'	I was taken with the grimness of it.	Presently she returned, rather pale and at first reluctant to say very much.	And yet I wanted her.	It is popular to gibe at the Englishman's taciturnity abroad.	And if sport or business or, as in my case, study, takes up his attention, he will put it off for a while.	CHAPTER XII THE VISION FROM THE KILLS[A] For a long time that night I lay watching the gem-like glitter of the lights that fringed the eastern horizon.	"We've been listening."	"Finished?"	I did make some headway.	He was half asleep or he'd have wondered where her mast-lights were.	Gamblers have the most peculiar notions.	All I could do was to say, 'Go away, Frank, go away!'	Everyone remembers the exclusive description of the destruction of Constantinople in _The Morning_.	I had a momentary mental picture of him as some Roman staff-officer rushing back to the base in his chariot.	You remember Sir Walter Scott's confessed passion for giving a story 'a new hat and stick.'	There are a good many Italians in Egypt, as you know, and this paper had a correspondent in Cairo with a sharp pen that cut little cameos of the cosmopolitan life that centres round the Esbekiah Gardens.	There's an intermediate stage, what we engineers call being 'an improver,' in a man's life.	By which I mean that her hair was brown, her eye a warm hazel, and her skin of a satiny pallor that formed an effective background for a delightful flush that suffused her piquant features whenever her enthusiasm was roused.	says he, without opening his eyes.	'What?'	And swift upon this new interpretation we saw the great dangers of such a life to a woman of imperfect culture, strong passion and yet noble aspiration.	I was silent, merely returning the print so that my friend might study the weaknesses of a brother-artist.	Perhaps we don't feel it.	"Now come in and have some candy," said we.	There were a score or so in the house where he worked, a wholesale business in Wood Street.	I looked at the Chief in bewilderment.	Nail-scrubbers, manicuring tools, towels, sponges, creams, talcum powders, dentifrices, hair-lotions, blue bottles (with vermilion labels marked poison), green bottles marked ammonia, bottles with bulbs and sprays, cases of razors, festoons of strops--all these stood or lay on shelves at my elbow as I proceeded to wash my hands and face with a piece of yellow primrose soap that by some chance was among the welter of expensive brands.	Somehow I dreaded introducing him to Gladys.	she exclaimed, passing the toast.	It was apparently trying to rise, but without success.	It nearly killed me."	"We agreed upon that, you remember, when my novel was refused publication," I said, laughing.	And gold pens and silver inkpots and jade paper-weights are as incongruous as ivory-handled sledge-hammers and rose-wood jack-planes, when you come to think of it.	For that evening, after dinner, as I listened to the music of the Steersman's Song from the _Flying Dutchman_, it seemed only too likely that even after all these years, so deathless is passion in some hearts, the skilled hand of Frank Carville might set a woman's soul vibrating with some of the old ecstasy.	He told me that when Carville      went over his place at Avranches, he spent about ten minutes      looking over a monoplane, and then climbed into the seat.	He      can't coordinate the actions of men.	I can't tell you all about it.	There he was, fifteen, with a guinea a week to start.	"'Of course, Oscar knows,' said Rebecca.	Now      Carville, so D'Aubigne says, has a head like a gyroscope.	And I suddenly remembered she'd done the very same thing I was to do, long ago; broken out of her life and made a fresh start--on the sea.	I was pleased to find my friend was guilty, I was pleased with the sketch, yet puzzled to know how he had come to make it.	"You have not any children?"	"He was young and had never shaved the down which grew on his cheeks and the points of his chin.	You could not possibly imagine him vociferating "God save the King" or "Sons of the Sea."	But I was cured of glamour.	If he'd only been a little cleaner in his habits!	And the chart was out-of-date.	It seemed so futile talking to such a being.	On the continent there is the porter below and the door opens to let you in, not just to see what you want.	Once, too, I      saw him in the air, far away over Layer Marney, going towards      Colchester.	Good day to you."	I felt, more acutely than ever before, the distance between Rosa's environment and what I would have had it.	'Ah,' says he, blotting the articles, 'I'll expect he'll run off before we sail, Chief.	It generally happens that a young man in such a position as mine marries and settles down for good.	See what I mean?	I sat there running my fingers over the fret-work bracket that was designed for the Maltese lady in Pernambuco and trying to focus all these novel and conflicting ideas when I suddenly recollected I was on watch.	"I hope we shall see him then.	I had not realized it before!	"One leaf of the door opened and remained so for a second before a head appeared, a head of grey, upstanding hair and a dark, bushy beard.	Old Sam Johnson wasn't so far out when he voted for a tavern.	he says.	An author, as I conceive it, must be his own most uneasy, captious, cantankerous critic.	You must have roads, with pilgrims, or hoboes if you like, and artists and poets on foot, and taverns and talk.	'Why, she was only so high last time I was here,' says the Chief.