He sat down abruptly and waved the ruler.	It was a short, hurried scrawl in a rambling yet firm style, the down strokes heavy and black, half a dozen lines to the sheet.	That's like a man!'	It would not have done, you know.	The rank grasses hung over the path and there was a damp smell.	They say a bachelor has no worries of his own.	And this won't last forever, either, even if I wanted it to.'	We have assumed the role of policeman in an ebullient world.	'I suppose you know what a girl in my position usually wants of a single man, don't you?'	Here was a woman making the supreme appeal, locked up in a castle kept by a whole regiment of ogres, and challenging me to come to her rescue.	Yes, I should say she's had a splendid education.	They were just waiting until he was admitted.	You know, they say domestic ties strengthen a man's personality, stimulate him to ambition.	It'll be a fiver for you.	I told her what her father had said the night before, that a war might come soon.	I've told you.	'The Minister of the Interior has gone on a long tour in Anatolia, for his health.	Jack returned his gaze to the boat, which was approaching the edge of the shadow.	I'm in a fix.'	"Now what struck me about these revelations of M. Nikitos, made across the sloppy marble-topped table of the _Odeon_, was what I may call their preoccupied sincerity.	Oh, women are wonderful!	I have written a book, and I am dedicating it to you.	I won't say it is affection, because our relations are usually of the sketchiest description.	Of course he was English, with all the disabilities of his race to express emotion.	He muttered.	Safer!	And when I persisted, and wished to know what she would do then, she sighed and hoped I would always be her friend.	His hand moved absently and the girl, anticipating his desire as though they had rehearsed the performance many times, leaned forward, took a photograph from the table, and handed it to me.	Well, he was doing extremely well, having taken up international journalism.	Such women are episodic.	"'Nothing you want, eh?'	Which they were beginning to take, I added.	I suppose she regarded me as indigestible, for she kissed me without rapture, and I never saw her again.	And Madeline, his only child, was brought up in almost solitary confinement until she was twenty.	He lay perfectly motionless, but as I bent over him and searched the soft, delicate face in the first horror of grief, the eyes opened wide and blinked in a gaze of unconscious enquiry.	As I stood there taking this all in she came up and laughed, holding her lower lip between her teeth, as though challenging my criticism, and waiting with a certain amount of gallant trepidation for my verdict.	"'I don't know what to think,' he retorted, irritably.	she echoed, without turning round.	She was an extraordinarily beautiful creature just then.	We Westerners do not seem to prosper in such enterprises.	Yes, you laugh; but you have not been to sea as long as I have.	There was nothing crude in it.	"'Saloniki!	Do everything courteously and in due form but--be firm!	Next week possibly.	I hastily poured some water into a glass, got a piece of blotting paper, laid my pin on it, and waited for the homely trick to succeed.	Mrs. Evans bridled.	No doubt that gentleman would be fully occupied in setting his new venture on its feet.	"Well," said Mr. Spenlove, after a moment of silent reflection, "I came out of the Kentish Studios and climbed into my cab feeling very much as though I had been skinned.	"'No, I regret not.'	Honourable!	I would march him up town in the evening and stand him drinks, which he swallowed without looking at them.	And then they moved forward again, away from me, into a room sparsely set with French furniture and dominated by a lofty chandelier still shrouded in its summer muslin, and the door swung to, leaving me to contemplate the picture in its tarnished frame of the body of Hector being brought back to Troy.	We who go to sea especially.	Then why do you turn down young Siddons?'	But I discovered in that fog-bound boat that I knew very little about myself after all, that the future was absolutely unknown to me beyond the grand fact that I was going to the address which the girl had repeated twice in her musical contralto, and that I was mysteriously exalted about it.	We English have a way of weathering the gales of passion.	You might say that if she hadn't existed, the trend of his emotional development, the scheme on which he was engaged, would have compelled him to invent her.	and handed me the binoculars.	"I asked her in what way.	You know, it's a delicate business, disclaiming all desire for a woman.	I say I remember this because the next time I looked at him his expression had changed.	"'It's kind of you,' she said, with a faint smile, 'but _you_ wouldn't be able to do much.	'Use me.	As we drove in a swiftly moving taxi-cab through the gay streets of West London, and on out to Richmond, where she was staying with friends, I knew that in the end I should be free.	I regard that as a simple duty to those who have been under my protection.	And standing at the tall windows was a figure in a frock coat squinting through a telescope.	It was only that instead of trying to master them and clear them away, he cultivated them until they grew to monstrous proportions and he lost sight of reality altogether.	Waiters rushed to and fro bearing trays loaded with glasses.	"'Excuse me, won't you, talking like this.	And very often, I think, women marry men simply to keep them from ever encountering passion.	"'Why are you so anxious about a thing like that when you have so many cares?'	There was, if you will excuse the simile, something antiseptic in his character.	I tell you frankly, I was infatuated with her.	Just a nice walk for a morning like dis, Sir.	'But he said you told him lies.'	"They looked at each other.	The Chief, I heard him growling to the Third one day when he thought I was out of earshot, was nursing the mates nowadays.	One of the commonplaces of enchantment, I suppose.	The Surgeon and Paymaster were "temporary" and only waited the last shot to return to the comfortable sinecures, which they averred awaited them in London and Edinburgh.	I sat at my window looking at this woman, some neighbour's recently married daughter no doubt, my thoughts in a flurry of fear, for she was just as I had imagined her.	They are panoplied in prejudice and conventional purity.	I had that much imaginative manhood!