.	My dear fellow!	"Lower the ladder, smoky devil!"	she asked with indifference.	."	give you .	On the right, stretched the damp wall of the quay, like a cold heavy serpent.	Gavrilo was half dead from fright.	Yet good company.	Some more people ran up to us.	.	"And I wanted to start to town early.	.	began Tchelkache.	They incline the mirror at will and light the sea to find out if any folks like us are roving over it.	Iakov struggled desperately, striking the water and roaring like a walrus, while Malva, screaming with laughter, swam round and round him, throwing the salt water in his face, and then diving to avoid his vigorous blows.	"Was I not foolish, Vassili?	A few large boats and a small one were drawn up beyond high-water mark, and the waves as they ran up towards them seemed as if they were calling to them.	"It's nothing!"	.	How much money have you saved?"	He knew that he had it in his power to do what he would with him.	"Perhaps I won't give you a good beating?"	He was not surprised.	"Hey there!"	He walked along beside Tchelkache, and said under his breath: "The custom-house officers can't find two boxes of goods.	The sea, caressing their sides, seemed to dully implore them while they responded by a cold, rumbling echo, as though they were disputing and refusing to yield.	Covered with grimy rags, bent under their burdens, they move through clouds of dust in the hot and noisy atmosphere, dwarfed to insignificance beside the colossal iron structures, mountains of merchandise, noisy wagons and all the other things that they have themselves created.	.	Is it right to work oneself up to such a state for money .	"All right, don't.	Her cheeks were sunburnt and plump, her lips red and tempting and now, parted in a malicious smile, showing the white even teeth, they seemed to tremble.	.	When the sharp edge of the oar had been brought down once more, harder this time, on Gavrilo's back, he arose and, not daring to open his eyes, resumed his seat and feeling for the oars, sent the boat ahead.	"Yes," growled Vassili.	"Two weeks, that's all!"	"Your mother probably sent messages for your father by you?"	"Stop howling!"	"Absolve my sin!	"Foolish girl!"	I'm lost!	Breathing freely, he looked around him.	"Go, go away!"	"Good!	.	Then she suddenly turned around and disappeared behind the door.	You understand, Grichka?"	Malva, at his side swimming like a fish, eluded his grasp, and tried to prevent him regaining the boat.	He tried to catch a glimpse of Malva's face, and made an ironical grimace.	"Hey!	I implore you, take it!	Do a good deed!	The ground seemed to shake.	How will you manage to work?"	"Stop, give me the oars!	.	.	He glanced at her suspiciously.	"I'm tired, worn out!"	Who is it?	Tchelkache looked around him triumphantly.	said Malva at last.	The green waves, coursing up the yellow sand, threw on the beach the white foam of their luxurious crests which melted with a gentle murmur, and wet it.	"And you--have you forgotten nothing?"	I curse you forever!"	So that the water tells no tales.	"Go up, Gavrilo!"	He turned towards her his face framed in its curled blond beard, and with a brilliant gleam in his eyes said: "Yes, here we are--It's fine here, isn't it?	"At the village?	To-day we were to learn at last how far pure and inaccessible to filth was the urn wherein we had placed all that was best in us.	"Don't stay there in the sun, I'm going to fetch some water.	Then she went out.	All was as before.	"Don't frighten me, Vassili," she said indifferently, without looking up at him.	"Go on!	.	It is the earnings of one night .	"Oh, if that's the tone you take I don't care a rap.	"Do you know Tanya?"	It had been so quickly done!	cried Vassili, bursting in on them with a wriggling fish in one hand and a knife in the other.	"You lie, fool, you'll take it at once!"	What will you do with it, say?