"I really have never thought about it--whether I like them or not,--" he said drily, shrugging his shoulders, but as he involuntarily glanced at her, he smiled.	On the other hand, I have such an appetite, that I--ugh!	But I have thought ... and I've read books, in which you wouldn't be able to understand a single word."	"Well, it will be the worse for you, brother, on account of this!"	If his horses have smashed him up,--it's delightful news, only it's a great shame that he is still alive.	They're clever scoundrels, also, just as bad as ..." Vavíloff halted in time, disconcerted by the comparison which he had almost uttered, and glanced in alarm at the merchant's son.	He felt conscious that his position in the barracks placed him between people, as it were: the doctors and students were higher than he, the servitors were lower,--what was he himself?	He was a broad-shouldered, tall man, fifty years of age, with a pock-marked face which was bloated with intoxication, framed in a broad, dirty-yellow beard.	"That's the way I feel, too," and the girl grew animated,--"when it is still, I don't like at all to chatter.	No, I have not forgotten you, but I have simply been on a spree, and have drunk up all my money.	Don't say a word!	But Gvózdeff burst out laughing, and he caught himself up: "That is to say, excuse me?	"Yes, she is handsome.. and a desirable bride ... she has five hundred desyatinas of very fine land, about one hundred of building timber.	A great many people have yelled at me, and all without any cause!	I can't any more....	"Well, what a cramped and doleful life is ours, my brethren!	I could eat you!"	Two or three days passed, and Orlóff had already won several flattering mentions as a sagacious, smart young fellow, and along with this he observed that Prónin and the other orderlies in the barracks bore themselves toward him with envy, and a desire to make things unpleasant for him.	Sometimes the poor ambulance man gets it in the neck--tchik!...	[10] Sténka Rázin, a kazák of the Don, turned pirate, ravaged the Caspian Sea, the shores of Persia, and the Vólga, capturing towns and stirring up a revolt against the government He was executed in Moscow, in 1671.	I pictured to myself the willowy woman, sleeping in his arms, with her head clinging close to his broad breast--it was a fine picture, and still further convinced me as to the truth of his story.	Both undertakings were successful, and Mrs. Orlóff entered upon a tranquil, laborious life: under the guidance of her acquaintances, the women medical practitioners, she learned to read and write, took two orphans out of the asylum to rear,--a girl and a boy,--and was working away, content with herself, with grief and terror recalling her past.	The doctor, a young man in spectacles, stared at him with curiosity, the coroner with ominous attention, Petúnnikoff with triumph, but the police captain shouted and dashed about, as he flung himself on him.	--cried Matréna, sighing.--"And what do you want?	Gi-ive it to her!	He loved to work, became absorbed in his business, grew depressed when the oven baked badly, or when the dough rose slowly, waxed angry and reviled the proprietor if the latter bought damp flour, and was as merry and contented as a child if the loaves came out of the oven properly rounded, tall, well-risen, with a moderately rosy hue, and thin, crisp crust.	The sweat started out on his brow, and his eyes widened strangely.	"In thine eyes there is no happiness,     In thy words,--cold laughter do I hear.	She told him how beautiful was the spot which was their goal, and he felt that a soft, agreeable indolence was taking possession of him, which prevented his paying due heed to her remarks.	From time to time a puff of wind swept along the ravine, the branches of the birch-trees, the little fir-trees, rocked, rocked to and fro,--the whole ravine became filled with anxious, timorous whispering, and it seemed as though someone who was tenderly beloved and guarded by the trees had fallen asleep in the ravine, beneath their canopy, and they were whispering together about him very, very softly, in order not to awaken him.	"Brethren!	--croaked Tyápa surlily.	"So it is written: 'he spat out his teeth with the blood?'	I cannot say it intelligibly.. why it is so good to live!...	You'd ... better wait for me ... and whistle, in the meanwhile.	Please write to me as soon as you can; I want very much to receive a little note from you.	The affair is far more ridiculous than dramatic."	I, as much as the rest."	Petúnnikoff surveyed things, and again made a grimace.	I told him.	"Certainly,' Ristíd Fómitch!	The first thing is ... the man ... do you understand?	I have some money owing me from the boss--get it, and give it to me, I'll spend it for liquor.... No!	In my opinion, this was an irrelevant question, and I made no reply to it.	You see!	"Come, go and have a sleep now.... Farewell for a while!"	Their reflection flattered them, thrusting into the background what was deformed, and creating in the water a clear and harmonious fantasy, on the foundation of the paltry reality, disfigured by time.	"No, that is inconvenient...." protested Ippolít Sergyéevitch.	So, that's it ...	On the morning of a gloomy September day a wagon drove into the court-yard of the barracks, and Prónin took out of it a little boy, all streaked with paints, bony, yellow, hardly breathing.	Very worthy men courted her, courted her seriously--Captain Shmurló, a very fine young Little Russian, even took to drink and left the service.	"Y--yes, I know you...." said Tchízhik, with an effort, as he lay on the stretcher, and slowly rolled his eyes up under his brow, in order to see Orlóff, who was walking at his head, and bending over him.	Ippolít Sergyéevitch made up his mind to confine himself to the bounds of strictly official courtesy.	We might begin to take steps about the dram-shop now, only it's a bother, and time is valuable to us.	I won't consent to that.	He had come out to-day to rest, he had purposely avoided meeting his acquaintances,--and all of a sudden, here was this man with his harangues.	Well, and how did you get out of prison?"	She walks rather strangely--sideways, her head, with its thick, dishevelled hair of a dark chestnut hue, is raised and thrown a little backward, her eyes are opened widely and are gazing off into the distance with a dull, unintelligent look, which has nothing human about it.	It is natural, but her oddities completely guarantee me against being carried away by her...." Season becomes incredibly active and pliable, when man's feeling requires a mask, behind which to hide the crude truth of his questions.	"I will not tell her, of course!"	And the boat is so light.	"She says she wants to live with you...." "Oh, she's only fooling.	I'm going to return to the lap of culture.	"'Why am I going and whither, Tolaïk?'	That means, that if people keep on getting sick until the winter, how much shall we amass?...	I make announcement to the department of the unclad vagabonds entrusted to my care...." [4] "Prosperous and peaceful life" is a (sarcastic) quotation from the "Many Years" (Long Life), which is proclaimed in church, at the end of the service, on special occasions, in honor of royal or distinguished persons.--Translator.	one day, toward evening, Petúnnikoff made his appearance.	--swore the captain to himself, and recalled to mind Petúnnikoff's first phrase with regard to himself.	It forms a crimson streak on her body, and down along the left leg to the knee, while on her lower leg it is concealed by a light-brown coating of dust It seems as though a long, narrow strip of skin had been flayed from the woman's body, which must have undergone a prolonged beating with a club,--it is monstrously swollen and horribly blue all over.	said Várenka composedly, not believing him.	You seem to be ill?"	He even felt the physical novelty of his mood, in the shape of a strange weight, which oppressed his heart--as though his blood had coagulated during that time, and was circulating more slowly than was its wont.	--flashed through his mind.	"Very well....	bellowed the soldier, and started to administer a drubbing to the proprietor.	"You are malicious to-day."	"Why?	Do you want me to bring you some vódka?	"I know nothing!--" ejaculated Ippolít Sergyéevitch with decision.	--laughed Grigóry maliciously.--"I'm to go away, so that you will remain at liberty?	D-didn't I use to tell you...." The mysterious, all-annihilating power called Death, as though insulted by the presence of this intoxicated man at the gloomy and solemn scene of its conflict with life, decided to make as speedy an end as possible of its business, and the teacher, heaving a deep sigh, moaned softly, shuddered, stretched himself out, and died.	His voice rang out harshly in the silence of the forest which surrounded them, and frequently, in the wayside branches, a timorous rustling resounded--some one was hiding there.	"You're enraged at life in general, but your wife suffers ... your wife, the person who is nearest to you--and suffers without being to blame toward you, simply because you are stronger than she is; she is always at your elbow, she has no place to go to get away from you.