And ever, that day, as though he had been following me, could there be sighted among the tombs the dark figure of the old man who had so abruptly awakened me from slumber; and since his straw hat reflected the sunlight as brilliantly as the disk of a sunflower as it meandered hither and thither, I, in my turn, found myself following him, though thinking, all the while, of Iraklei Virubov.	While for the benefit of the men he added: "That was a good jest of mine, eh?"	For a moment or two he remains silent as sibilantly he purses his lips and drinks some saffron-coloured tea from the saucer which the splayed fingers of his right hand are balancing on their tips.	At this moment I saw the passenger in the buff pea-jacket approach the sally-port, grasp with his left hand a stanchion, and step on to the grating under which one of the paddle-wheels was churning the water to foam.	I inwardly reflected.	Featured not altogether in accordance with the Russian type, he had on a dark-blue jacket, a turned-down collar, and a black stock finished off with a large bow--the latter contrasting agreeably with the thick, silvery, as it were molten, chin-tuft.	"Slow!"	"And why?"	See, too, how exposed you are!"	I suppose you're making for the hill?	"How come your boots are so muddy?"	And as the woman disappeared from view the other person sauntered across the garden, and scaled the fence with a clatter.	"From Voronezh.	Then the thought occurred to me: 'But, since I am not a tippler, why should such a joke have been played upon ME?'	"To the extent of total loss of power of articulation," replied a voice feminine and youthful of timbre.	Ever and anon, too, the captain on the bridge kept shouting, hoarsely through a speaking-trumpet: "About, there!"	Ah, well!"	Warmer and warmer, denser and denser, grew the air, until the twilight caused the slopes of the mountains to soften in outline, and the rocks to seem to swell and merge with the bluish-blackness which overhung the bed of the defile, and the superimposed heights to form a single apparent whole, and the scene in general to resolve itself into, become united into, one compact bulk.	Christ also was persecuted.	Then, as I stroke her bowed head and quivering shoulder, I ask her who she is; and presently, on growing a little calmer, she tells me the history of her life.	For whence does everything come?	True, for the most part the steppes had a dry, yellow, sandy look, with merely here and there dark patches of gardens or black poplar clumps which rendered the golden glare more glaring still; yet also there could be discerned on the expanse farm buildings shaped like lumps of sugar or butter, with, in their vicinity, toylike human beings and diminutive cattle--the whole shimmering and melting in a mirage born of the heat.	"Not so.	In every way the evening resembled the previous one; there were to be observed the same luscious flooding of the defile with dove-coloured mist, the same flashing of the silver crags in the roseate twilight, the same rocking of the dense, warm forest's soft, leafy tree-tops, the same softening of the rocks' outlines in the gloom, the same gradual uplift of shadows, the same chanting of the "matchmaking" river, the same routine on the part of the big, sleek carpenters around the barraque--a routine as slow and ponderous in its course as the movements of a drove of wild boars.	I am a man who, after never having been found officially remiss, am living in honourable retirement--a man at once a householder, a widower, and a person of hasty temper."	How strange!"	And only when I had moved my chair, and thrown down my book, had the laughter and unctuous whispering died away, and given place to a whisper of: "Holy Father Nicholas, pray for us unto God!	"Nothing would there be there for me to do," he replied through his teeth, and with an odd division of his words.	"But I am NOT a good, steady muzhik."	"Where can she have got to?"	At once everything grows quiet again, save that someone, crawls over the floor and, in leaving the hut, jars the latch of the crazy, single-hinged portal.	The closer we approached the further shore, the thinner and the more brittle did the ice become, and the more liable we to break through it.	"Always and everywhere He is so," Kalinin proudly rejoined.	For one thing, let her take to herself, in place of her mother, a husband or a sweetheart.	Not for me love's smile will wait!	For instance, when your husband used to beat you he must have hurt you far worse than I.	Still the rivulet was purling as it flowed, and the fire crackling; while bathed in the red glow of the flames there was sitting, bent forward, the dark, stonelike figure of the Molokans' watchman, with the axe at his feet reflecting the radiant gleam of the moon in the sky above us.	As he approached the corpse he bent forward with one hand upon his knee to throw the more light upon Silantiev's bruised head and body.	"Why should I have done that?	Thought I to myself: "Would that men had fashioned all other buildings in the town as the churches have been fashioned!"	As for the young fellow in the red shirt, he passed me by with a braggart, resentful shout of: "Well?	Yes, it was as though the birth of spring had reawakened the universe, and was causing it to stretch itself, and to emit deep, hurried, broken pants that cracked its bones as the river, embedded in the earth's stout framework, revivified the whole with thick, turbulent, ebullient blood.	"'For nothing'?	In fact, to all had the atmosphere become oppressive, as though everyone's breast had had clamped into it a large, soft clod of humid, viscid earth.	Nadezhda?	Hold up your head!"	"But, had I been drowned, what should you have said THEN?"	"He said: 'I must congratulate you, and am ready to wager you two bottles of beer that your affair is as good as settled.	Under him the straw makes a crackling sound, while the two women whisper together in the darkness, and the reeds of the dry thatch on the roof rustle (the wind is still drawing an occasional breath), and ever and anon a twig brushes against an outside wall.	However that may be, the full-fed country people of the region laugh but little, and seldom sing.	Yet almost at the same moment would that hurly-burly so merge with the echo of our defile, so become buried in the defile's verdure and rock crevices, that once more the place would seem to be singing only its own gentle, gracious song.	"To our Russian folk in general."	"But the monk may prove to have been an important factor in the question," was Antipa's thoughtful remark.	Sometimes, of course, folk laughed at and jibed at me; nor did I ever refute them.	the Cossack inquires.	Oh God, wherefore hast Thou taken him from me?'"	And when I felt one of those hands, I found that it had stiffened."	I suggested.	Somehow he jarred upon me.	"Only I was that.	Probably the reason for this was that the semblance of flight amid an atmosphere of golden dust which was his combined with his straight, slender little figure to put all who beheld him in mind of churches, angels, God, and Paradise.	And, after all, an independent life is the best life; so I hawk myself about like a pot of beer, and say, 'Drink of this, anyone who likes, while it still contains liquor.'"	Suddenly there surged towards me from the opposite bank a crowd of men.	The woman from Riazan mutters firmly, and with assurance: "Never ought you to show that it hurts you."	"Ah, but never have you worked hard," grunted the ex-soldier.	To our ears there have come from behind the corner of the churchyard wall a woman's scream and the sound of dull blows.	That night I could not sleep, but, until dawn, lay watching the burning forest as gradually the weary moon declined, and the lamp of Venus, cold and green as an emerald, came into view over the crosses on the Prince's Church.	At a table near the hatchway of the first-class cabin, a fat man in grey was drinking beer.	"Oh never mind why."	"As one pursues one's lonely way one thinks and thinks--but of what?	'Wait,' it says.	"It was for men like THOSE that this fair earth of ours was bestowed upon us!"	True, hitherto I have contrived to keep up my spirits; yet poverty is wearing me down, and when, last winter, my old woman went to pieces I set forth (for what else could I do?)	It was then that my eyes became dazzled with the tokens of shame.	As she speaks, the earth seems to be sinking under my feet.	Here he nudged me with his elbow--continuing, thereafter, more softly: "In a kladbisiche one might reasonably look for kladi, for treasures of intellect and enlightenment.	Hi, you women!"	It evoked in my spirit a sense of instability, a lack of restfulness.	"Whence else, I should like to know?"	"Long from home?"	Seating myself by Gubin on some trampled straw in the hut ordinarily used by the watchman of the Birkins' extensive orchard, I found that, owing to the orchard being set on a hillside, I could see over the tops of the apple and pear and fig trees, where their tops hung bespangled with dew as with quicksilver, and view the whole town and its multicoloured churches, yellow, newly-painted prison, and yellow-painted bank.	On the bell of the church there strikes the hour of two.	"Aye," put in Budirin quietly, but incisively.