"I'm afraid you'd soon get tired of me," he said.	"No; you must not go.	Lady Bell's entrance made quite a little flutter.	Let him go!	I liked your father, notwithstanding he was so rough with me.	"She went out a few minutes ago.	But Jack, who was nearest, took the hand and held it for a moment.	he said, hesitatingly.	Tell me what happened today.	But where?	Jack leaped to his feet.	By chance, more than calculation, he caught the up-train, and was whirled into London.	It was no use going to Park Lane, for the blinds were down, and Lady Bell was at Earl's Court.	"That is right," said Stephen, with the air of an old, old friend, "and I hope my mother has found some amusement for you--that she has shown you something of the great world."	And he smiled, with a faint attempt at badinage.	What should I care what she thinks?	Yes, the glamour is on her; I can see it in her eyes--on her face.	Well, I've had an adventure."	"Well?"	Come, it will be charity--there's an argument for you, Mr. Davenant--for Mrs. Fellowes and I are all alone; papa has gone to some learned society meeting.	"For my part, Mr. Rolfe, I have always striven to do mine; yea, even in the face of great temptation and difficulties.	"No, sir, a man," said Slummers.	The light fell full upon the face of a young girl.	Instantly she raised her eyes and looked at him, a long, piteous look, as if he had struck her.	"Jack, what condescension.	"Was it rude of me?"	Say serves you right, say anything.	"Thanks, thanks," said Jack, holding out his hand.	Something came right across the road.	Besides, you would not tell me a lie, Jack.	As Jack entered the room, a man, who was sitting at the table, turned his head, and peering through the gloom which a single candle only served to emphasize, exclaimed: "Jack, is that you?"	Lady Bell looked after him and drew a long breath.	"No, I think not."	Her companion sat in silence, too, holding the soft, warm hand which clung to hers with an eloquent supplication for protection and sympathy.	One day I caught him, and told him I'd either give him a thrashing or tell his uncle; for, do yer see, we allus called the old squire his uncle.	"No, I quite forgot them."	You have been his legal adviser and confidant for years; you would know whether there was any meaning in his wild and incoherent statement about the will.	"Yes," she said, leaning forward.	Ah, no, you could not, if you have not been out of the forest--how strange it seems!--but you have heard of him, perhaps?"	Leonard shook his head.	You look pale and tired."	"No, I'll take your place in this boat; I can see you are longing for mine.	"I hate dinner parties, and if I had my way, would never give nor go to another one.	And--yes, for him too.	What do you mean?"	Heretofore, no book available to English readers has obtained, and this translation is designed to supply the pressing demand.	Oh, Heaven, Len, it's hard lines!	"Can you not guess?"	As a matter of fact, he had only caught the last word or two, for while Arkroyd had been talking he had been thinking of that other beautiful girl--not a doll, with teeth and a smile, but an angel, pure and ethereal--a dream--not a fascinating heiress.	He had held her hand for a moment when he entered, and now, as he carried the tea cup, he got an opportunity of touching her arm, lovingly, caressingly.	CHAPTER XV.	Len, do you know what it is to be hungry, to be parched and dried up with thirst so that you would give all you possessed--ten years of your life for a draught of water?	"Oh, no, no," said Una, shrinking modestly.	"Very good," said Stephen, with a breath of relief.	"Do you come from--him?"	"He has not named you in this will."	said Lady Bell; "I am so glad."	Mrs. Davenant gave him her hand.	"Falling under a cab," said Jack, gravely.	Mrs. Davenant shuddered slightly.	Well, Master Jack hears us talking o' the spiteful beast one day, and nothing 'ud do but he must go off and ask the parson to let him ride 'un.	"Yes, I have been on the war trail," he said.	Una paused before this, the last portrait of the series, and looked at it long and curiously, and the other two stood and watched her, Stephen with a keen glance of scrutiny and with a nervous tremor about his heart.	"My dear Stephen," she said, "you have certainly altered the place--I should not have known it.	Jack had got his cue.	"And I met with a similar shock to yours in Warden Forest.	"And he is rich?"	As for Una, she had not yet learned to view her changed self without surprise, and stared at the tall, beautiful woman which the glass reflected as though she could not believe that it was herself.	Settler For The Vest Pocket A strictly non-partisan compilation of political facts and statistics, designed for ready reference, containing information with which every voter in the United States should be familiar.	"By this time," he thought, "she has forgotten me, or what is better, has learned that plain Stephen Davenant and Squire Davenant of Hurst Leigh are two very different men.	"Not at present," said Leonard, "though it would soon be if you lived in it alone.	"Yes, Stephen," she said.	It makes a worse coward of Stephen Davenant than he was naturally.	But she was there tonight; as the next issue of the _Morning Post_ would testify.	"Jack is too high-minded to be guilty of such meanness; but is it not possible to marry for love and money, too, Lady Bell?"	One summer's evening a young man was tramping through the Forest of Warden.	But Jack, who was nearest, took the hand and held it for a moment.	Two days passed since Una had given her promise that should Jack Newcombe come to seek her she would hold no converse with him.	The men were laughing and chatting, ever and again turning round to make some light-hearted remark, or pass some joke round.	Stephen helped her to alight, and took her and his mother on his arm, his head erect, a warm flush on his cheek.	Jobson touched his cap, and while he was making out the bill Jack lit his pipe and paced up and down, his hands in his pockets, the knot of men watching him out of the corners of their eyes with sympathetic curiosity.	For I am sure that I shall love you, and I hope that you will grow fond of me."	There isn't a man among them but would pay me the same court if I were as plain as Lucifer----" "My dear Bell----" "But it is true," said Lady Bell.