Gramont hesitated.	Only, when we got home that night and you said it was all a joke, and you'd send back the loot later on, then I begun to feel better about it.	Two men, panting a little, stood outside the door and covered them with shotguns.	"But damn it--Lucie!	He showed up last night at the Lapeyrouse dance, two minutes before midnight, as usual!	They left the office and the building together.	"Gumberts is coming out day after to-morrow, is he?	I'll stick it all in, huh?"	We're going to lunch downtown, and we'll mail those boxes on the way, by parcels post.	The oil seepage--a plant!	As a matter of fact, he had written it on a leaf torn from his notebook.	He realized that it was a good buy, and took it.	Amused by the man's evident uneasiness, Jachin Fell kept him in view while the moments dragged.	Two of the talkers were clad in greasy overalls, and the third figure showed the flash of a collar.	Say, they got a ring of crooks around this town you couldn't bust into with grenades!	Then he paused, listening to the sounds of revelry which filled the club, and which came roaring in from the city streets outside.	I'll get rid of this Midnight Masquer foolishness and go after the real game."	Memphis Izzy is attending to the lottery--he's got the whole layout up to the house, and we ain't touching it, see?	"I have been carefully leading up to this point--the point of selling.	He regretted the words instantly.	Gramont told of finding the oil; he was not carried away by the gay mock-solemnity of Jachin Fell, and he remained grave.	Do you know who he is?"	He was held motionless, gazing with astonished wonder at the sight confronting him.	Yet your knife is heavy with blood, which tests will show to be human blood.	That he has profited by your loss I am not yet in a position to say; but I suspect it.	He just gave me his word that the Masquer was dead for ever.	I kept it up until I could hit the Maillard house.	"Sure," answered Charlie the Goog.	"Some car, eh?"	Don't let it hit you so hard.	The three turned as Gramont's car drove up, and Hammond gave an ejaculation of relief.	He was gone!	"We'd best be moving, Fell.	Gramont looked at him and puffed his pipe.	"Me?"	Gramont smiled into the steady, unfaltering eyes of Fell.	We may go broke, and we may go rich; if you're saving any coin out of your salary and feel like taking a gamble, I'll get you a bit of the stock after Mr. Fell gets things in shape.	But Fell drily laughed aside this wary limitation.	"You think I murdered Maillard, then?"	Gramont, come on!"	Lead me to the man who cashes checks, lackey, brass buttons that you are!	Why, he would not hesitate to turn your own tricks back upon you, to rob _you_, if he could!	It's too long a story to tell you now; here we are at the Maison Blanche.	Shortly before twelve Columbine pirouetted up to Jachin Fell and accepted the arm he offered her.	"Very zealous, Mr. Gramont!	This game of banditry is romantic, but it's out of date these days.	They were well outside town and sweeping on their way to Terrebonne Parish and the town of Paradis before they realized that the day was not going to brighten appreciably.	Ansley glanced up.	Suppose that you call up the governor on long distance, from this telephone, and get his assurance that I am not to be arrested.	He would have passed this unheeded had he not noted a snaky flitting of Chacherre's eyes to it.	She'd be the first to say so, herself.	Within a few hours business and social circles would be swept by the fact of Joseph Maillard's murder, but at this early point of the day the city slept.	"There's our golden fortune, sergeant!	"Ah!	But for her to get a hundred and fifty thousand in a business deal will solve all her problems, set her on her feet for life!"	The interior of the Exeter National reflected the stern personality that ruled it.	"But this thing is goin' to raise one hell of a scandal, all up and down the state!	snorted the chief, and leaned forward earnestly.	Gramont stared at it, motionless.	They'll tell you when they get back----" "Where'd they go?"	"Yes, and the compartment, too!	"Have him bring one of his deputy agents likewise, to meet you here.	She ushered him into the parlour that was restful with its quiet brasses and old rosewood.	It would be sure to fit, confound him!"	To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit http://pglaf.org While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.	he said, pleasantly.	Write me what you find out.	I wish to see     you upon a matter of business.	What's more, I was drifting with the crowds all afternoon, and I've just begun to realize that I'm dead tired.	"Anyhow," pursued Hammond, "America ain't a democracy, unless you're runnin' for Congress.	Come along, some of you!	Remembering the motor that he had heard, he turned from the doorway in frowning perplexity.	See paragraph 1.C below.	He scarcely dared to think, scarcely dared to congratulate himself on the luck that had befallen him, until he found himself in his own car once more, and with open throttle sweeping out through the twilight toward Paradis and Houma beyond.	Memphis Izzy is going down to his summer cottage to-morrow, isn't he?	Bob Maillard was not in the room.	Also, the knife has your name on it; quite a handsome knife, too.	Lafarge was there, you know; a nigger shot him yesterday.	The remainder, and the largest portion, lay north of Paradis and ran along the west bank of the bayou for half a mile.	I loved her mother before her--in a different way.	Someone must have been watching us last night, eh?"	You can reach judges and senators and governors, but you can't reach the unknown and humble men who carry the badge of the Department of Justice!"	I'll be just as frank and say that I'm not a bit angry.