says Leslie.	She shook her head as well as she could.	"While one works one cannot think, and not to think----."	The duke flushed.	he called out to an old man who lay curled up in the bottom of the boat.	whispered Leslie in her ear.	Yorke smiled grimly.	It might almost be said that he had forgotten the diamond pendant, which was still in his waistcoat pocket.	"I love you!"	"With pleasure," said the duke.	Yorke was well known at the club, and the hall porter in his glass box bowed to him with a mixture of respect and recognition which he accorded to a very few of the members.	But something--dash me if I know what--kept me quiet.	Oh, Yorke, Yorke, tell them to kill me!	There is an old castle, or the remains of one, and from the top of it you can see--well, nearly all the world, it seems."	"Call me what you like, dear."	"I thought you looked graver than usual, and rather disappointed," she explained.	"His grace would have helped my master, I know; and I'd have made bold to write to him, but there isn't time."	I hope you are well," he said, in his grave, sedate voice.	"I know," said Lucy; but she didn't, for she thought Leslie was only trying not to think of her father.	How she would delight in Lucerne, with its marvelous lake, in which old Pilatus shadows himself, with its famous bridge spanning the emerald Reuss; with its snug cathedral in which the wonderful organ surges and wails as no other organ can surge and wail, save that of honored Milan.	"No," said Yorke, and he answered very quietly.	She had, in fancy, heard him breathe her name so often.	"What do you mean?"	Yorke did so, and came back to the couch, and the duke, after scanning his face, fell back with a faint sigh.	"Here already!"	I----'ve been half out of my mind, I think, and this--this affair has pulled me round.	Lady Eleanor winced.	"You must be blind!	"Well, no, I haven't," said Fleming, gravely, and a little pompously.	Yes, open it."	Don't--don't--be frightened, dearest!	"I'm just running over with happiness and contentment; but I'm afraid that they couldn't get on very fast if I were quite alone with them.	"Oh, a small size.	She and Ralph Duncombe had timed the attack on Yorke for the moment when the duke should be beyond reach.	"I deserve it."	"Yorke, Yorke, you know"--came through her parted lips--"you know I love you--have always loved you!"	"My daughter and I are very well here."	It seemed as if both had clean forgotten him, but suddenly Leslie held out her hand to him.	"No, I'll stay!"	Yorke took out his pouch, and flung it with dextrous aim into the old man's lap.	It was so kind of you to come down to me!	"It was to----."	A crimson rose was her only ornament, and that worn in the thick, glossy hair; she knew Yorke's taste too well to smother herself in diamonds, and she knew also that the soft cream and the rich red rose showed up her dark, Spanish complexion as no other colors could do.	Oh, no.	she exclaimed with bated breath.	"A London girl of the most accomplished type could not have concealed her flutters with greater ease."	But she went and put on her outdoor things submissively.	Reading for an exam, even a little one, is awful work.	That's how I feel this morning.	"I can bear it," and she clenched her teeth.	There would be barely time to reach the woman behind the rock and warn her.	A neat, a remarkably neat, little handmaid answered the knock, and in severe accents said: "Round to the back-door, my man."	"It is not that kind of danger I was thinking," she said.	She gazed at him with knitted brows.	I believe you would take all the work if I would let you, you greedy girl."	For a moment the eminent dealer's face expressed a wide gaping astonishment, then it seemed to writhe as if with the effort to suppress a burst of laughter, but lastly it turned to an impassive mask, and, carefully avoiding the anguish in Leslie's eyes, he said, shading the view with his hand: "Remarkable, very; very remarkable, Mr.	"No," said Yorke, emphatically.	I--I can't bear it!	She stepped back as she saw Leslie, and seemed about to beat a retreat back into her own room again, then hesitated, and made a slight bow.	Oh, my dearest--to shrink from me!"	And there is another reason, dear," she goes on, brightly.	He colored and bit his lip.	"Yes, it will all come right.	"Yes, sir, that we will," said the woman, with moist eyes.	says Yorke.	You may dislike your uncle and cousins, and yet be far from wishing them dead; and Yorke's eyes were moist, and there was a lump in his throat as he thought of his three kinsmen lying at the bottom of the Mediterranean.	Torrington Square is a quiet secluded spot in the great metropolis.	"The diamond ornament you sent back," he said.	Leslie shuddered and her lips quivered.	"Is it not?"	"Of course, you ought to be the first; any one could see that at half a glance.	You only want a salmon river.	The Duke of Rothbury!	"Now!	But that's all past, clean past.	"Yesh, yesh, certainly.	It was of her father and his loss that she thought entirely during the days immediately following her bereavement, and it might be almost said that she had forgotten Yorke and her great love for him.	"You may know a great many, and they may be very great ladies, and a few of them may be as worldly as you say they are, but not many.	"Of all the things you have mentioned, it seems to me that the last is the worst," said Lady Eleanor bitterly.	says the other, "what's the matter?	In an instant it struck her that it might be a stranger, unacquainted with the conformation of the coast line, and that if she sat there for a few minutes longer she would be unable to get back or to turn the point.	"My God!"	"And now?"