The house, too, was deserted.	That is all I can see to it—all!	Shading her eyes, Mrs. Crump perceived a smudge of white dust.	He stood quiet, listening, looking toward the two figures on the far side of the dust-white flivver; they did not see him at all.	Aiblins, now, that contract's worth something; set your own figure on it.	Damned good luck it ain't worse, as Crump used to say at times.	But—ten thousand dollars!	Cordial and warm was Sandy Mackintavers that evening, expanding under the genial thought of what was to happen on the morrow, and making himself a wondrous fine host.	They strewed the ground in grotesque attitudes.	The following morning, for the first time in the weeks since Mrs. Crump had picked him up, Thady Shea relaxed in blissful indolence.	“You will not work for a native, my friends.	"He'd heard about you, Shea, and was kind o' set on meeting you.	See paragraph 1.C below.	He dimly and vaguely recognized the sensation; he was bewildered and frightened by it.	I know, I do!	The average old-time prospector hasn't the chemical knowledge to find such things as those."	With surprise, Ross recognized her; it was the woman whom he had seen at Datil the previous day.	"Got a girl here.	"Your name Ross?"	Wait there."	Not that Number Sixteen meant home, but Mrs. Crump would be there.	Near the dust-white flivver the car came to a halt.	As everyone knows, there are no stronger, firmer, and more absolute superstitions than those of The Profession.	Very likely, Thomas Twofork.	"Mebbe that's how come Sandy learned about your stake in the game; he knew you'd been correspondin' with somebody," and Mrs. Crump frowned.	For, as she had spoken, a queer look had stolen across the beard-blurred features of Thady Shea, and had settled there.	“He lost, and you can bet he ain’t said nothing about losing them table stakes!	Yes.	He shouted something in the patois, to which the two natives waved assent.	An hour later he was hailed from the roadside by a venerable ancient having one very blue eye and a long white beard.	I’m looking up a fellow who came this way from Albuquerque—a hobo and sneak thief name o’ Shea.	"There, buck up," she brusquely ordered.	"Let's be moving," said Thady Shea, crisply.	Aiblins, in another year or two I’ll be having a world-wide reputation, eh?	Now, Mis’ Crump, you show me the least excuse for doin’ it legally, and I’ll pump them two men full o’ lead any day!	With this thought in mind, Thady Shea set about making his departure, for he intended to be gone when Mrs. Crump arrived home.	Hey, you feller!	But let me tell you this: When it comes up again, there'll be no more talk like you've just handed out--or I'll know the reason why.	His blazing black eyes stared into the gaze of Ross.	Shea threw some water over the face of his native prisoner, and presently the man sat up and stared around.	Latent suspicion crystallized within Shea’s brain.	This man had come into town on the late afternoon train.	“Thought mebbe so,” he stated, rejoining the lady.	Thady Shea laid down his bludgeon in front of the dust-white flivver, and began to crank.	"Coravel Tio, this skunk sure makes me blush to see him!	God, are You trying to turn me back into the old shiftless life, into the old vagabond, aimless existence?	Deeper and lonelier grew his trail, the mountains folding him in upon every side.	"Is that you, Juan Baca?"	Four miles of this, and she struck an even worse road that headed northwest.	He had gambled, and he had lost his stake.	When Thady Shea fell silent, Ross knocked the dottle from his pipe and filled it anew.	The speaker recounted, with many added elaborations and details, the story of Thady Shea and his axe helve.	Damn good thing for you, pardner!	Thady Shea's entire system was impregnated by that whiff.	Of Dorales he did not think particularly.	"Handsome is as handsome does, Abel.	"That, sir, is somewhat of my present business," boomed Shea.	Now it came into his mind how Tom Logan had known all about him; how Logan had been in Zacaton City the previous night; how Logan had gotten lost in the lava beds--even to Shea's innocence a very improbable thing.	Immediately around him the comfortable oak rocking-chairs were vacant; but to right and left, three chairs away, sat red-faced men who read newspapers--two on either hand.	The constable started across the street and met Shea midway.	She had chuckled over the coup a hundred times.	He did not speak.	Mrs. Crump sighed in resignation, and set herself to explain.	“If you’ve made a soak out o’ him, pilgrim Ross, I’m coming right back here and perforate you without no further warning.	What use to return to Mrs. Crump?	He strode outside and scanned the vicinity.	They were not in the ranch house at all!	Secretly, she was much pleased to exhibit her culinary skill, which was considerable.	You got room, ain't you?"	Reckon Mis' Crump knew her business, after all, when she tied up with him.	"No, senor, not until Senor Dorales sends for him."	There was none to whom he might go for advice or aid.	He looked to the right and to the left; then, without a word more, he turned on his heel and walked away, following Mackintavers out into the night.	She removed his holstered weapon, then lowered her own and shook her head.	He drank long, avidly, until Ross swore in blank amazement that a man could drink thus; he drank as the sun-cracked earth drinks water.	He was learning the worldly wise lore of the roads--to walk with straight feet, to carry his body uphill on bended knees, to take the high side of a wet trail.	He was drunk, stupefied with liquor.	He turned and left the hotel.	Back in the shack, under the oil lamp, Logan was already chuckling over the cleverly drawn papers which would make him the sole owner of Number Sixteen—for the comparatively unimportant sum of ten thousand dollars!	Ross went out to stable and bed down his team.	Yes, it is.	She had been upon her knees beneath a little crucifix.	Now he’s goin’ back to-night, so he says.