This gentleman is----" Mr. Clendon laid his hand upon his brother's arm and stopped him.	He wrote the single letter "W" on a piece of paper he found in his pocket, and handed it to the man.	"Tut!	Indeed, he was supposed to be in love with the daughter of the rector, Miriam Ainsley.	She paused a moment; then she said, with a kind of snarl, "He's got his girl.	She picked a great bunch, and arranged them by themselves in a flat bowl; and when the table was laid, her floral decorations made a brave show amidst the glittering plate and old English cut-glass.	Good word, psychology!	"I thought it was blotting-paper!	As he had guessed, the smaller key fitted the lock of the box; he opened it and, at sight of the diamonds and the other gems, he caught his breath, his eyes dilated.	She sighed as he finished, and said, "The woman you did this for--you cared for her?"	Now go.	Don't you remember?"	I've saved a few quid----" "That puts a finish to it," broke in Derrick, flushing angrily, and yet with something very different from anger in his heart.	Staring at the blank paper, she went over all the details of the strange scene, and, standing out from them all, was the expression in his face, in his eyes, as he had paused at the bend of the stairs and looked at her.	You are glad?"	"You can't go till I tell you----Oh, don't you know?	"James!	A very dear, generous mascot.	"Oh, yes, he is looking famously."	There was no danger, not a bit.	They were ushered into the sick-room, and the door closed on them; and they remained there for nearly half an hour; for the injured man had recovered something of his old strength, as if a burden had been lifted from his shoulders, and he was able to hear the story of Derrick's identity and to speak a few words of relief and satisfaction.	Then suddenly the happiness fled from her face, her eyes grew dark and sad; for at that instant she thought of the young man, the fugitive flying from justice.	Cursing his luck, the miserable man went on with his undressing.	I've spent all my money advertising and answering advertisements.	It is at your entire disposal.	Of course, Lady Gridborough and Reggie had been invited to the breakfast, which was disposed of somewhat hurriedly; for there was a train to catch.	she asked, petulantly and a little nervously.	Mrs. Dexter shook her head, and sighed again.	Here's the old man!"	Heyton finished the decanter and then, with a rather unsteady step, betook himself to the smoking-room, fell into a chair and rang the bell for coffee and cognac.	Lord Heyton had asked after his wife several times that day; but Miriam had refused to see him, and once, when Celia ventured to plead with her, and to try to persuade her to allow Lord Heyton to come into the room, Miriam had sprung at the door and leant with her back against it, panting, with absolute terror, and with a look of horror on her face which at once stopped all Celia's attempts at persuasion.	She sprang to her feet and moved about the room restlessly.	You're made of the right stuff.	The polite and amiable cashier at the bank handed over ten bright sovereigns, and with these in the purse clasped in her hand Celia returned to the Buildings, to engage in a fight with Mr. Clendon over the sum which he declared was all that was due to him.	He sighed again.	Would to God I had told it before!"	Derrick dealt out the soup, waited for a minute or two to see the children start on it, then went down below to feed the elephants.	"I suppose that is why one feels so sorry for him."	"No," she replied.	He laughed ruefully.	"Everything is all right?"	Her girlish face, pretty, notwithstanding the lines and hollows graved by sorrow, was like a mask in its impassivity.	"There are proofs.	I've had my eye upon you for some time, my man, and have taken precautions."	I love you!"	Will you think me very--well, cheeky--if I suggest some?	Why, half the women in London are wearing shams, and nobody's any the wiser."	You must have the pluck of the devil.	And we must part!	You, who are his wife, must have seen that--forgive me again--that he needs guidance.	asked Miriam, listlessly.	"I made it myself."	"The rich, the all-powerful señora.	"Of course," said Celia; "and I'd like to be his godmother, if you'll let me?"	She was startled by the sudden change in his demeanour.	Everybody gets it; it's the general stuffiness of the place.	"Yes," murmured Celia.	Look here, that officious fool of a nurse has shut me out of the room.	I don't think the most modern and scientific burglar could break open the safe; at any rate, he could not do so without making a noise which someone in the house would hear.	I was fond of her, am fond of her still, and she, I think, was fond of me; but you see how she regards me now.	I've met some bad 'uns in my time, Heyton; but, upon my word, I think you're the very worst of the lot.	Deputy-manager--two pounds a week.	She did not look at him, and continued her pitiful ministration.	The sound of the falling chair was loud and distinct enough to fill him with apprehension, and he stood breathless and listened, as if he expected the whole household to awake.	What operation?"	"The neatest thing I've seen.	Heyton stole across the room, in his felt slippers, and looked down at the sleeping man for a moment; then his furtive, bloodshot eyes went towards the small table beside the bed.	There is only one young lady at Thexford Hall, and she is the one I have mentioned.	"Who else am I to suspect?"	This little speech completed Celia's conquest of the good-natured housekeeper.	You paid me on Friday night, and I've plenty to go on with."	She was going in his direction, and Roddy, catching sight of him, bounded towards him.	Celia was on her way to ask Doctor Scott for a sleeping draught, when she was met by the detective and the Inspector.	To-morrow I shall be on the road at the same time, and, if Heaven is very kind to me, I shall meet her, and again she will be carrying a basket.	And it will be such a pleasure to me to run in and see him as often as I can; indeed, I must look after him; I shall be his second mother, you see; and between us, we'll train him up in the way he should go, and make a good man of him."	I should like to see that.	"She was very pretty, is so still, and I took a fancy to her and let her help me when I was pottering about the garden.	"Here, don't startle me; I've got a weak heart," he observed, with a grin.	I want to keep the peace between him and Percy; they haven't been the best of friends, as I dare say you've heard.	As usual, Heyton did not refuse the butler's offer of wine, and, after awhile, a hectic flush rose to his cheek, and he began to talk with a strained and unnatural gaiety.	Heyton stared at him; and as he stared, with a puzzled frown, his swollen face grew mottled, livid in places, red in others.	"What a fool I have been!"	he observed.