Some of those white pavilions, which here and there gleam from among groves and vineyards, were rustic retreats of the Moors, to enjoy the refreshment of their gardens.	As to the foot-soldiers, many were killed, many were taken prisoners; the residue escaped to Alcala la Real.	cried the astrologer, scornfully; "have I not the book of knowledge of Solomon the Wise, and through it the command of the secret treasures of the earth?	With fear and trembling they descended a flight of steps cut into the rock.	There was now no remedy; so the Moor and the water-carrier proceeded with the richly-laden donkey toward the city, nor could honest Peregil refrain from hugging and kissing his long-eared fellow-labourer, thus restored to him from the clutches of the law; and, in fact, it is doubtful which gave the simple-hearted little man most joy at the moment, the gaining of the treasure, or the recovery of the donkey.	The prince was overjoyed to find the owl so deeply versed in topography, and now informed him, in confidence, of his tender passion and his intended elopement, urging him to be his companion and counsellor.	The wrath of the monarch got the better of his discretion.	13.	The grand inquisitor was equally bent upon despatching a number of the familiars of the Holy Office.	[Illustration: _Tomb of St. Ferdinand, Seville._]   [Illustration] Repelled within the limits of the Pyrenees, the mixed hordes of Asia and Africa, that formed this great irruption, gave up the Moslem principle of conquest, and sought to establish in Spain a peaceful and permanent dominion.	Nothing was found to be so efficacious in dispelling the royal megrims as the power of music; the queen took care, therefore, to have the best performers, both vocal and instrumental, at hand, and retained the famous Italian singer Farinelli about the court as a kind of royal physician.	We shall all have to beg in the streets!"	All the physicians present stared at each other with astonishment.	I was one of the royal guards of Ferdinand and Isabella; but was taken prisoner by the Moors in one of their sorties, and confined a captive in this tower.	The fortress, in fact, was a little town of itself, having several streets of houses within its walls, together with a Franciscan convent and a parochial church.	Philip V., as is well known, was a miserable hypochondriac, and subject to all kinds of fancies.	"And d'ye hear, child," said he to his demure handmaid, "tap at my door, and wake me before cock-crowing, that I may see to the matter myself."	But the curse of heaven fell upon him for his presumption.	Thy innocent hands alone, however, gifted as thou art also with the talisman, can remove the treasure.	Mohamed the Left-handed was seated one morning on a divan in a cool hall of the Alhambra, when a slave arrived from the fortress of Salobreña, with a message from the sage Kadiga, congratulating him on the anniversary of his daughters' birthday.	A LADY OF ROME.	The prince had supposed that he and the parrot, being both birds of learning, would delight in each other's society, but never had he been more mistaken.	The good Tia had more reasonable objections.	In my hoverings at night over the city I frequently remarked a light burning in a lonely tower.	Peregil sat regarding the scroll for some time in moody silence.	Aben Habuz approached him with a conciliatory tone.	Through the ample and fretted arch of the portal I behold the Court of Lions, with brilliant sunshine gleaming along its colonnades and sparkling in its fountains.	The person to whom he applied was the experienced duenna.	The _alcalde_ opened it with an eager and trembling hand; all pressed forward to gaze upon the treasure it was expected to contain; when, to their disappointment, nothing appeared within, but a parchment scroll, covered with Arabic characters, and an end of a waxen taper.	I had no desire for further perambulation; but returned to my chamber with infinitely more alacrity than I had sallied forth, and drew my breath more freely when once more within its walls and the door bolted behind me.	ARETHUSA.	The spellbound gateway still exists entire, protected no doubt by the mystic hand and key, and now forms the Gate of Justice, the grand entrance to the fortress.	The magician is since dead, but the raven still inhabits the tower, for these birds are of wonderful long life.	A Story of a very Young Couple.	It was in a tower somewhat apart from the main palace of the Alhambra, though connected with it by the wall which encircled the whole summit of the hill.	33.	If the good lady had any lingering doubts, they were removed when Jacinta touched the instrument, for she drew forth such ravishing tones as to thaw even the frigid bosom of the immaculate Fredegonda, that region of eternal winter, into a genial flow.	The editor's own notes are judiciously sparing, but conspicuously to the point, and they are very discreetly separated from those of the author, Mr. Lang's laudable purpose being to illustrate and explain Scott, not to make the notes a pretext for displaying his own critical faculty and literary erudition.	About three years had elapsed since Mohamed had beheld his daughters, and he could scarcely credit his eyes at the wonderful change which that small space of time had made in their appearance.	According to some traditions, it bore the following Arabic inscription:      _Calet el Bedici Aben Habuz,      Quidat ehahet Lindabuz._ Which has been rendered into Spanish:      _Dice el sabio Aben Habuz,      Que asi se defiende el Anduluz._ And into English:      In this way, says Aben Habuz the Wise,      Andaluz guards against surprise.	The water-carrier related the whole story of the dying Moor with the straightforward simplicity of truth, but it was all in vain.	"Holy Virgin protect us!"	GUY MANNERING.	The windows of the apartment were thrown open; the glorious effulgence of Spanish sunshine burst into the late lugubrious chamber; all eyes sought the lovely enchantress, but the lute had fallen from her hand, she had sunk upon the earth, and the next moment was clasped to the bosom of Ruyz de Alarcon.	Here, on an ottoman, sat an old man in Moorish dress, with a long white beard, nodding and dozing, with a staff in his hand, which seemed ever to be slipping from his grasp; while at a little distance sat a beautiful lady, in ancient Spanish dress, with a coronet all sparkling with diamonds, and her hair entwined with pearls, who was softly playing on a silver lyre.	In the centre hung a gilt cage containing a singing-bird; beneath it, on a chair, lay a tortoise-shell cat among reels of silk and other articles of female labour, and a guitar decorated with ribbons leaned against the fountain.	His musical talent, his happy humour, his youth and his good looks, won him a universal welcome in spite of his ragged robes, and for several days he led a gay life in the old Moorish capital and its environs.	The discreet Kadiga found them in this situation; they related what they had seen, and even the withered heart of the _duenna_ was warmed.	At last, in the rear of the army, between two black Moorish horsemen, rode the Grand Inquisitor of Granada, on a mule as white as snow.	"Ah!	cried the parrot, interrupting his solemn antiquarian rapture, "what have we to do with antiquities, and legends, and your ancestry?	Let him boldly draw the sword and continue the good work begun by Pelazo of old, and victory will assuredly attend his banner.'"	It continued on to the great Gate of Justice, which stood wide open; the old invalid sentinels on duty lay on the stone benches of the barbican, buried in profound and apparently charmed sleep, and the phantom pageant swept noiselessly by them with flaunting banner and triumphant state.	These ideas are fostered and perpetuated by the descendants of the exiled Moors of Granada, scattered among the cities of Barbary.	These were the only feathered associates with whom the prince had any opportunity of exercising his newly acquired language; the tower was too high for any other birds to frequent it.	Humble was the cortège and melancholy the departure of _El Rey Chico_ the Second!	Then turning to Ahmed--"O my prince," cried he, "shut thine ears to these seductive strains.	On going into his cabinet he found his strong box open, the leather purse of the trooper abstracted and with it a couple of corpulent bags of doubloons.	Behold all nature is in a revel of delight.	"'What town is this?'	"See how proudly he bears himself, as though all around him were his slaves!"	When he told the story of his night's adventure, every one laughed at him; some said he had dreamed it all, as he dozed on his mule; others thought it all a fabrication of his own; but what was strange, _Señor_, and made people afterwards think more seriously of the matter, was, that the Grand Inquisitor died within the year.	Both of the princes lost their lives.	Here every one endeavoured to contribute to the general amusement, singing, improvising, telling wonderful tales, or dancing popular dances to that all-pervading talisman of Spanish pleasure, the guitar.	From the summit of one of those hills the unfortunate Boabdil cast back his last look upon Granada, and gave vent to the agony of his soul.	Nor indeed is this comparison entirely accidental; for, to tell the truth, her fresh and dawning beauty had caught the public eye, even in her seclusion, and, with that poetical turn common to the people of Andalusia, the peasantry of the neighbourhood had given her the appellation of "the Rose of the Alhambra."	In a word, he increased rapidly in wealth, to the admiration of all his neighbours, and became one of the richest men in Granada: he gave large sums to the Church, by way, no doubt, of satisfying his conscience, and never revealed the secret of the vault until on his death-bed to his son and heir."	"Enough," said the prince, "I will have some private talk with this distinguished traveller."	The zealous friar beheld these infidel treasures on the point of slipping forever out of his grasp, and determined to have one more dash at them for the benefit of the church and San Francisco.	Aben Habuz hastened to his tower, but the magic table in that direction remained quiet: not a single warrior was in motion.	Manuel, the nephew of _Tia Antonia_, Mateo, my officious but now disconsolate squire, and two or three old invalids of the Alhambra with whom I had grown into gossiping companionship, had come down to see me off; for it is one of the good old customs of Spain to sally forth several miles to meet a coming friend, and to accompany him as far on his departure.	"One thing more is necessary," said he, "one trifling solace for the intervals of mental labour."	The same star that had controlled the destiny of the prince had governed that of the princess, and until her seventeenth birthday she had been shut up from the world, to guard her from the tender passion.	Travels in London: Letters to a Young Man about Town: and other Contributions to _Punch_ (1845-1850).	"A soldier--humph--a foot-soldier by your garb.	It is needless to say with what eager curiosity he entered its gates and wandered through its streets, and gazed upon its oriental monuments.	She went to him privately, and slipping a broad piece of gold into his hand, "Hussein Baba," said she, "my mistresses, the three princesses who are shut up in the tower, and in sad want of amusement; have heard of the musical talents of the three Spanish cavaliers, and are desirous of hearing a specimen of their skill.	Crossing the bridge, the soldier led the way by a narrow and steep path past a Moorish mill and aqueduct, and up the ravine which separates the domains of the Generalife from those of the Alhambra.	1.	6.	We swept up the Guadarama mountains, and down by the Escurial; and we skirted the walls of Madrid, and we scoured away across the plains of La Mancha.	The princesses remained gazing until the prisoners were out of sight; then heaving long-drawn sighs, they turned round, looked at each other for a moment, and sat down, musing and pensive, on their ottomans.	The lofty summit of the Sierra Nevada alone retained a lingering gleam of daylight; its snowy peaks glaring against the dark blue firmament, and seeming close to us, from the extreme purity of the atmosphere.