said they, "you are fit only to perish by the hand of the executioner!"	A thousand crystal springs, with which this neighborhood abounds, sent down from the hill-sides their whimpering rills, as if to pay tribute to the Pocantico.	Scott and Byron are scarce cold in their graves, and already we find criticism beginning to call in question those powers which held the world in magic thraldom.	At the very first thrust, the sword of Don Luis passed through the body of his antagonist.	From the church, the venerable Diedrich proceeded in his researches up the Hollow.	The good burgher was of a community renowned for gastronomic prowess: his fears having subsided, his appetite was now awakened, and he addressed himself manfully to the viands that were set before him.	At length the attention of the British government was called to these piratical enterprises, that were becoming so frequent and outrageous.	In all services of hazard; in all adventurous forays, and hair-breadth hazards; the Abencerrages were sure to win the brightest laurels.	As this ancient edifice is likely to be the place whence I shall date many of my lucubrations, and as it is really a very remarkable little pile, intimately connected with all the great epochs of our local and national history, I have thought it but right to give some farther particulars concerning it.	I ran to her with open arms, and she received me with a sister's embraces.	Gathering more courage from the silence and apparent desertion, they gradually ventured over the threshold.	I seem to catch new life as I bathe in its ample billows and inhale the pure breezes of its hills.	one of them has actually effected an entry in the place by covered way; or in other words, under cover of the petticoats.	Don Fernando started, and turned pale.	As soon as he could recover from his surprise, he inquired what land it was at which he had arrived.	These miracles were the salvation of Communipaw.	A civil war at length broke out: Chard and Waters defied each other to mortal combat, and the kingdom of the Bermudas was on the point of being deluged with royal blood.	TO THE EDITOR OF THE KNICKERBOCKER.	What was to be done to ward off so foul a disgrace and to save their illustrious escutcheons from this murderous stain of blood?	"Noble cavalier," said he "that I am cast down in spirit, is not from my wounds, which are slight, nor from my captivity, for your kindness has robbed it of all gloom; nor from my defeat, for to be conquered by so accomplished and renowned a cavalier, is no disgrace.	The memorandum was lost, with several others of my travelling papers, and the story had faded from my mind, when recently, in perusing a French memoir, I came suddenly upon it, dressed up, it is true, in a very different manner, but agreeing in the leading facts, and given upon the word of that famous adventurer, the Count Cagliostro.	Each pictured to himself the consequence he might now aspire to, in civilized life, could he once get there with this mass of ambergris.	The whole neighborhood was laid out into town lots.	The title of Appalachian, or Alleghanian, would still announce us as Americans, but would specify us as citizens of the Great Republic.	Arrived at the palace of the Alcayde, the usual ceremonial was repeated.	And for that he had accepted her ring, says the ancient chronicler, she considered herself wedded to him in her heart, and would never marry; nor could she be brought to look with eyes of affection upon any other man; but for the true love which she bore Pelayo, she lived and died a virgin.	As this doughty cavalier was one day hunting, he stationed himself in a thicket, on the borders of a green glade of the forest, and dispersed his followers to rouse the game, and drive it toward his stand.	Were every one, on the contrary, to judge for himself, and speak his mind frankly and fearlessly, we should have more true criticism in the world than at present.	Fall to, like brave men!	"Senor," said she, "I know that I am unworthy of the notice of so noble a cavalier; but suffer me to place this ring upon a finger of that hand which has so bravely rescued us from death; and when you regard it, you may consider it as a memorial of your own valor, and not of one who is too humble to be remembered by you."	ejaculated he again, with a failing voice, and despairing accents.	Astonished at the obsolete and "old world" air of every thing around him, the intelligent traveller demands how all this has come to pass.	This was the age of nautical romance, when the thoughts of all speculative dreamers were turned to the ocean.	Receive us as your own, for I confide my life and her honor to your hands."	'That is the very cause,' said he, 'why I leave thee behind.	The chamberlain knocked for admission.	"'Not so,' replied she; 'but do you not know that when it is once known we are not brother and sister, we can no longer be permitted to be thus always together?'	The institution of this society was hailed with transport throughout the whole extent of the New-Netherlands; being considered a secret foothold gained in New-Amsterdam, and a flattering presage of future triumph.	They then went on to inform him of that great marvel and enigma of the ocean; of its repeated appearance to the inhabitants of their islands; and of the many but ineffectual expeditions that had been made in search of it.	The Alcayde, however, with the clemency of the truly brave, assisted the Moor to rise, ministered to his wounds with his own hands, and had him conveyed with great care to the castle of Allora.	That violent man set the prince at defiance, and attempted to maintain himself in his government and his castle by instigating the peasants, for several leagues round, to revolt.	I beheld her charms unfolding, as it were, leaf by leaf, like the morning rose, each moment disclosing fresh beauty and sweetness.	the most magnanimous of cavaliers!"	what can supply the want of that voice, that look, that form, that action, which gave magical effect to her chant, and held every one rapt in breathless admiration!	Such has been the case, for instance, with Pope, and Dryden, and Addison, who for a time have almost been shaken from their pedestals, and treated as false idols.	Their first attempt was to prevent the affair from going to trial, and their relative from being dragged before a criminal tribunal, on so horrible and degrading a charge.	"Keep my wits, heaven!	It was a great dusty hall, hung round with Gothic-looking portraits, of a stark line of warriors, each with his weapon, and the weapons of those he had slain in battle, hung beside his picture.	It was well-wooded and fertile; there were birds of various kinds, and herds of swine roaming about, the progeny of a number that had swam ashore, in former years, from a Spanish wreck.	I would have retreated to the stair-case, but the door of it was occupied by the phantom figure of an esquire, who rudely flung a gauntlet in my face.	About this time, the Roost experienced a vast accession of warlike importance, in being made one of the stations of the water-guard.	A narrative of the whole matter, from which most of the foregoing particulars are extracted, was published at the time in London, in a pamphlet form, and could not fail to be eagerly perused by Shakspeare, and to make a vivid impression on his fancy.	Certain it is, the trial was neither long nor intricate.	The critic, too, who dictates thus oracularly to the world, is perhaps some dingy, ill-favored, ill-mannered varlet, who, were he to speak by word of mouth, would be disregarded, if not scoffed at; but such is the magic of types; such the mystic operation of anonymous writing; such the potential effect of the pronoun we, that his crude decisions, fulminated through the press, become circulated far and wide, control the opinions of the world, and give or destroy reputation.	He read her doubt, and in the giddy intoxication of the moment, drew off the pledge of his affianced bride, and slipped it on the finger of the Alcayde's daughter.	When the bark that bore Sir George's body to England had faded from the watery horizon, these three vagabonds walked forth in their majesty and might, the lords and sole inhabitants of these islands.	Farther observation and experience have given me a different idea of this little feathered voluptuary, which I will venture to impart, for the benefit of my school-boy readers, who may regard him with the same unqualified envy and admiration which I once indulged.	The wordy strife at length attracted the attention of an old, gray-headed clerk, who sat perched on a high stool, at a high desk, with iron-rimmed spectacles on the top of a thin, pinched nose, copying records into an enormous folio.	It was a post always confided to some well-tried commander; and, at the time of which we treat, was held by Rodrigo de Narvaez, a veteran, famed, both among Moors and Christians, not only for his hardy feats of arms, but also for that magnanimous courtesy which should ever be entwined with the sterner virtues of the soldier.	The march of intellect, which had made such rapid strides along every river and highway, had not yet, apparently, turned down into this favored valley.	Yet, let it not be supposed that this worthy community was without its periods of arduous activity.	It was not on those points that she felt doubt or dismay.	It grieves me much that the good fortune which delivered thee into my hands, should have marred so fair an enterprise.	Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.	Terror was visible in all his features.	exclaimed the Alcayde, reproachfully, "that you, who were so hardy and fearless in the field, should lose all spirit in prison?	"The Adelantado of the Seven Cities."	Then the castle courts rang with shouts of joy; and the standard was displayed, and the trumpets were sounded, and the draw-bridge was lowered, and Donna Maria went forth with her ladies, and her knights, and her pages, and her minstrels, to welcome her lord from the wars.	The greatest consternation reigns throughout the village!	Hence he is apt to become narrative and admonitory, that is to say, fond of telling long stories, and of doling out advice, to the small profit and great annoyance of his friends.	The subjugation of Spain was complete.	The noble deputies enforced the petition by every argument in their power.	It will be delivered into the hands of strangers, and will become a prey to the spoiler.	The Christian cavaliers checked their steeds and reconnoitered him warily, loth to come to an encounter, which must end in his destruction.	The air softened into a bland and delightful temperature.	A CHRONICLE OF WOLFERT'S ROOST.	Nature has stamped the land with features of sublimity and beauty; but some of our noblest mountains and loveliest streams are in danger of remaining for ever unhonored and unsung, from bearing appellations totally abhorrent to the Muse.	He found me stretched senseless on the pavement of the armory, and bore me to this room.	The thought struck me to arrest the desolating hand of Time; to rescue the historic pile from utter ruin, and to make it the closing scene of my wanderings; a quiet home, where I might enjoy "lust in rust" for the remainder of my days.	A blush crimsoned her very temples.	Don Munio was covered with wounds, but refused to leave the field.	The conduct of the Regent in this affair excited general indignation.	At length his imagination became so inflamed on the subject, that he determined to fit out an expedition, at his own expense, and set sail in quest of this sainted island.