There was a long terraced walk, with heavy stone balustrades and sculptured urns, overrun with ivy and evergreens.	Which do remember me of where I dwelt     Ere my young mind was sacrificed to books,   Come as of yore upon me, and can melt     My heart with recognition, of their looks;   And even at moments I would think I see   Some living things I love--but none like thee."	The novel of Rob Roy, as I have already observed, was at that time in the press, and I supposed them to be the proof-sheets of that work.	This panel-work is among the mysteries of the Abbey, and causes as much wide speculation as the Egyptian hieroglyphics.	Amundeville is lord by day,     But the monk is lord by night,   Nor wine nor wassail could raise a vassal     To question that friar's right.	By this time we had reached the gate, when he halted, and took my hand.	It was the tower of Bemerside, the baronial residence of the Haigs, or De Hagas, one of the oldest families of the border.	"I kiss'd it, and repress'd my sighs     Its father in its face to see;   But then it had its mother's eyes,     And they were all to love and me.	But to the ballad--   "Beware!	He was quite astonished to learn that they were nearly as much advanced in civilization as the gude folks of Abbotsford.	Newstead Abbey is one of the finest specimens in existence of those quaint and romantic piles, half castle, half convent, which remain as monuments of the olden times of England.	What tends to give weight to these suppositions is, that similar pieces of panel-work exist in other parts of the Abbey, in all of which are to be seen the Christian lady and her Saracen guardian or lover.	He was himself surprised at this sudden revulsion of his feelings, but he had acquired self-possession and could command them.	Happily, however, we passed these ominous places unharmed, and arrived in safety at the portal of Newstead Abbey, highly satisfied with our green-wood foray.	The rear of the Hall, which overlooked the garden, had the weather stains of centuries, and its stone-shafted casements and an ancient sun-dial against its walls carried back the mind to days of yore.	We, however, are children of the mist, and must not mind a little whimpering of the clouds any more than a man must mind the weeping of an hysterical wife.	It walked the cloisters by night, and sometimes glimpses of it were seen in other parts of the Abbey.	Byron sometimes speaks as if he had met with kindness in return, at other times lie acknowledges that she never gave 'him reason to believe she loved him.	Sad, but serene, it sweeps o'er tree or tower;   The cause I know not, nor can solve; but such   The fact:--I've heard it,--once perhaps too much."	At no great distance from Ravenshead Oak is a small cave which goes by the name of Robin Hood's stable.	He even gave this as a reason, though probably in jest, for not sleeping at the Hall, declaring that he feared they would come down from their frames at night to haunt him.	He used various modes to sweat himself down; sometimes he would lie for a long time in a warm bath, sometimes he would walk up the hills in the park, wrapped up and loaded with great coats; "a sad toil for the poor youth," added Nanny, "he being so lame."	Colonel Wildman had him decently interred in the church of Hucknall Torkard, near the vault of Lord Byron.	They had been deeply cut in the bark, but the natural growth of the tree was gradually rendering them illegible, and a few years hence, strangers will seek in vain for this record of fraternal affection.	The latter, however, set great value on these sepulchral relics, and had expressed a lively anticipation of one day or other having the honor of burying Scott, and adding his monument to the collection, which he intended should be worthy of the "mighty minstrel of the north"--a prospective compliment which was by no means relished by the object of it.	"Deserted now, he scans thy gray-worn towers,     Thy vaults, where dead of feudal ages sleep,   Thy cloisters, pervious to the wintry showers,     These--these he views, and views them but to weep.	My Dear Wildman, Mr. Hanson is on the eve of his return, so that I have only time to return a few inadequate thanks for your very kind letter.	Conducted by the chamberlain, and followed by the dog, who assisted in doing the honors of the house, we passed through a long low vaulted hall, supported by massive Gothic arches, and not a little resembling the crypt of a cathedral, being the basement story of the Abbey.	We continued our stroll about the waste apartments, of all shapes and sizes, and without much elegance of decoration.	"A great part of his time used to be passed lying on a sofa reading.	*       *       *       *       * A further stroll among the hills brought us to what Scott pronounced the remains of a Roman camp, and as we sat upon a hillock which had once formed a part of the ramparts, he pointed out the traces of the lines and bulwarks, and the pratorium, and showed a knowledge of castramatation that would not have disgraced the antiquarian Oldbuck himself.	Hastening up a bank which commanded a view along a fold or hollow of the hills, we beheld the sable prince of Denmark standing by the bleeding body of a sheep.	When silken pavilions and warrior-tents decked its crest, and royal standards, and baronial banners, and knightly pennons rolled out to the breeze.	Pebbles and shells, in order laid,   The mimic ranks of war displayed;   And onward still the Scottish Lion bore,   And still the scattered Southron fled before."	In its glassy bosom was reflected the dark mass of a neighboring grove, one of the most important features of the garden.	So it was as clear as day that he had been carried through the air by the fairies while he was sleeping, and his bonnet had been blown off by the way.	"Hout man," replied the other, "are ye in the heart o' Glasgow, and speer the name of it?"	It was a sabbath morning, which always seems to have a hallowed influence over the landscape, probably from the quiet of the day, and the cessation of all kinds of week-day labor.	She explained the motives of her frequent and long visits to the Abbey, which proved to be a singularly enthusiastic idolatry of the genius of Lord Byron, and a solitary and passionate delight in haunting the scenes he had once inhabited.	The painful interview at Annesley Hall, which revived with such intenseness his early passion, remained stamped upon his memory with singular force, and seems to have survived all his "wandering through distant climes," to which he trusted as an oblivious antidote.	As they gazed down from the wall, he thought they scowled upon him, as if they had taken a grudge against him on account of the duel of his ancestor.	In his eagerness to hasten the repairs, he used to get up early in the morning, and ring up the workmen.	The Scottish mind, he said, was made up of poetry and strong common sense; and the very strength of the latter gave perpetuity and luxuriance to the former.	I should not be surprised if he had met with the blackcock; if so, we shall have an addition to our larder, for Walter is a pretty sure shot."	During the time of my visit he inclined to the comic rather than the grave, in his anecdotes and stories, and such, I was told, was his general inclination.	In one of his journals, Lord Byron describes his feelings after thus leaving the oratory.	At another time, according to the same vulgar rumors, he threw her ladyship into the lake in front of the Abbey, where she would have been drowned, but for the timely aid of the gardener.	"And whether for good, or whether for ill,     It is not mine to say;   But still to the house of Amundeville     He abideth night and day.	Nanny Smith undertook to interpret the vision, and read from it such a homily, and deduced such awful warnings, that Joe became quite serious, left off singing, and took to reading good books for a month; but after that, continued Nanny, he relapsed and became as bad as ever, and continued to sing loose and profane songs to his dying day.	After living for a long time in single blessedness, Lauckie all at once, and not long before my visit to the neighborhood, took it into his head to get married.	His firmness, however, was doomed to undergo a further trial.	It is to be hoped that those who actually possess so interesting a monument of Scott's early days, will preserve it from further dilapidation.	We took our leave of the good old dame shortly after, and the story she had related gave subject for conversation on our ride homeward.	Unscrewing these, he drew forth a number of parchment deeds and grants appertaining to the Abbey, and bearing the seals of Edward III.	beware of the Black Friar,     He still retains his sway,   For he is yet the church's heir,     Whoever may be the lay.	They are to be met with in most of the counties north of the Trent, which classic stream seems to be the boundary line of primitive customs.	There were many fine old oaks in it, he said, that had stood for centuries, but were now shattered and "stag-headed," that is to say, their upper branches were bare, and blasted, and straggling out like the antlers of, a deer.	As they came bounding lightly like young fawns, and their dresses fluttering in the pure summer breeze, I was reminded of Scott's own description of his children in his introduction to one of the cantos of Marmion--   "My imps, though hardy, bold, and wild,   As best befits the mountain child,   Their summer gambols tell and mourn,   And anxious ask will spring return,   And birds and lambs again be gay,   And blossoms clothe the hawthorn spray?	It was from the Little White Lady.	Another of these rambling rides in quest of popular antiquities, was to a chain of rocky cliffs, called the Kirkby Crags, which skirt the Robin Hood hills.	A limpid rill of sparkling water, winding and doubling in perplexed mazes, crossed our path repeatedly, so as to give the wood the appearance of being watered by numerous rivulets.	When Colonel Wildman became proprietor of the Abbey he found Joe Murray flourishing in a green old age, though upward of fourscore, and continued him in his station as butler.	The keeper's wife said she saw two standing in a dark part of the cloisters just opposite the chapel, and one in the garden by the lord's well.	Not far from Sandy Knowe, Scott pointed out another old border hold, standing on the summit of a hill, which had been a kind of enchanted castle to him in his boyhood.	The chamber, like all the other parts of the house, had a look of sadness and neglect; the flower-pots beneath the window, which once bloomed beneath the hand of Mary Chaworth, were overrun with weeds; and the piano, which had once vibrated to her touch, and thrilled the heart of her stripling lover, was now unstrung and out of tune.	Such was the medley of objects presented to the eye on first visiting the Abbey, and I found the interior fully to answer the description of the poet--   "The mansion's self was vast and venerable,     With more of the monastic than has been   Elsewhere preserved; the cloisters still were stable,     The cells, too, and refectory, I ween;   An exquisite small chapel had been able,     Still unimpair'd, to decorate the scene;   The rest had been reformed, replaced, or sunk,    And spoke more of the friar than the monk.	The death of the "Old Lord," or "The Wicked Lord Byron," for he is known by both appellations, occurred in 1798; and the Abbey then passed into the possession of the poet.	She had, in fact, grown old with it.	Hamlet, too, though an irregular, impertinent kind of youngster, was evidently a favorite.	"I suppose, then," said I, "you recollect something of Lord Byron, when he used to visit here?"	replied she, "I am _getting in years_, and have a furnished cottage of my own in Annesley Wood, and begin to feel as if I should like to go and live in my own home."	In this way I used to conjure up fictions of the brain, and clothe the objects around me with ideal interest and import, until, as the Abbey clock tolled midnight, I almost looked to see Sir John Byron the Little with the long beard stalk into the room with his book under his arm, and take his seat beside the mysterious chimney-piece.	"What a pity it is," said he, "that Campbell does not write more and oftener, and give full sweep to his genius.	Scarce had he finished, when a great black cat that sat beside the fire raised himself up, exclaimed "Then I am king of the cats!"	As you are not accustomed to be wet through, as a matter of course, in a morning's walk, we will bide a bit under the lee of this bank until the shower is over."	He went on to speak of the elves and sprites, so frequent in Scottish legend.	They drank with Park to a better acquaintance, and were staunch friends ever afterwards.	His executors showed better judgment and feeling, in consigning his ashes to the family sepulchre, to mingle with those of his mother and his kindred.	It then seemed as if the great iron roller was dragged along the gravel walks and terrace, but there was nothing to be seen.	has stood the blow;   Yet still beats on as it begun,     And never truly loves but one.	"The scenes are desert now, and bare,   Where flourished once a forest fair,   When these waste glens with copse were lined,   And peopled with the hart and hind.	"No sound except the echo of his sigh     Or step ran sadly through that antique house,   When suddenly he heard, or thought so, nigh,     A supernatural agent--or a mouse,   Whose little nibbling rustle will embarrass   Most people, as it plays along the arras.	Scott spoke very respectfully of the good breeding and measured manners of the man of wealth, but with a kindlier feeling of the honest parson, and the homely but hearty enjoyment with which he relished every pleasantry.