*       *       *       *       * "Give the country back to the Indians!"	Such a representative should be qualified to deal intelligently with this--this Indian.	"At _this_ hour?	His thin lips peeled back in a snarl.	Nothing moved along it in either direction as far as I could see.	1.E.9.	You aimin' to await the dawn?"	Who is it?"	That was when the robots moved.	"You cold-blooded bastard!	*       *       *       *       * Finally Enoch heard the Indians returning toward camp.	I can get by in the tongue of the Iroquois, the Caddoan, the Siouan, and the Muskhogean.	Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.	He grunted and up came the rifle butt for another try.	"Yeah?"	Taking advantage of every possible means of cover, he inched ahead, changing his direction a dozen times, until he suddenly stopped short, his path barred by the towering spaceship itself.	They were fully armed, with orders to use those arms if necessary.	This was the end of the line!	"You don't think it true?"	Lo-as-ro had stopped smiling and was glancing about the circle in obvious bewilderment.	Two robots took up positions on the ramp to discourage kibitzers, and after an hour or so in which nothing more happened, the rest of the camp returned pretty much to normal.	Quinlan."	But again his luck failed to hold.	"You coming to bed?	Lew's my uncle."	Franklin McClave, the Secretary of War, cut in on us at this point.	At 4:07 this afternoon Mr. Wetzel was found by the crew of an Army tank twelve miles west of Burdette, Colorado.	My back was as stiff as his, my head as erect, my shoulders as square if not as wide.	The barrage of light, he discovered, had come from the towering robots, and he recalled the dozen or so steel monsters that had left the camp soon after the spaceship landed.	"Maybe they can tell us what's been happening around here."	He appeared suddenly, without warning, in the doorway.	With the power at his control he could force the white man from the continent and restore the land to those who owned it.	The complete lack of feeling in his tone infuriated me.	"I have come to return the land to the Orbiwah, to restore him to the greatness of his fathers.	He was scared to death.	A tall, semi-circular opening showed black in one side, with a sloping metallic ramp reaching from it to the ground.	President."	It is working for me now.	"... most of eastern Colorado," the radio said suddenly, "as well as the western fringes of Nebraska and Kansas."	"This we do not understand.	"And a four, and a three, and a two, and a one--_target_!"	As this was not a plane used for parachute troops there was no wire to hook the 'chute cord to.	A moment later the first wave of Indians passed below him.	"I'm beginning to believe what you said about robots.	With his lips close to my ear, he whispered, "It's a-settin' out thar midst open ground."	The trip seemed to take forever.	I remembered the slain farmer with the missing scalp, the two companies of soldiers helpless without radio, guns and transportation.	I shrugged.	"For all Indians," I said.	"Who says I didn't?"	Enoch, finding himself shielded from the rays by the thick bole of a tree, scrambled into its branches.	"It's all we have to go on," the President said softly.	I looked at him and at the other men around the table.	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	Suddenly the room was bulging with strangers.	"Sounds like Purcell."	"Until my return," I said, "let the influence of the machine draw back until it holds helpless only a small section of land about your ship.	I grasped the door frame and waited, my heart pounding in my ears.	Suddenly the room was bulging with strangers.	"Are you suggesting I shoot them down without warning?"	Some of the tension seemed to go out of the room.	Again I felt the hair move along my scalp.	At once a young brave brought out a long, elaborately carved peace-pipe.	The co-pilot helped us don the 'chutes, and five minutes before arrival opened the heavy side door.	Perhaps it was not right, but it is the way of life that the strong prevail and the weak perish."	He's a screwball, of course, and I owe you a good solid apology for starting a ruckus."	Lo-as-ro put the bit to his mouth and puffed smoke toward the four cardinal points of the compass, then passed the pipe to me.	I started for the spaceship again, not hurrying and not crawling, head still up, spine still stiff, eyes straight ahead.	I thought of a mechanized America helpless before a few score of these spaceships ... and I knew that counter-violence would be useless.	YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.	Is that it?"	Once we flushed a long-eared rabbit, and it was five minutes before I could get my heart out of my throat.	"More Indians?"	Since the spaceships were able to move through Time into the past, Lo-as-ro hit on the idea of going back to the days when the Indian was still in control of most of America.	After another mile of winding roadway, Wetzel suddenly turned aside and plunged into the forest.	With the amenities out of the way, the Chief said, "Why has the White Chief sent you to me?"	I pointed to the house.	Violence hung over them as it hangs over a Patton tank.	Instantly the two scouts took to their heels, darting through the inky blackness of the forest with the sure-footed celerity of long practice.	Neither of us said anything for fully a mile.	Yet a chain of incredible events had made us allies against an alien foe.	More hours passed.	We lay there side by side close to a huge tree, deep in the shadows.