"There's a lot in what you say," agreed Marden.	The blue eyes frosted over.	Drop me off in front."	"Say, you sound, like you go in for that sort of thing!	That's the next town, isn't it?"	We even help the S.P.	"The gov'ment's buildin' some kind of a ammunition place near here, and I understand the Black Hornet's figurin' on wreckin' everything.	They're led by the Black Hornet.	He slid into the seat with casual deliberateness and slammed the car door shut.	"I can believe that.	"There's where I'm holed up.	Hop in."	That guy was a dope!	I'll put you next to somethin'.	"Skip it, pal.	But he won't last long with the Strato Rovers on his trail."	The other nodded complacently.	You look like a right guy.	Marden felt his jaw drop.	"Oh, absolutely."	"Dentonville."	Tell me, Eagen, what are you doing out here around a small Earth town like Dentonville?"	"A mystery ray!	We're about the toughest mob this side of Mars.	I'm just a salesman, trying to get along."	Mike Eagen pointed ahead to a small white house set back among a cluster of trees.	She watched in silence as the passenger stepped from the rocket car and lifted his hand to the driver in careless farewell.	'Course he won't get away with it."	"Robin Hood--nuts!	This Black Hornet goes around pretendin' like he's a big business man, but he's really a internatural spy."	What is your--er--racket, anyway?"	They rode in silence for half a mile or so.	I'm telling you right now, I haven't enough cash on me to make it worth your while.	Marden was plainly awed.	"Pardon me," Marden said hastily.	"Thanks for the lift, chum," said Mike Eagen.	"Yeah."	*       *       *       *       * The calm eyes flicked over his contrite expression.	"Oh, yes.	Most guys are leery about pickin' up hitch-hikers.	"The Strato Rovers, eh?	"I'm certainly glad to hear that!	"Where are you headed for?"	It's none of my business, of course."	"Something to that, all right.	"Can't always tell by looks," was the calm reply.	We get ours from the crooks and racketeers.	Why, we got a mystery ray that paralyzes anybody that starts up with us.	he asked.	Right now we're workin' with the Earth-Mars G-men in roundin' up a gang of fifth-columnists that are plannin' on takin' over the gov'ment.	"Yeah.	"No!"	"Not at all," replied Marden.	"I didn't mean anything.	Runnin' around with bows and arrows.	Not very communicative, reflected Marden, noticing the rather ragged condition of the other's celo-lex clothing.	I've heard of them, all right."	"And of course that puts your ... mob in the Robin Hood class."	Scattered plasticade houses on either side of the road indicated they had reached the outskirts of Dentonville.	The hitch-hiker took his time.	sometimes.	With a weapon like that, you should be able to walk into a bank and clean it out without any trouble."	Finally Marden glanced questioningly at his companion's expressionless profile.	"Have much trouble getting rides?"	His passenger's lips curled.	"I'm Mike Eagen--head of the Strato Rovers."	"A--what?"	Marden was properly impressed.	We don't bother honest people, though.	Marden nodded.	Marden pursed his lips, nodded.	"Look, chum, sometimes it ain't exactly healthy to ask questions like that."	"Yeah.	"'Course us guys mostly pick out some guy with a swell atomic-mobile if we're goin' to pull a stick-up.	Scared they'll get robbed."	They're all right when it wears off, but by that time we get away."	Only keep your lip buttoned, see?"	He spoke from the corner of his mouth, without turning his head.	"The E-M G-men say he's the most dangerous man in the country.	"I told you, we don't bother honest people.	"A internatural spy," repeated Marden's companion, shortly.	A young woman in a faded blue satin-glass house-dress was standing at the gate of the white picket fence.	The rocket car got under way once more.