If Vokal is the man we are looking for, he will make another attempt at learning Garlud's whereabouts.	whispered the youth.	Unfortunately for her purpose it ran almost east and west instead of north and after following it into the east for the better part of two hours, it began gradually to veer southward, taking her further and further from the caves of her father.	After we have time enough to reach that point, the rest of you will make a noise of some kind to attract the guards' attention.	CHAPTER XIV AMBUSH For a long time after Sitab was gone, Vokal remained seated on a low bench in the living room of his apartment.	A muffled chattering pushed through the wad of leaves and the prisoner shrank away as far as the vines binding his wrists to the tree would permit.	I do not believe the noble Garlud had anything to do with old Heglar's attempt to knife you.	Finally the time came when Tharn realized Ammad was only a short distance ahead.	"It is common knowledge, noble Heglar; your physician is a talkative man."	The first wave swept the still inexperienced Trakor completely from his branch, and he would have fallen headlong through space toward the ground below had not one of the ambushers caught him by an ankle and jerked him roughly back to a different type of danger.	A hundred yards ahead was a jungle-cloaked forest, its towering trees close-knit to the point of impenetrability.	It was an unusually quiet night.	Is Heglar still alive and in a position to eventually expose the true culprit?"	Their talk was filled with eagerness at being close to Ammad once more, and Tharn was aware of a feeling of sharp disappointment.	A wry smile touched the old man's lips.	When Trakor nodded to indicate Tharn's plan was clear to him, the cave lord rose to his feet and, like a shadowy wraith, moved to the nearest wall.	None of their captors entered the hut to learn how they were faring, although not once were they unobserved from without.	Beyond the stalwart figure of the guard was the softly curved form of a woman whose hair was very black and who, despite the folds of a cloak held to shadow her face, seemed young and beautiful....	"But he wanted you.	"I do."	"You never had any use for her because she is a girl of the caves instead of a nobleman's daughter.	Tharn will take us from these people."	Yet for all of that she was still a girl, young and, by jungle standards, weak.	She does not fear the jungle: all that she needed was a chance to get into it without our seeing her, and tonight she was given that chance.	Trouble clouded his fine eyes.	As the mazes of foliage grew denser nearer the ground, the remains of the hut began to slow its fall, grinding to a complete stop some twenty feet above ground.	The thin waist, narrow supple hips and long straight legs were the hallmarks of a true warrior, and his sharp alert eyes and handsome clean-cut features were evidence of nobility and intelligence.	Your father is coming with many warriors to hunt me down.	As though driven by some overpowering urge, Tharn raced southward through the middle terraces with astonishing speed.	"Ever since I can remember you and my father were the closest of friends!"	"As well as in the days he walked Ammad's streets a free man," the captain said in his deep calm voice.	The more he thought about this whole business the more certain he was that all the facts were not yet revealed.	Old Heglar's dying words cannot be lightly dismissed."	Ekbar snapped.	A few hour's sleep would make him better able to face the morrow.... ... From her place on the narrow balcony of the nobleman's apartment, Dylara watched the candle flame perish under the man's exhalation.	"Who speaks?"	Tamar said quietly.	Constantly he was forced to search out branches of sufficient strength, stepping out and onto them without the additional safety of a steadying hand hold.	And, I suppose, at least fifty more of these huge strangers fell upon you?"	Sitab cried through chattering teeth.	Beyond this, five hurried strides brought him beside the sleeping cave princess.	Vokal summoned a guard and instructed him to appoint several warriors to escort the old man safely to his home, as robbery under cover of night was far from unusual on Ammad's numerous streets.	Yet hope did not leave him entirely.	repeated Trakor, astonished.	This time he spilled a few drops on the floor as a voluntary offering to the God-Whose-Name-May-Not-Be-Spoken-Aloud--a tribute given usually only during formal dinners--gulped down several swallows of the alcoholic grape beverage, then turned those sharp eyes on Vokal.	She came back to reality to find she was being borne through the trees with incredible speed.	Tharn is here!	Their spears cut him down in time, then they took her with them.	It was the first time he had thought of Lanoa in nearly a moon.	Lights were beginning to show from some of the palace windows; at any moment an arrow from above might strike him down.	Such intrigues were common in Ammad; several of the six had served more than one nobleman during their lifetimes.	A tree stump, a fallen log--any of several explanations would cover that motionless bulk lying there.	"A nice dry cave would come in handy if the rain comes," the youth observed.	The rays of a full moon bathed the impressive scene.	She came into a large, low-ceilinged room, lighted by candles in beautifully carved wooden brackets affixed to the walls.	The cave lord caught the faint note of sadness in the young man's voice and his admiration for the lad went still higher.	There is no need for you to attempt to shield him--he will be dead in a few hours!"	She had almost arranged the girl's death in Sephar, but Dylara had slain the hired assassin.	Judging from the size of the building beyond this wall, its grounds should contain many trees.	You are comparatively young and a brave man.	"How do we know," he said anxiously, "whether this lion is not that hungry?"	They have discovered your absence and have backtracked in search of you."	A moon or so before, one of Vokal's collectors had informed Ekbar that this merchant was claiming allegiance to Garlud, even though his shop was not in the latter's territory.	"Tharn?"	But Curzad and Jaltor had fought side by side in many a battle and through many a campaign, and each honored and respected the other.	A nobleman whose influence and power showed signs of weakening found his territory subjected to raids, his followers won away from him by threats and promises.	From a hidden pouch in the folds of his loin cloth Tharn took a bit of keen-edged flint: the primitive razor with which he painstakingly scraped each second day his sprouting beard.	I am not noted for being a charitable man, noble Heglar."	Had the circumstances demanded it, Tharn would have unhesitatingly charged all fifty of those armed men; but only the inexperienced uses force where stealth will do.	Thirty paces one way, an about face executed with the military precision Vokal demanded of his guards, then thirty paces back again, spear held rigidly across his tunic-clad chest.	"Let us be on our way--back to join our companions!"	"One had black hair; the other's hair was the color of Dyta, the sun, as he seeks his lair for the night.	Later I shall decide what is to be done with him."	"Trakor, where are you?"	After two hours of plodding along the winding game path, flames from the smoking torches casting eerie shadows among the thick foliage and heavy tree boles, Trakor could stand this uncertainty no longer.	The only danger, really, was that his unfailing courtesy, thoughtfulness and complete adoration might succeed in winning the cave girl's love.	"Disarm him!"	At first he considered entering the camp after another hour or two, but with the trebling of the guard he gave up the idea--for the night at least.	What promised to be at least a breathing space died in its infancy as a full dozen of the white-tunicked fighting men of Vokal's guard appeared at the juncture of streets to their left, and catching sight of them, came tearing along the pavement in their direction.	"Very well, take those three into custody.	"Do you expect me to believe," he said hotly, "that a single warrior could slay seven of you?	The rain may fall for suns on end but then the wind is not too strong and there is no danger in moving about."	How long this mad flight endured or how far it took her Dylara was never to know.