"'At the time stated above,'" Kirk, continued, reading from the paper, "'Mr.	The circle dropped silently beneath them in a bright metal tube in which a door soon appeared to let them out into a broad street filled with casually moving pedestrians.	This, he told himself, is too much a coincidence to _be_ a coincidence!	He straightened up and the tense little mirthless grin played on his lips.	Martin Kirk made a show of astonishment.	A defense mechanism against insanity?	Whistle in the dark, boy, but admit it--you're scared.	"I'd a sworn we pulled that place apart last month.	"Rondo is very gentle."	You seem weary to the point of exhaustion.	You cops put her up to this; that's it!	He leaned back and put his feet up and attacked the three mysterious words from every conceivable angle.	But now that "taking" had come out "Dakin"--what did the rest of the phrase mean?	Field Seven at--let's see--12:30."	Three hours spent in going through the complete transcript of the Cordell trial and nothing to show for it but stiff muscles and an aching head.	Ignoring the "girl from Mars" angle, alienists for the prosecution      pronounced the handsome defendant sane, and his attorneys were      powerless to offset the damage.	"If it will help you."	Martin Kirk had had all he could take.	"Nobody's got enough money to make that kind of payoff.	Gilmore didn't own any colleges and how do you go about warning one?	Martin Kirk eyed his cigar casually.	"Looks like you're elected," he said somberly.	The man listened respectfully, repeated them back to Kirk to convince him there would be no slip-up, and the Lieutenant went back upstairs to 3D to take up his vigil.	How did you get to Mythox?	The superintendent admitted Kirk to the Dakin apartment and went down to the foyer to ring the bell in case the girl arrived at the wrong time.	The grin was tighter than ever.	"Idiot!	Naia turned and moved through the room just off the balcony.	Then, "I am Tamu, the overlord of the galaxy.	It contained a silvery radiance and the kick of a Missouri mule.	"But why this?	"Of course.	When you _know_ someone's innocent you can't realize that others won't know it too, I suppose.	You knew it could show you and your whole organization up as a bunch of bunglers and incompetents.	Q: But you did pay attention, as you call it, to Miss Dakin?	Suddenly the hum was chopped off and a familiar voice spoke familiar words.	_Colleagues!_ It was his colleagues Gilmore had promised to warn.	Gradually his eyes became more and more accustomed to the absence of light worthy of the name, and he began to identify objects as something more than formless shadows.	Not      that she was working too hard, or whatever it was you claimed to      have said.	His first action was to enter the tiny kitchen and unbolt the door leading to the rear porch.	I'll admit I hadn't intended to--to spy on Greg.	"Mythox and Earth are two grains of dust on opposite sides of a galaxy--a spiral formation of stars and planets 200,000 light years wide and 20,000 thick.	Several times the subject left the bedroom, but he was able to pick up sounds familiar enough to trace as emanating from the living room or kitchen.	Distance, as you Earthlings regard it, is not distance at all.	A: Alma Dakin, the Professor's secretary.	It was going somewhere.	"Why, no.	In this business you get so you can recognize an act when you see one, and I'd swear Cordell wasn't lying about that blonde and her blue fire.	After a long, motionless time, the silence became such a roaring thing in Kirk's ears he could stand it no longer.	"Who did?"	But not strange.	Her face was more lovely than beautiful, chiefly because of large eyes so blue they were almost purple.	Who could do a better job of faking evidence than a crooked cop?	"Then," Kirk said heatedly, "what's _your_ explanation?"	Well, why not?	The coupe passed his parked car, turned the corner and disappeared.	Q: Did you ever have an argument with her?	"My!	Or was it because she wanted to shield the real killer?	I can't imagine--" "Okay.	"This shiny hunk of metal you used: where is it now?"	Will you stop being foolish, or must I kill you?"	And a couple of      students--although they were at the other end of the room and I      didn't pay much attention to them.	"I don't understand you.	No one but you could have murdered those two people.	I'm a police officer, and police officers are trained to do the job right."	"Well, it won't work, Fatso!	Troy questioned her for nearly two hours, getting in every possible angle of her private life as well as minute details of her actions on the day of the murders.	Kirk demanded bluntly.	The light beam seemed to resent this.	The other could not hide his surprise.	he shouted and sprang to the ground to meet her.	It was only by exerting almost his entire strength that he was able to shift the thing at all, and then no more than a few inches.	She lifted an eyebrow at him.	"Please sit down, madam.	Now how well do you know Miss Dakin?	"Mythox.	"As a benefit to humanity."	What've you got to do with Paul Cordell?"	The patrolman was staring at him in monstrous perplexity.	Not even that.	"We won't go into it."	"Taking in washing!"