The purpose of the meeting was to "cut up" Mars.	It is more accurate to say there are four separate clans that don't like each other, though how they can tell the difference is beyond us.	They had been led to believe by the little guy who escorted them that all Martian dames resembled Marilyn Monroe, only more so, and the men were Adonises (and not Joe).	"What the hell is this," they asked the character in the opera hat, in what is known as a menacing attitude.	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	That is how the crime trust found out that there is no sugar on Mars; that this was the first time it had ever been tasted by a Martian; that it acts on them like junk does on an Earthman.	_Bem_: A word derived by using the first letters of the      three words: Bug Eyed Monster.	You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.	_Space suit_: The clothing worn by those who go into space.	In fact, one of them remarked, "Boy, are we gone."	The temperature is a little colder there than on Earth and the air a little thinner.	He escorted them into the cigar, pressed a button here and there, and before you could say "Al Capone" the roof of the shed slid back and they began to move upward at a terrific rate of speed.	With a slight tensing of the muscles you can jump 20 feet, so why smoke "tea" when you can fly like crazy for nothing?	The hood bit the gold piece.	_Space platform_: A man-made satellite rotating around Earth      between here and the Moon.	But the Russians were anxious, able and willing to provide all the beets they wanted at half the competitive price.	Baloney.	See paragraph 1.C below.	They smelled worse than Texas yahoos just off a cow farm.	The citizens of the planet are apparently about halfway down the toboggan.	he was asked.	The final division found the apportionment as follows:      _New York mob_: Real estate and investments (if any)      _Chicago mob_: Bookmaking and liquor (if any)      _Brooklyn mob_: Protection and assassinations      _Jersey mob_: Numbers (if any) and craps (if any)      _Los Angeles mob_: Girls (if any)      _Galveston and New Orleans mobs_: Dope (if any)      _Cleveland mob_: Casinos (if any)      _Detroit mob_: Summer resorts (if any) The Detroit boys, incidentally, burned up when they learned the Martian year is twice as long as ours, consequently it takes two years for one summer to roll around.	_Hairoscope_: A very sensitive instrument for space      navigation.	The hop back, for various reasons, took a little longer.	On the other hand, the Martian death ray guns were not fatal to the toughs from Earth; anyone who can live through St. Valentine's Day in Chicago can live through anything.	For most of the world's cheap sugar comes from Russia!	Simple.	It was snapped up as fast as it arrived.	Babes, broads, frails, pigeons, ribs--catch on?"	However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other form.	"What's Mars?"	The men in charge of this end of the business circulate through the chocolate and soap bars, politely inquiring, "Who would you like killed?"	A .45 would do just as well, but      then there's the Sullivan Act.	The Martian lingo seems to be somewhat similar to Chinese.	This is serious."	1.F.2.	_Extrapolation_: The process by which a science-fiction      writer takes an established scientific fact and builds      thereon a story that couldn't happen in a million years, but      maybe 2,000,000.	he squawked.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	They couldn't make head or tail of it, and you can hardly blame them, because inside the great structure they found a huge contraption that looked like a cigar (Havana Perfecto) standing on end.	As a result, the Mafia and its allies control thousands of legitimate enterprises ranging from hotel chains to railroads and from laundries to distilleries.	You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.	A load of diamonds and dope coming back, a load of sugar and blondes going up.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	1.B.	We have enough trouble right here.	_Space Academy_: A college where young men are trained to be      spacemen.	Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.	The decision reached there was to corner chlorophyll (which accounts in part for the delay in putting it on the market down here) and ship it to Mars to deodorize the populace there.	Especially smelled.	_Time machine_: A machine that carries you back to yesterday      and into next year.	1.C.	Seems they once were, at that.	If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy.	_Disintegrating ray_: Something you can't see that turns      something you can see into something you can't see.	_Grav-plates_: A form of magnetic shoe worn by spacemen      while standing on the outer hull of a space ship halfway to      Mars.	The man from Mars bit the candy bar.	These hairs are obtained from the      Glomph-Frog, found only in the heart of the dense Venusian      swamps.	_S.F._: An abbreviation for science fiction.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	The Crime Cartel met in Cleveland--in the third floor front of a tenement on Mayfield Road.	Optional on the more expensive space      ships, at extra cost.	When they spoke with a certain expression, the mobsters let go with 45s, which, however, merely have a stunning effect on the gent on the receiving end because of the lesser gravity.	Not to be      confused with the report of a sawed-off shot gun.	Never before had such a thing happened on Mars, and to say she was surprised is putting it lightly.	And we defy anyone to call us liars--and prove it!	For instance, _psonqule_ may mean "I love you" or "you dirty son-of-a-bitch."	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.	Mars      Confidential proves the fallacy of this theory.	Why a spaceman wants to stand on the outer hull of a      ship halfway to Mars is not clear.	The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	The visiting Mafia delegation was naturally disappointed at this state of affairs.	See paragraph 1.E below.	On the other hand, the gravity is considerably less than on Earth.	However, the Mafia, which is a world-wide blood brotherhood with colonies in every land and clime, has a universal language.	If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.	After some discussion they cut cards.	*       *       *       *       * The boys also imported a couple of smart mouthpieces and a ship of blank habeas corpus forms, together with a judge who was the brother of one of the lawyers, so there was no need to build a jail in this model city.	With no Harvard bigdomes to tell them gold is a thing of the past, the yellow metal circulates there as freely and easily as we once kicked pennies around before they became extinct here.	"Oh, I assume you mean girls.	See any comic      strip.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.