I wonder if we are not on a fool's errand after all."	And how glibly you can describe feats that are easy to a race in its youth.	The Explorer smiled.	He said, "Red sent me in for something good to eat, but I don't exactly know what he meant.	He looked from one parent to the other in quick speculation at their fixed stares and said, "Got to clean up first, though," and made for the other door.	The second class would include those planets formed so near the stellar center that the high temperature would make it impossible to capture much hydrogen.	At least they weren't afraid of new things."	He said I had an animal?"	"They didn't point it at us till now," pointed out Red with his heart not quite in it.	He looked at the wall clock.	"Those?"	"Well, it is, too, a space-ship."	Though it lacked the size of the uninhabitable hydrogen-ammonia planets and its low density made its surface gravity fairly normal, its gravitational forces fell off but slowly with distance.	"And how does your being an astronomer change the fact that you are still only quoting their unsupported statements?"	I don't know exactly when.	"Well, what are we going to do?	Slim said, "Sir?"	"You wouldn't believe it of them.	Blast it down."	He said, "Not quite."	He was _holding_ them, and feeding them meat."	"I take it back, then," grumbled Red.	He heard the trampling and his eyes snapped open.	"Down there.	"They hardly budge if you touch them."	Besides, there isn't any such thing as a space-ship."	The day looks so--_normal_."	Holy Smokes, haven't you ever seen ground meat?	This leaves them seven million super-dense worlds for exploration and colonization."	Slim screeched, "Animals!	"Look here, Slim, you mean that's a ship from another world."	Was it reasonable to destroy almost all their tremendous civilization in atomic warfare over causes our historians can no longer accurately determine?"	He moved miserably to the other end of the living room.	The Merchant demanded an immediate landing.	It wasn't the bomb that defeated us, but our own shell shock.	Mind you, their theory had a rigidly mathematical development and it predicted just such a Galaxy as they describe.	Some of the panic left Slim's heart.	I said, 'We got to be getting back to the house.'	I tell you what.	"And talking about that, son, the reason for it is that something happened to the ingredients.	Red waited before answering.	It involves a projector for the focussing of thought and, even more than that, conscious attention on the part of both projector and receptor.	You wait and see, and it'll be all your fault."	First, the planets which formed at distances far enough from their stellar nucleus to become cool enough to capture hydrogen.	"Why--just exploring, sir."	He actually feels _bad_ that we're leaving.	"Thank you, sir."	"But I can.	It was covered with stiff canvas.	The atmosphere, abnormally high and thick in the gravitational potential of this world whipped and burned about the ship, but to the very last it looked as though he might bring it under control despite that.	"They may not be friendly."	Slim reached reluctantly.	The Industrialist said, "One moment, son."	Where are there other worlds?"	You are less solvent than your father and he was less solvent than his father.	"I don't think so."	He waited patiently.	He was surrounded by a world of thick, ropy stalks of grass, and in the distance were trees that reminded him vaguely of similar structures on his native Arcturian world except that their lowest branches were high above what he would consider normal tree-tops.	"I don't care.	It's your own foolishness in trying to take something without permission that gave you away.	Let's sort of bury them somewhere or throw them in the creek."	Still, he could not break his vow of secrecy even in spirit without at least the excuse of personal insult.	Destroyed, Doctor!	But you know--I almost hate to say this--" "Say what?"	Red looked annoyed.	The Explorer struggled to keep his self-control.	Red's mother was moving up, panting a little with the exertion and smiling a tight smile for the benefit of Slim in his capacity as guest.	Then he said, "Yes, sir."	But the calm thought came, "We would not harm the young of an intelligent species."	Red walked into the house and said cheerfully, "Time for lunch, I guess."	Red watched them walk away and when he turned he saw Slim peering cautiously out from among the briars of a hedge.	Friendship between alien intelligences is an imponderable.	At least the decision was out of his hands.	"I think we had better go to the barn, sir!"	They can bring their own food, build domed stations of lowered air pressure, devise specially designed ships."	Red said, "Well, I was sort of--" "Hungry?"	"I can't reach it with the Projector.	"Not real early, Dad.	"Pardon me, ma'am, but can you describe these animals?"	"And you found me solvent?"	He was still frowning.	Let's not discuss that now."	An old man sleeps in the sun and his days are peaceful and unchanging, but each day finds him nearer death all the same."