While the work done so far is most suggestive and interesting, much research remains to be carried out.	Climate changes, conditions change, the food supply may change, the nature of living enemies may change.	What humanity must do, if additional radiation damage is absolutely necessary, is to take on as little of that added damage as possible, and not pretend that any direct benefits will be involved.	It is generally believed that the straight line continues all the way down without deviation to very low radiation absorptions.	Chromosomes can be broken by such radiation and this is the main cause of actual cell death.	While not as short-lived or as fecund as fruit flies, mice can nevertheless produce enough young over a reasonable period of time to yield statistically useful results.	Too, blood cells are continually breaking up and must be replaced in vast numbers.	Complete sets of the series are available to school and public librarians, and to teachers who can make them available for reference or for use by groups.	Later experiments, by Muller and by others, showed that the number of mutations was directly proportional to the quantity of radiation absorbed.	A streaking bit of radiation may strike a water molecule near a gene and may break up the molecule to form a free radical.	It turned out that the 21st pair of chromosomes (using a convention whereby the chromosome pairs are numbered in order of decreasing size) consists of three individuals rather than two.	The energetic particles cause ionization of the silver bromide molecules in the emulsion._] [Illustration: _Alpha particles emitted by the source at right leave tracks in a cloud chamber.	Half the sperm cells he produces would carry a single gene for brown eyes in its half set of chromosomes.	Past a certain critical point, when too many cells are made incapable of division, this is no longer possible.	He would not do well and such a mutated gene would never establish itself for long.	In every generation those individuals with a gene pattern that fit them better for their environment won out over those with less effective patterns—won out in the race for food, for mates, and for safety.	The Watson-Crick structure of DNA is   discussed in terms of mutation.	A second possible explanation is that there is present within the cells themselves some process that tends to repair damage to the genes and to counteract mutations.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	Fertilization added the father’s chromosome, which made three Nos.	[7]Estimated average exposures to the gonads, based on 1963 report of     Federal Radiation Council.	The child would then be homozygous, with two genes for blue eyes, and he would definitely be blue-eyed.	It makes a considerable difference to the body whether a large dose of radiation is absorbed over the space of a few minutes or a few years.	Actually, as the situation appears right now, it is not likely that the use of radiation in modern medicine, research, and industry will overstep the maximum bounds set by scientists who have weighed the problem carefully.	In a modern technological society, however, nearsighted individuals, doing more poorly at outdoor games, are often driven into quieter activities that involve reading, thinking, and studying.	It might seem that X rays applied to the jaw or the chest would not affect the gonads, and this might be so if all the X rays could indeed be confined to the portion of the body at which they are aimed.	Doubling the quantity of radiation absorbed doubled the number of mutations, tripling the one tripled the other, and so on.	There is no margin for correction.	The effect of high-energy radiation on the genetic mechanism was first demonstrated experimentally in 1927 by Muller.	The body is, so to speak, continually repairing the radiation damage and no serious symptoms will develop.	While individual persons may be threatened by the manner in which the environment is being permeated with novel chemicals, the next generation is not affected in advance.	Fallout is not uniformly spread over the earth but is higher in those latitudes where nuclear bombs have been most frequently tested.	Radiation Dose Rate and Mutation Frequency, W. L. Russell and others,   _Science_, 128: 1546 (December 19, 1958).	Yet one can see that the genetic load is quite heavy and that anything that would tend to increase it would certainly be undesirable, and perhaps even dangerous.	Cosmic rays are deflected somewhat toward the magnetic poles by the earth’s magnetic field.	A lethal gene, he found, might well be produced somewhere along the length of a particular chromosome once out of every two hundred times that chromosome underwent replication.	START: FULL LICENSE THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.	A total exposure of 10 rads might increase the overall mutation rate, it is roughly estimated, by 10%.	The heterozygotes, or carriers, who possess a single gene of this sort, and who live out normal lives, keep that gene in being.	By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.	In the male, sperm cells are formed in the testes; in the female, egg cells are formed in the ovaries.	This is a typical mutation rate for a gene in higher organisms generally, as far as geneticists can tell (though the rates are lower among bacteria and viruses).	Then, too, if a moderate dose is delivered, the body may show visible symptoms of radiation sickness but can recover.	If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.	Atoms consist of particles (electrons), each carrying a negative electric charge and circling a tiny centrally located nucleus, which carries a positive electric charge.	Atoms of the heavy metals, uranium and thorium, are constantly, though very slowly, breaking down and in the process giving off alpha rays, beta rays, and gamma rays.	In a human being, however—even in an adult who is no longer experiencing overall growth—there are many tissues whose cells must undergo division throughout life.	It is possible for chromosomes to undergo more serious changes, either structural or chemical, so that entirely new characteristics are produced that might not otherwise exist.	It is particularly difficult to study their production in human beings, since men have comparatively long lifetimes and few children, and since their mating habits cannot well be controlled.	Motion Pictures _Radiation and the Population_, 29 minutes, sound, black and white,   1962.	In that case, the individual is _homozygous_ for that characteristic and may be referred to as a _homozygote_.	A small dose of radiation may affect growing tissues and prevent a small proportion of the cells of those tissues from dividing.	[3] Of the wave forms the two best-known are sound and electromagnetic radiations.	There is overwhelming evidence to indicate that this is true in general, although there are specific instances where it is not completely true and scientists must tread softly while drawing conclusions.	These may undergo somatic mutations, and an increased incidence of cancer in those tissues is among the drastic results of exposure to certain chemicals.	It is not to be expected that the large majority of humanity that makes up the populations outside the United States, Great Britain, France, China, and the Soviet Union can be expected to accept stoically the risk of even limited quantities of genetic damage, out of any feeling of loyalty to nations not their own.	It would be the dark-skinned people who would tend to die out.	)_] Most mutations, however, are not associated with any noticeable change in chromosome structure.	Matters can go further still, however, in the direction of novelty.	The normal gene carries on for both.	1.E.2.	Rads and roentgens are not completely satisfactory units in estimating the biological effects of radiation.	(Thus, cancers, which cannot safely be reached with the surgeon’s knife, are sometimes exposed to high-energy radiation in the hope that the cancer cells will be effectively killed in that manner.)	Unfortunately, X rays do not uniformly travel a straight line in passing through matter.	UNITED STATES ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION   _Dr.	It may also be that the heterozygote experiences an actual advantage over the normal individual under some conditions.	Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.	Greater extremes are encountered at such places as Kerala, India, where nearby soil, rich in thorium minerals, so increases the intensity of background radiation that as much as 84 rads may be absorbed in 30 years.	A discussion of   work with fruit flies and induced mutations is also included.	Genetic death is discussed in detail, as are examples of how genetic   loads are changed subsequent to radiation exposure.	If radiation kills the mechanism of division in only some of these cells, it is possible that those that remain reasonably intact can divide and eventually replace or do the work of those that can no longer divide.	The heterozygote therefore experiences a positive advantage if he lives in a region where the incidence of certain kinds of malaria is high.	See paragraph 1.C below.	In 1895, X rays were discovered and since then have become increasingly useful in medical diagnosis and therapy and in industry.	Some geneticists have recommended that the average total exposure of human beings in the first 30 years of life be set at 10 rads.	In fact, it dropped even more drastically than was the case in the male mouse.	Once we have decided what might be safe on the basis of _Drosophila_ studies, we ought then to tighten precautions several notches by remembering that we are very likely more vulnerable than fruit flies are.	An atom fragment carrying an electric charge is called an _ion_.	Note also that the 10-rad figure is an _average_ maximum.	_The Nature of Radioactive Fallout and Its Effects on Man_, Hearings   before the Special Subcommittee on Radiation of the Joint Committee on   Atomic Energy, Congress of the United States, 85th Congress, 1st   Session, U. S. Government Printing Office, 1957, Volume I, 1008 pp.,   $3.75; Volume II, 1057 pp., $3.50.	This energy is absorbed by living tissue and converted into heat.	_The Effects of Nuclear Weapons_, Samuel Glasstone (Ed.	The argument runs that a higher mutation rate might broaden the gene pool and make it more flexible, thus speeding up the course of evolution and hastening the advent of “supermen”—brainier, stronger, healthier than we ourselves are.