In short, the proton-neutron theory of nuclear structure could explain all the observed facts just as well as the proton-electron theory, and could explain the nuclear spins, which the proton-electron theory could not.	To the end of his days (he died in 1937) he maintained that it would be forever impossible to tap the energy of the nucleus for use by man.	(An electron is so light that in comparison with the nucleus, we can ignore its mass.)	As particle accelerators grew larger, more efficient, and more powerful, they became ever more useful in studying the structure of the nucleus and the nature of the subatomic particles themselves.	If the particle spun in one direction it was +½, if in the other it was -½.	Quantum theory has shown that a natural unit exists for what is called the angular momentum of this spin.	The result was to combine part of the alpha particle with the aluminum-27 nucleus to form a new nucleus with an atomic number two units higher—15—and a mass number three units higher—30.	This was an example of “artificial radioactivity”.	Once Rutherford worked out the nuclear structure of the atom, it seemed clear that the positive rays were atomic nuclei from which a number of electrons had been knocked away.	All the particles and rays that can leave a detectable track of ions behind are called “ionizing radiation” and these are easy to detect.	In vanadium-51, the nucleus contains 23 protons and 28 neutrons, five more than an equal amount.	For instance, suppose the helium nucleus is made up of 4 protons and 2 electrons, as was thought in the 1920s.	They did not serve, however, to bring the dream of useful nuclear energy any closer.	In the case of certain nuclei, however, they do break up.	Protons in Nuclei Let us, nevertheless, go on to describe some of the progress made in the 1920s in terms of the proton-electron theory that was then accepted.	By the new theory, can we suppose that it is neutrons rather than electrons that somehow hold the protons together against their mutual repulsion, and that more and more neutrons are required to do this as the nucleus grows more massive?	Such a proton-electron combination would be electrically neutral and in 1921 the American chemist William Draper Harkins (1873-1951) used the term “neutron” as a name for it.	The proton veers off, but the neutron, unaffected, keeps right on going and, with all the energy it had gained as part of the deuteron acceleration, smashes into the nucleus.	In 1907 J. J. Thomson called them “positive rays”.	In that case the nuclear spin would be 3, either in one direction or the other.	The thorium-234 nucleus (90 protons, 144 neutrons) becomes a protactinium-234 nucleus (91 protons, 143 neutrons).	In the long run, uranium-238, having gone through many changes, becomes lead-206.	He gets the credit for the discovery of the neutron.	The proton-electron theory of nuclear structure also seemed to account neatly for many of the facts of radioactivity.	[Illustration: _C.	Even more elaborate changes can be taken into account.	The nuclear spin of the common isotope, nitrogen-14, was measured accurately over and over again and turned out to be 1.	The alpha particle is a helium nucleus made up of 2 protons and 2 neutrons.	Dozens of positively charged particles squeezed into the tiny volume of an atomic nucleus couldn’t possibly remain together for more than a tiny fraction of a second.	The structure would now account for the nuclear spin.	Bothe and Becker, therefore, decided they had produced gamma rays and reported this.	In each case the atomic number is 8.	Chadwick managed to work out the mass of the neutron from his experiments and by 1934 it was quite clear that the neutron was more massive than the proton.	A beta particle is an electron and if a nucleus loses an electron, its mass number is almost unchanged.	To get hydrogen-sparkling out of the bombardment of nitrogen, Rutherford felt, he must have knocked protons out of the nitrogen nuclei.	The Proton-Electron Theory What about the nuclei of elements other than hydrogen?	[Illustration: _Walther W. G. Bothe_] To try to determine something about the properties of this radiation, Bothe and Becker tried putting objects in the way of the radiation.	Eventually, physicists began to speak of “nuclear cross sections” and to say that particular nuclei had a cross section of such and such a size for this bombarding particle or that.	That is why atomic nuclei have to be so small; it is only when they are so tiny that the nuclear interaction can hold them together.	These consisted of speeding atomic nuclei (“cosmic particles”) of enormous energies—in some cases, billions of times as intense as any energies available through particles produced by mankind.	As many as 83 positive charges were to be found (in the bismuth-209 nucleus) squeezed together and yet not breaking apart.	In the case of the electromagnetic interaction, the exchange particles seemed to be “photons”, wave packets that made up gamma rays, X rays, or even ordinary light (all of which are examples of “electromagnetic radiation”).	The sum will always include a fraction.	When subatomic particles came together to form an atomic nucleus, each kept its original spin, and the nuclear spin was then equal to the total angular momentum of the individual particles that made it up.	Anderson’s particle was called a “mu-meson”, soon abbreviated to “muon”.	The helium nucleus, which had a mass four times as great as that of hydrogen, might be made up of 4 protons; the oxygen nucleus with a mass number of 16 might be made up of 16 protons and so on.	Of the 4 protons, suppose that two had a spin of +½ and two of -½.	(The presence of electrons would add some mass but in order to simplify matters, let us ignore that.)	The proton-neutron theory was therefore accepted and remains accepted to this day.	(In 1969, there were reports that gravitons had actually been detected.)	Protons were only one-fourth as massive as alpha particles and the collision might be correspondingly less effective; on the other hand, protons had only half the positive charge of alpha particles and would not be as strongly repelled by the nuclei.	The influence of the nucleus in capturing the neutron was greater the slower the neutron, so that it was almost as though the nucleus were larger and easier to hit for a slow neutron than a fast one.	Consider the 3 oxygen isotopes, oxygen-16, oxygen-17, and oxygen-18.	The helium nucleus would then have a mass number of 4 and an electric charge (atomic number) of 4 - 2, or 2.	Could it be that something was cancelling part of the positive electric charge?	Their device, called an “electrostatic accelerator”, produced protons that were sufficiently energetic to initiate nuclear reactions.	They detected some sort of radiation because something was creating certain effects while the alpha particles were bombarding the beryllium but not after the bombardment ceased.	Suppose a nucleus gives off an alpha particle.	Combine that with the smaller repulsion involved and the greater ease of obtaining protons—and the weight of convenience and usefulness would swing far in the direction of the proton.	Was it possible that an electron and a proton, forced into the close confinement of the atomic nucleus might, by the force of mutual attraction, become so intimately connected as to count as a single particle.	First, it is well known that similar charges repel each other and that the repulsion is stronger the closer together the similar charges are forced.	For more and more massive nuclei, the positive charge grew higher and the repulsion stronger until for elements beyond potassium, no collision could be forced, even with the most energetic naturally occurring alpha particles.	Under some conditions, these “exchange particles” moving back and forth very rapidly between 2 bodies might force those bodies apart; under other conditions they might pull those bodies together.	Suppose a beta particle is emitted.	It seemed reasonable, then, to suppose that a nucleus would contain about half as many electrons in addition to the protons.	An alpha particle strikes a nucleus only if, by chance, they come together.	The hydrogen-1 nucleus was made up of a single proton, but all nuclei containing more than 1 proton had to contain neutrons also to be stable, and only certain numbers of neutrons.	All the other elements had nuclei more massive than that of hydrogen and the natural first guess was that these were made up of some appropriate number of protons closely packed together.	The neutron was completely indifferent to the electromagnetic attraction and it just moved along in a straight line.	The smallest nucleus found was that produced by knocking the single electron off a hydrogen atom in one way or another.	Other types of particle accelerators were also being developed at this time.	If we look at the nitrogen-14 nucleus in this way then it is made up, not of 14 protons and 7 electrons, but of 7 protons and 7 proton-electron combinations.	In the absence of electrons, what kept the protons clinging together?	The gravitational interaction would be the result of exchange particles called “gravitons”.	No instrument known to the chemists of the 19th century could have detected so tiny a loss of mass in such a large total.	What was to be done?	The only form of radiation that was known at that time to come out of bombarded matter with the capacity of penetrating a thick layer of lead was gamma rays.	However, Aston and his mass spectrometer kept measuring the mass of different nuclei more and more closely during the 1920s and found that they differed very slightly from whole numbers.	When he bombarded hydrogen, the alpha particles struck hydrogen nuclei (protons) and shot them forward.	No wonder, then, that from Lavoisier on, scientists thought that the law of conservation of mass held exactly.	The beginnings of the new path came about through the reluctant realization that there was a flaw in the apparently firmly grounded proton-electron picture of nuclear structure.	This guess, however, ran into immediate difficulties.	Every single one of them proved to be radioactive.