Len lit one for himself.	To prove that if there's bad blood in the family, it exists only in me."	There was only one answer--hyperspace.	She owes you nothing; she owes me everything.	No point protesting further, he knew; he was on her world, in her power.	The boy looked frightened.	He made helpful suggestions, such as maybe Mattern ought to fix himself up a little before going back for Lyddy.	After all, how long would it take for you to get together a sufficient sum at that rate?"	"You have come so far," they said, "and time is a precious and a dangerous commodity.	"I thought perhaps with the deepening of your interests--" "They have only made me love her the more profoundly."	He would have worlds to lay at Lyddy's feet now, he thought complacently.	And he shut his ears and his mind, because he was afraid.	"If she wants a crystal tower, I will have one built for her.	"You just imagined it."	the kqyres queried.	If he had not known that she was the mbretersha, he would have fancied that hers had been one of the minds that had spoken to him, the most persuasive of the cajoling creatures that had sung him their siren songs as he flashed transitorily through their universe.	As usual.	She was right, he thought--being given too much can be worse than being given too little.	"I wanted--I wanted to bring you to justice."	Mattern asked self-mockingly.	But first I will ask her."	"You'll take good care of me, won't you, hon?"	It had been done before, but not very often, and not very recently.	She turned to look at him.	However, it had been done, so it was possible to do.	We needed you, and in order to induce you to accept our terms, we had to establish some goal, some ideal for you to aim at."	If we leave them alone, they don't bother us."	He is my father, so he is fitted by birth; his system is also attuned to the planet's, although not as sensitively as mine, since he is a male.	If you don't pull in at least three times the amount you got before, as just your share, my half of the ship reverts to you.	"She'd take a fit!"	They could have forced him out, but they were kind--or perhaps only wise.	Instead, he was rich and oblivious, not needing anything the younger man could give him.	_But they all do the same things._ But he couldn't keep her out of his mind.	"Haven't you any relatives at all?"	Mattern got up and put out his hand and, after a little hesitation, Alard took it.	"You don't know what it's like to grow up with nobody caring for you!"	You cannot expect a lady to live permanently on a spaceship."	We work together for a year.	Mattern frowned.	One of the barren women must have adopted him and brought him up as her own.	"Not a berth, Pop," Mattern told him.	That was only fair--she's your creation."	The old man's pale green eyes protruded even further from his head.	Schiemann grinned.	The kqyres flickered so violently that Mattern's eyes hurt.	Not even an ordinary woman of the planets could love him, let alone a love goddess.	Len repeated.	"I've heard tell that--things change their shapes in Hyperspace."	"I recognize your voice.	"I mean we play it in our universe!"	"Why should I do you a favor?"	I came to realize that the post of kqyres was more difficult than that of queen.	I am aware of my obligation to my world--but it is not a pleasant prospect to spend one's last years in exile, however honorable."	He set foot on the dark polished surface of Ferr.	Alard flashed.	Somehow the kqyres made Len feel stupid, _uncouth_ almost, even though he was the human being and the other nothing but hyperextraterrestrial.	He had not conceived of their immensity before.	"Oh, that was a mere pleasantry!"	"They are a very wise people," Mattern said.	But the hold is a psychological one; that's the only thing that could carry over from universe to universe.	"Oh, I don't hate you any more," Alard assured him.	It had been rich only because it had previously engaged in sub-rosa commerce with Mattern's universe.	They had to be awake to tend the ship.	There were plenty of illegal ways of making money within the framework of normspace activities.	Still, spacemen were notorious myth-spinners.	I mean there's nothing here for fellows like me; the pleasure's for the rich people only.	You have no organization, no system, no imagination.	He might have to send for someone from Earth, which would take months, perhaps a year.	So that was why the men had been drugged.	She came that expensive.	Len waited tensely, not knowing whether he did want the job or not.	"You saw nobody--nothing at the portholes," he told Mattern after that first Jump.	Mattern's hand went to his pocket, then fell to his side as he saw the look on the boy's face.	She saw that an explanation was necessary.	"Would you like to?"	Things worth having are worth waiting for."	That wasn't quite true, from what the xhindi had told him, but near enough.	Then they began naming the things a man could want--and they certainly seemed to have a full knowledge of humanity and its most secret desires.	"Look, Lennie, I don't make out I'm a saint.	"You do lack polish," the kqyres admitted, "although you are far less awkward, shall we say, than when we first met."	She'd been the only one he ever had, really--the brother had been nothing but a wailing blob of protoplasm--and then Schiemann, a little.	*       *       *       *       * It was then that the xhindi began to speak to him through the hull of the ship, urging him to come out.	Apprehension quickened inside Mattern.