*       *       *       *       * He leaned against a metal filing cabinet.	I won't tell you what they are, of course; you didn't tell me what I'd go through, did you?	"You want me," she stated.	I didn't want to wind up dead of starvation, no matter how much money she might have given me--but I didn't want to get shot, either.	It's a metal box, small enough to carry, that could supply this whole city with power to run its industries and light its homes and streets!"	"He was too old.	Then, panting, I fell into a soft chair that seemed to form itself around my body, and felt like kicking myself for the bloody idiot I was.	"An 18th Century motif, as you can see--updated knee breeches and shirt waists, a modified stock for the men, the daring low bodices of that era, the full skirts treated in a modern way by using sheer materials for the women, bright colors and sheens, buckled shoes of spun synthetics.	*       *       *       *       * When it was good and dark that evening, I stood on the corner and watched the lights in the brownstone house.	She ordered me to open a door on the fourth floor, and we were inside the room I'd seen from the fire escape.	Neither."	I didn't.	I rubbed my pipe disgruntledly against the side of my nose to oil it.	Daydreaming about visiting another age may be pleasant, but the reality is something else again.	It checked the spool, which rewound swiftly and silently, and stopped itself when the rewinding was finished.	Did you take a look at the condition the world is in lately?	I was more tired, hungry and scared than I'd ever believed a human being could get.	"What are you kicking about?	"Name, address, previous occupation, social security number?"	The control beam doesn't cover _area_; it covers _era_.	"So I can listen to delirious ravings, you mean."	Anything else on your mind?"	You might just as well not bother, but once in a while a coincidence makes you think you've done it.	"You've already seen that I can get all the money I want.	But no city ever had so much greenery.	They all stood up, so bright and attractive in their colorful clothes that I felt like a shirt-sleeved stage hand who'd wandered in on a costume play.	Naturally, everyone knew who you were, and so we were kept informed of your movements."	Other women might compulsively finish concealing themselves before snatching up the gun.	she asked.	I'm the one who'll get shot, not you!"	Even if there had been a restaurant, what would I have used for money?	That doesn't make it clear enough.	Not her.	She put the stack at the other edge of the table.	[Illustration] "And you use a rinse," I retorted.	When I showed him the $10 bill that was in it for him, he squashed down the gas pedal.	"No, but somebody is.	"Though I wouldn't call that part of it philanthropy.	Every part of it was featureless--no dials, switches or any unfamiliar counterparts.	"It can't be too soon.	The spool immediately began spinning at a very low speed and the screen on the wall opposite the window glowed into life.	"Of course.	He said he'd be glad to see me any time and gas about anything or help me with whatever might be bothering me, if he could, but not these cases any more.	"You shot me!"	She had sent old people back through time on errands like mine ... and they'd starved to death because they couldn't buy food!	I felt ashamed of myself.	I even tried moving my hands over it, figuring it might be like a theramin, and spoke to it in different shades of command, because it could have been built to respond to vocal orders.	I didn't try any more.	We intend to make sure of that.	He hauled $150 out of it and looked at me as if that was enough to buy and sell the bank.	He blurted through weeks, months, years--I don't know--of fear and despair.	Hadn't all the starvation cases been people without social security, references, either no friends and relatives or those they'd lost track of?	But what started them playing?	I intend to show you."	She looked along a row of shelves against one wall, searching the labels on the stacks of bundles there.	He was still grumbling when he helped me pick a chemist out of the telephone directory and went along to the lab with me.	"Sounds good.	They deal only with facts and every one of them will draw the same conclusions from a given set of circumstances.	I couldn't stand the long moments when the old man's chest stopped moving, the abrupt frantic gulps of air followed by no breath at all.	"I--didn't recognize your face and I thought--" "It's a big city," I said coldly.	If we tell you what you did, you might think of some alternate action, and there is no knowing what the result would be."	All I had to do was act as if I belonged to that time and place and who would know the difference?	When I was through, Carr pushed several buttons on the glowing menu.	I went on making deposits, mailing orders to her stock brokers, and putting down bets that couldn't miss because they were all past history.	"Because, as May Roberts herself told you, nothing can exist before it exists.	I didn't know any part of the city, how it was laid out, or where to get the data that May Roberts had sent me for.	You're not old."	I couldn't understand why until I came to a lavatory.	"So do the old people.	I walked out to the street, gaping at the entry in the bankbook he'd handed me.	She closed the mesh gate and pushed the switch as far as it would go.	I couldn't very well move you about through time unless it worked that way.	All the other estates eventually go to the State treasury, unclaimed."	To get back to his connection with you, however, he invented a time machine--unfortunately, its secret has since been lost and never re-discovered--and used it for anti-social purposes.	Lord, the uncertainties and hazards of being in a world you don't know anything about!	"What happened to _him_?"	I remembered thinking how Lou Pape would have felt if I had died of starvation with over $15,000, after borrowing from him all the time between jobs.	I don't believe in miracles."	I've already given you more money than you've ever had at one time in your life.	I didn't think.	I asked, jittering.	The envelopes were beginning to bulge and the deposits and accrued interest were something to watch grow.	Only--" "We'll discuss it later."