I am persuaded that no one can have an idea upon the subject, without disapproving of the wanderings of love.	A prince flatters himself in vain with a fine and secret policy, if his subjects are rendered unhappy by the rules he has prescribed for their conduct; whatever colour he may take to cover his actions, and make them appear just, if they are not so in effect, which the event proves, he expects in vain the approbation, the esteem and love of his subjects.	The _reformation_ made by Lucifer operates invisibly in the commerce of men; the demons and our passions are the causes of the disorder and injustice that prevail in society.	Lucifer, be the avenger of one half the world: punish the Spaniards.” Fernandez Cortes excused himself on the score of orders from the king, his master: he confessed that reason, humanity, and justice, spake by the mouth of Montezuma; but he observed, that the conquests of the Spaniards had instructed the Indians in the knowledge of the true God.	The senate recognized every thing I had done, when, after my death, they erected statues, and built me temples.	This troop having sat, there entered another composed of newsmongers, and people who followed them to learn what was transacted abroad in England, France, Holland, Italy, and other places.	This noise causing considerable confusion in the assembly, I saw coming upon me, a great number of the dead, armed in the same manner with Moreno; and as they pressed upon one another, each anxious to pass his neighbour, their bones made a very curious clicking.	I was greatly scandalized at such conduct, and my companion did nothing but laugh.	“‘How, my lord,’ said the tailor, ‘do you wish me to make two coats, when you have given me stuff but for one?’ “‘Yes; I do expect it,’ said the grandee; ‘and if you do not make them both sufficiently large, I will put you in a safe place.’ “The tailor, who feared the prison, made two garments as long and large as they ought to be, without purchasing another shred of cloth.	All the rest are men of letters, who, like ourselves, have excited the envy, and experienced the vengeance of the princes, Archons and Tyrants, of Athens; and it is now upon these tyrants we unitedly demand vengeance.” Then Denis, the tyrant, accompanied by some other princes, presented themselves and spoke in this manner:—“Of whom do these old dotards complain?	“I supplicate your sovereign majesty,” said I, “to do me justice on Diego Moreno, who has insulted me in this palace; striking me with his horns, knocking me down, and exciting against me the whole host of cuckolds.” “What defence do you make to this accusation, Moreno?” asked the queen.	I leave also to the reader, to make his own reflections upon the occupations of lovers, upon their desire of pleasure, upon their intrigues, upon their pains.	The young girl retired abashed; she had not imagined that any person could discover, under the exterior of such simplicity, what she had been guilty of, during her life; you see Lucifer has an exquisite nose.” “If he has,” said I, “the other senses in a similar perfection, he well merits the commandery of hell.” In the mean time, Lucifer, and the other lords, invited to his table, continued to eat with good appetite: besides the individuals of his council, there were a great number whom I heard designated by the names given to the gods of fable, such as Jupiter, Saturn, Apollo, Mercury: and to goddesses, such as Juno, Venus, Diana, Proserpina, and others; I should think there were at least fifty persons at table.	Contrary to my usual custom of retiring at an early hour, I sat up late, amusing myself and trifling with these ladies, which brought to my imagination, during sleep, the most delightful images.	It would of necessity be seen, how many surgeons and physicians follow in their train; and if any one should inquire why these people are in hell, who have rendered such universal service, I answer, because they ought not to afford assistance to every one.	These others, are heretics of the first ages, who are here for being reluctant to submit to legitimate authority.	Thy vineyard lies half prun’d, and half undress’d,     Quench, Corydon, thy long unanswered fire;     Mind what the common wants of life require.	To complain of our avarice is to accuse heaven; instead of which only the impenetrability of individuals should be reproached, who would rather see a great kingdom like Spain entirely overthrown, than advance a single real to repair the slightest breach.	one sweet line from your hand, shall re-assure and console me.	The demon transported me to Sicily and set me down upon the summit of a mountain covered with cinders yet hot, which he told me was Etna.	“Listen,” said Lucifer; “the favour of princes is like quick-silver, the motion of which cannot be arrested, and which flies the endeavour to restrain it.	“Mighty and wan princess,” replied he, “behold the man who caused me to pass in the world as a Vulcan, or a faun: I have always lived pleasantly with my wife, never objecting to the French method, of receiving at her house priests, soldiers, lawyers, politicians, merchants, and strangers of every country.	The lords drank of all, and Jupiter partook so freely of tobacco and brandy, that he became quite elevated: he began to sing a song in the Greek language, the substance of which was: “What a charming spectacle for the mighty Lucifer!	I was informed of the intrigue, which I suspected before having received positive advice.	When they called Judas, Herod, and Pilate, their crimes were so glaring, that they could neither defend themselves, nor would any angel speak in their favour; and they were accordingly condemned.	The courtiers imagined that they enjoyed the agitations of the ring, or of a carousal.	Such was his pride, that if I dared to contradict him in the least thing, he reared up like an unruly horse: my bounty had rendered him so powerful, that he was in fact Alexander, and I was but Clytus.	“Who are these people?” inquired I of the demon.	Why do not the wicked and strong dominate, the one over the weak, and the other take away their goods?	It is now six years since the farm-house of their master was consumed with fire: they ought to be punished for these crimes.—As to those young ladies, they would do well not to admit, for the future, the two strangers, whom they entertain every evening in their chambers, and whom they introduce by the garden.	Affairs of business are conducted on the same principle, as those of love.	“Peace, there!” commanded the officer of the chamber, who was called _Silence_.	The mass was so great, that it seemed as if it would choke the fire of hell.	will you not be undeceived?	These last, read in a corner of the chamber the finest passages of their compositions.	ON the fourth day of January, I had passed the evening in the company of some beautiful and amiable young ladies.	Directly I perceived, at a distance, an immense castle, built in the antique style; and when I had drawn near, I observed that the materials were nothing but bones cemented with blood and apothecaries’ drugs.	follow me, and leave behind thy garment; for a person is not to be clothed when he follows Death.	you must be chained up; come, obey; extend your hands and legs.” “I shall do neither the one nor the other,” said the contractor; “you are not here our master; I will call the financial council together; and I am going this instant to denounce you to the grand inquisition, because you resist paying tribute to the king of Spain.” “I laugh at your inquisition,” said the demon, “and to be beforehand with you, I will denounce you to the prince of devils himself: come, quick, obey; extend your hands and legs.” The contractor found himself loaded with irons, in spite of his remonstrances: the devil then went into the apartment of the inquisitors to subject them to the same treatment, and afterwards returned to accompany me to the gate, as I had requested.	We command our demons, and principally Asmodeus, the demon of marriage, to bear in hand the execution of the present ordinance.	Death spake for some time upon the limits of life, and of the grandeur of her empire: she finished her discourse by observing that there was but one way of coming into existence, but many ways of quitting it.	And of whom can you complain, you who accelerated your own death?	Thus perished an usurping, traitorous, insolent and unworthy favourite.	Contemplate our portraits: I was his favourite, and I have always seen him as ambitious of distinction in wickedness as he was for honourable action: but as a foundation to my complaints against him, I ought to state, that this prince, elevated by his flatterers to a place among the gods, was accustomed to speak without respect of Philip his father.	who had they for spectators when they were alone in the world?” “No, it is not the comedy which damns the players; it is what passes behind the scenes.” In the following chamber were the physicians and their suit: they composed poisons for themselves; they took the doses when prepared; they bled and purged themselves, and tried every dangerous and disagreeable remedy in medicine, surgery, and chemistry, to procure death to themselves, and could not succeed.	In this hall stood a throne composed of dead men’s bones, and which appeared like ivory: four leg bones formed the supporters; two arms, with their hands, the arms of the seat; a spinal bone, with those of the thighs, composed the back part; the two pommels above were two sculls, and the seat was of other bones.	“It was I,” answered Moreno.	She answered ingenuously to these questions, that having been married by policy and force, to prince Menelaus, she had acquainted him that she did not love him.	Christian humility flies the eulogies of men: their praise seems a dangerous enemy, which, in flattering, withdraws the heart from the right way; it refuses the recompense due to merit, and contents itself with affording that good example, which the honour of virtue and religion demand; all which, Jupiter, in a homily to the fanatics, set forth at large.	The under part of their table and its immediate neighbourhood, they call the _street_; and here they cast the superfluous stuffs: so when this master cheat asserted, he had never stolen more than might have been contained in his eye, or that he threw into the street the waste pieces of cloth, or stuff, it was equivalent to saying, that, he had never taken more than might be put into his drawer, or beneath his table.	and with what can they reproach me?	The others represented an ecclesiastic, who, dying in his bed, has, in his last moments, the satisfaction of seeing his house pillaged; a courier riding from Madrid to Rome, to solicit a benefice; a tiler falling from the roof of a house; a drunken sailor precipitating himself from his vessel into the sea; a house burning with such rapidity, that its master is consumed in the flames; in fine, one might there perceive every species of human death.	These are liars, for truly religious souls shun ostentation: true devotion is so considerate, that those who possess it endeavour to conceal it, to avoid being elevated in the opinion of the world.	At last they agreed upon the thousand crowns, upon condition that the seller, who was a steward, should give to the purchaser the titles to the rents of certain farms, without the knowledge of his lord, and upon which event the purchaser was also to give a feast.	Natural right, which bestows every thing that hath no owner, was it upon the side of the king of Spain, or on mine, who had received the kingdom of Mexico, as an inheritance from my fathers?	“What do you desire,” said Lucifer, “that I should do to the Spaniards?” “I do not demand,” said the prince, “to be reinstated in my dominions; some day, perhaps, one of my descendants, or some generous Indian, will deliver my country from the Spanish yoke; I wish only that the Indians who were killed in the conquest of Mexico, should have the liberty to roast upon spits, and eat their cruel enemies; and in this manner my nation shall be sufficiently revenged.” “We accord to Montezuma,” said Lucifer, “the Spaniards who conquered Mexico, with the exception of the tailors, whom we reserve for our own table.” After that came an abbot, who took the title of ten abbeys, besides priories, and eighteen cures.	Such an one shall command to-day, and be covered in the king’s presence, who a year since drove a chariot, or stood behind a carriage.	We first entered into a spacious court, where the devils were scourging the unhappy, who cried, “pardon, pardon, my God!	That done, the archangel Michael, came and placed himself at the foot of the throne, upon which the judge was seated, having in his hand a naked sword, and beneath his feet a prostrate devil, as he is represented in churches, and called the auditors each by his name.	“Signor,” answered the tailor, “I engage to give you a suit every year, gratis; for it is doubtless for lack of tailors, that you angels go always naked.”  “Without dispute;” replied the angel, “for there is not a single tailor in heaven.”  “Very well,” resumed the tailor; “I go then in person, to defend myself and brethren.	Resolve me, I pray you, one of your prophecies now in my mind:—     “‘The sign of Aries shall the world command;     Taurus shall rule the waves and solid land;     Mother and sire the virgin shall deceive,     The mother’s breasts the tender twins shall leave.’” “That,” said the astrologer, “is as clear as the light of day; and signifies, that married men shall frequently resemble rams: the love of woman, represented by the bull, shall mingle itself with affairs of every kind; the daughter divert herself spite of the advice of her father, and the sons laugh at maternal expostulation.” “And this, what is its signification?” demanded I:—     “‘Mothers soon shall children bear,     Who to name no sire shall dare;     None of all the babes they bear,     E’er shall lack a father’s care.’” “That is equally easy of explanation.	Horace chafed that he was not admitted into the contest, and Martial revenged himself upon them by a piquant epigram.	“Under the pretext of the liberty of our common country,” continued he, “Brutus and Cassius, to gratify their ambition, assassinated me in the midst of the senate, their enmity was not directed against the empire and monarchy, which were, on the contrary, the object of their desires; but they hated the emperor, who had magnified the Roman power, and extended its dominion both north and east.	There is hardly a person who speaks as he thinks; one never sees the intention of the actor; honesty and knavery have often an air of resemblance; truth and hypocrisy appear like sisters of the same father; civility and curiosity assume the same colours; friendship and interest are with difficulty distinguished.	“These,” observed the devil, “are people, that have come to hell without thinking about it, without fear, and without believing it.” “They were then honest in their faith; but why punish those guilty only through ignorance?” The devil replied, “they ought to think upon the matter, to instruct themselves, and be persuaded that hell is no place for mercy—so much the worse for them.” I passed from thence into a great chamber, where there were many men gaming, who swore and blasphemed because they had lost a little money, or played a bad card.	“Am I permitted to be as stoical as you are?” said Menelaus.	The people of letters deceive themselves if they believe that princes and the public ought to enrich them for vain and useless sciences.	Given in hell, at the grand audience hall, to be signified to whom it may concern.—Signed, _Lucifer_, king of hell: and countersigned by my lord, the devil _Patiras_.” “Signor,” said Cleopatra, “this edict cannot prejudice my rights against Augustus, emperor of the Romans: his ambition prompted him to attach to his triumphal car the queen of the Egyptians: to save myself from this shame, I laid violent hands upon myself.	These waters fell upon people underneath, who began to call for help, thinking a river of melted sulphur and pitch fell upon them.	“Because,” said I to him, “I am not a tailor, a rogue, a thief, neither a cabbager of stuff nor money; I am here with my companion, Curiosity, to inspect the beauties and antiquities of this country.” “You are a liar,” replied the general; “you are one of my subjects; I know you by your strait-cut dress, which, without doubt, you have made out of the clippings of some other; come, obey; cast yourself into the fire, or I will throw you in.” As he was about to bind me, my demon informed the general that I was not yet dead; that I had never been of any trade, and that he believed I should not be one of their subjects, because those who descended quick into hell, conducted themselves afterwards in such a manner, as not to revisit it after death; furthermore, the cross of Saint James, (which I carried,) would inspire fear, and cause false alarms in the bosoms of the damned.	She was tall and well proportioned: her features were regular, and her whole appearance so seducing, that her name seemed to answer her description exactly.	DECREE OF LUCIFER.	At the theatre we saw comedies about equivalent to our tragedies; and, in fact, of so close a resemblance, that one might almost fancy them the same.	THE REFORMATION OF HELL.	Ovid and Virgil there disputed the throne.	We entered immediately into the apartment of the girls, which was separate from that of the women who have arrived at maturity.	Justice does the same in another sense, for she meets with exactness in the slightest circumstance: she is faithful in the least things; she is laborious, and fears no pain; she is submissive to the laws which she imposes; she is complaisant for herself, and even sometimes appears unjust, so impartial and rigorous is she.” “I suppose then,” said I, “there are many judges in hell, if what you say is correct, which seems to me very probable.” “Yes,” replied the demon, “they are there in great numbers, and we have put them in the same place with thieves and robbers.	There advanced then a man of a pleasant countenance, in a Greek habit, and followed by other persons clothed in the same manner.	Why do you submit to the slavery of flying from death, and the fear thereof?	O, rage!	The rocks were full of little crevices, from whence issued vapours and sulphurous exhalations, and sometimes slight gusts of wind.	“What hindered you from stabbing Tarquin as he approached you?” “He was the stronger party, and would have killed me.” “Was he alone?” “Yes.” “Was there ever seen a man, who could, unassisted, force a woman to the gratification of his lust?	The magnificence of the tapestry, which represented the fabulous metamorphoses, corresponded with the style of the edifice: at the extremity was a throne of ivory, silver, and gold, under a canopy enriched with pearls and precious stones.