If there were no attorneys, there would be no suits; if no suits, no cheats, no serjeants; no catchpoles, no prisons; if no prisons, no judges; no judges, no passion; no passion, no bribery or subornation.	This minded me of the old saying, “Tell me thy company, and I’ll tell thee thy manners;” and to save the credit of my education, I put myself into the noble mode, and jogged on.	The inhabitants are neither Moors nor Christians, as appears by a Venetian captain, in a combat against a Christian enemy: ‘Stand to’t my masters,’ says he, ‘ye were Venetians before ye were Christians.’ “Enough, enough of this,” cried the necromancer, “and tell me, how stand the people affected?	‘Come here ye damned jade,’ cries another.	He there in the mortar is that Anaxarchus that was pounded to death by command of Nicocreon.	my masters, cannot a poor wretch be quiet in his grave for ye?	“Nay then,” says he, “here is the forerunner of ill-luck.	With that one of the gang, that was wretchedly thin and pale, and raised upon a pair of heels that made her legs longer than her body, told Lucifer, with great respect, that at their first coming they were as sad as it was possible for a company of damned old jades to be.	It was boiling upon a quick fire, and the flesh by little and little began to piece again, and made first an arm, then a thigh, after that a leg; and at last there was an entire body, that raised itself upright in the bottle.	This now was the ground of our quarrel.	Pompey is forsaken, and persecuted by the Gods; Cæsar upon the heels of him, with victory and success.	It was a strange thing, that scarce anybody so much as dreamt of hell, all the way we went; and yet everybody knew where they were, as soon as they came there; and cried out with one voice, “Miserable creatures!	I could not imagine why these, of all others, should be expelled the place, and asked the question.	But who was his adviser, I pray ’e, in this butcherly proceeding against me?	“Yes, yes,” they cried, “you can go to the park with this lady, and to a play with that lady, and to Banstead with t’other lady, and spend whole nights at beste or ombre with my Lady Pen-Tweezel; but by my troth, I think you are ashamed to be seen in my company.”  Some I saw upon the very point of sealing and delivering.	What have ye to say now, either against my prophecy or my argument?	“Yes, yes,” cried a devil, “less of her chapel, and more of her virtue, would have done well.”  There was a notable whipster, among the rest, that confessed the devil had reason.	Their tongues were tied up to a perpetual silence; their souls drooping, and their ears condemned to hear eternally the hideous cries and reproaches of a wheezing devil, greeting them after this manner.	If you would know anything further of the house, never ask me, for ’tis forty to one I shall tell you a lie; I have not told you half the truth even of myself; and to deal plainly with you, I am made up of inventions, artifice, and imposture: but the good old man that walks there, is the Major Domo, and will tell you all, if you will but bear with his slow way of discourse.” Thereupon I went to the good man, whom I knew presently to be Time, and desired him to let me look into the several quarters and lodgings of the house, for there were some fools of my acquaintance there I’d fain visit; he told me that he was at present so busy about making of caudles, cock-broths, and jellies for his patients, that he could not stir; but yet he directed me where I might find all those I inquired for, and gave me the freedom of the house to walk at pleasure.	I must confess took occasion, now and then, to handle my pulse, and see whether the diamond were of the right black water, or no.	“But before I fall to pieces again, as you saw me e’en now (for better so than worse) I beseech ye, one word more, and it shall be my last.	The cavaliers and good fellows believed they had been going to a horserace, or a hunting-match.	Whenever I should come to fall, I was sure to be forsaken both of good and bad; and therefore I shunned the better sort, as those that would only serve to accuse me; but the lewd and vicious I frequented, to increase the number of my complices, and make my party the stronger.	This is more your courtesy than my desert; and I have an obligation to you for your kindness.’  After this manner these asses knab and curry one another, and play the fools by turns.” The old man had his words yet between his teeth, when there passed just by us a lady of pleasure, of so excellent a shape and garb, that it was impossible to see her without a passion for her, and no less impossible to look upon anything else, so long as she was to be seen.	On the one hand, I was entertained with the murmurs of crystal rivulets; on the other, with the whispering of the trees; the birds singing all the while either in emulation, or requital of the other harmonies.	You are not to expect they should bestow much upon works of charity; for if nothing went that way while you were living, they’ll live after your example when you are dead.	He sold his wife’s portion, wife and all, to please his companions; and turned both into an annuity.	And for my last argument against these creatures; the goats and reprobates stand upon the left hand, and left-handed men are, in effect, a sort of creature that’s made to do mischief; nay whether I should call them men, or no, I know not.	And we have so many here already, I do not know where we shall ’stow them.	So soon as he had done.	No; but on the contrary, they confirmed it; and did more mischief, in taking away my life than I did in dissolving their republic.	I was well enough pleased to see him, and to be better informed; for I had ever fancied him to be a kind of an olive-coloured, tawny-complexioned fellow, without a beard; and an Eunuch into the bargain: which perhaps (nay probably) he was; for nothing but a capon, a thing unmanned, could ever have been guilty of so sordid and treacherous a villainy, as to sell and betray his Master, with a kiss; and after that, so cowardly, as to hang himself in despair, when he had done.	Oh blessed woman!	“Do ye complain,” says he, “of sudden death?	One has the coachman’s nose, another the gentleman-usher’s legs, a third a cousin-german’s eyes.	They followed him with cries of, “Justice, justice,” and forced him on toward the judgment-seat, where they arrived in the end with much ado.	Can ye say that I ever put an oath to a lie?	Why do ye not ask for peace of conscience?	Pray’e tell me now, what price bears honour and honesty in the world?”  “There’s much to be said,” quoth I, “upon that point; but in brief, there was never more of it in talk, nor less in effect.	In fine, the word was given, Silence.	Wretched republic!	While this passed, I heard, methought, upon my left hand a paddling in the water, as if one had been swimming: and what should this be, but a judge in the middle of a river washing and rinsing his hands, over and over.	As if human blood were not all of a colour; as if nature had not brought them into the world the common way, or moulded them of the same materials with the meanest wretches upon the earth.	I asked what quarter this was; and they told me it was the quarter of the Oh that I had’s!	And beside I never loved my people well enough to afford them the pleasure, either of the grape or the spare-rib.	For writing what we do not think;     Merely to make the verse cry clink.	Trust to her, and she’ll not deceive ye.	“Reprobated and besotted villains that ye are!	It was neither perfectly man nor perfectly woman, but had indeed a resemblance of both.	To say the truth, all things are now topsy-turvy.	There was also the unknown author of _Clavicula Solomonis_, and _The Hundred Kings of Spirits_, with the composer of the book, _Adversus Omnia pericula Mundi_; Taysnerus too, with his book of _Physiognomy_ and _Chiromancy_; and he was doubly punished, first for the fool he was, and then for those he had made.	To come to the point, most mighty Lucifer, we are all of us dealers in politics, great writers and deep-read men in the maxims of State and Government.	Some were taking the round of their ladies’ lodgings, at midnight, and went to bed again as wise as they rose.	I saw a great many other sorts of lovers too, that were brought, in all appearance, to their last agonies, but by the singular miracle of self-interest recovered to the tune of     Will, if looking well won’t move her,     Looking ill prevail?	It is not pay, or pillage, but Virtue that’s a brave man’s recompense.	There was another sort of elevated, and conceited lovers; and these forsooth were not to be satisfied without the seven liberal sciences, and the four cardinal virtues, in the shape of a woman; and their case was desperate.	And, for an instance, I’ll show ye what this impertinent chronicler says of myself.	Some again desired they would remember them in their prayers; which was just as much as if they had commended themselves to the devil by a third person.	I thought the women had died, when they came to be gouvernantes, and that for the punishment of a wicked world, the gouvernantes had been immortal.	These went apart, and were looked upon to be neither fish nor flesh nor good red-herring.	“My name,” quoth she, for now it proved to be a woman, “is Jealousy, and methinks, you and I should be better acquainted, for how came you here else?	‘I’m not so near akin,’ says one, ‘but I might have been spared; and I had twenty other things to do.’  Another should have met company at a tavern; a third, at a play.	Never was man freer from jealousy, or more careful to step aside at the time of visit: for I was ever against the spoiling of sport, when I could make none myself.	Where’s our sovereignty?	a lay-elder?	for I confess I have not the honour either to know or to understand ye.”  “I am,” quoth he, “the unfortunate Tony, that has been in his grave now this many a fair year, and yet your wise worships forsooth have not wit enough to make yourselves and your company merry, but Tony must still be one-half of your entertainment and discourse.	And then a devil in office took up the discourse.	“It is very well,” says he, “for a prince’s favourite or tutor to be wiser than his master; but let him manage that advantage then with respect, and not like a rash and insolent fool make proclamation presently to the world, that he’s the wiser of the two.	Who’s King of Spain now?”  “You know,” said I, “that Philip the 3rd is dead.” “Right,” quoth he, “a prince of incomparable piety, and virtue (or my stars deceive me).”  “After him,” said I, “came Philip the 4th.”  “If it be so,” quoth he, “break, break my bottle immediately, and help me out; for I am resolved to try my fortune in the world once again, under the reign of that glorious prince.”  And with that word, he dashed the glass to pieces against a rock, crept out of his case and away he ran.	Others were powdering and curling their false locks, or fastening their new ivory teeth in the place of their old ebony ones.	He was so long a telling his name and titles that one of the devils burst out a laughing in the middle of his pedigree, and demanded What he would be at.	I am abused, I am choused; what’s the meaning of all this?	Leave your bawling, ye whelps,” says he, “and know, that the pain you endure is nothing to that of your tormentors.	To speak freely, ’tis an odd kind of common-wealth.	His answer was that there was no stopping there, till they came to their journey’s end.	So that there’s not the least thought of a public good in the catchpole’s action; but merely a prosecution of his own profit, and a spite to see himself choused.	Answer was made, that they were a company of brutish sots, so absolutely delivered up to vice, that they were damned insensibly, and in hell before they were aware.	Gaming ordinaries are called academies; and bawdy-houses, places of entertainment.	What damned blasphemies and imprecations do they make use of, to get credit with a mistress or a creditor, upon a faithless promise!	“Look ye,” says he, stretching out his arm, “here are my letters.”  The company wondered at the humour, and asked the porter what he was; which he himself overhearing, “I am,” quoth he, “a master of the noble science of defence;” and, plucking out several sealed parchments, “These,” said he, “are the attestations of my exploits.”  At which word, all his testimonials fell out of his hand, and a couple of devils would fain have whipped them up, to have brought them in evidence against him at his trial; but the fencer was too nimble for them, and took them up himself.	When they bring me into quarrels and brawls, I am called forsooth, a certain person; in their intrigues, I know not who; and in the pulpit, a certain author; and all this, to make a mystery of my name, and lay all their fooleries at my door.	To give them their due, these are your only true and chemical philosophers; and worth a thousand of Raymund Lullius, Hermes, Geber, Ruspicella, Avicen, and their fellows; ’tis true, they have written fine things of the transmutation of metals; but did they ever make any gold?	Some were singing and laughing, others tickling one another and toying; some again, at their cheese-cakes and China oranges, or appointing a set at cards: so that taking all together, I durst have sworn I had been at the park.