Her own hand trembled a little.	he all but whispered.	He might have known Totrasmek would know when anyone entered the temple.	In girth and breadth he was enormous, with huge limbs on which the great muscles swelled and rippled at each slightest movement.	Curse Totrasmek, the hybrid snake--ahhh!'	To enter the corridor would undoubtedly be to walk into whatever trap the priest had set for him.	'So maidens danced in the sacrifice to Hanuman centuries ago--but never with such beauty and suppleness.	And as he glared in amazement, it began to rotate with growing speed.	The negroes seized me and brought me to this--_what was that?_' Conan had already moved.	With a curse Conan struck off his head; and the head soared from the ground and snapped beast-like tusks into his throat.	The great bronze doors stood wide open as they had stood for centuries.	Here is a sack of gold.'	begged the girl, almost hysterical again.	The Turanians could not save us.'	And like the stroke of twin cobras, the great hands closed on Conan's throat.	'Don't kill him!'	Whatever business arrangement she made with Conan would have no bearing on her relationship with Alafdhal.	'We can't stay here.	Now they could understand the gutturals of the black men.	Only a dancer of Zamboula could have lived in that grisly square.	'Lying in wait, beneath a dark arch--black men, like great, hulking apes!	And then it was not a buffalo dying there in the mud, but the brown-skinned Baal-pteor.	Slinking in the shadows was not congenial to his nature.	'Pick up my lover,' she directed, and the Cimmerian stooped and swung the tall form easily to his broad shoulder.	On his left, ivory, arched doors opened into the corridor, and he tried each in turn.	Conan's eyes began to smolder ominously, but he trod warily into the chamber, his sword ready.	It did not fall to the floor.	They entered a court paved with marble which gleamed whitely in the starlight.	Why should you seek my life?'	'What were you doing out on the streets this time of night?'	'Aram keeps his word,' grunted yet another.	The man on the floor was a cannibal slave from Darfar.	He lifted his sword to shatter the panels, but on a venture tried the door first with his left hand.	The perfume of her breath mounted to his brain.	'Many a man we have taken from his tavern.	The affair was taking on more and more of the aspect of a baited trap.	From beyond a door opposite the one by which Conan had entered there sounded a woman's scream, faint and muffled in the distance.	But this mummery, this child's play of mists and shadows of thought, it could not harm him.	She did not seem aware of his caresses.	'My lover is wandering somewhere in the streets alone.	'All right!	She dodged, but they did not strike her.	Soundlessly as a shadow he drew her behind the nearest hut, beneath the straggling palms.	This opening had no gate or any sort of barrier.	As soon as the clang of their sandals had receded up the street, Conan and the girl emerged from their hiding-place and hurried on.	Cannibalism was not tolerated openly in Zamboula.	'And put my neck into a Turanian noose?'	'The phial!'	'You did not win at the gaming-tables?'	His skin crawled, not with fear of the sword in the man's hand, but because of the uncanny suggestion of his posture and silence.	A few moments later they saw the squat, flat-topped edifice they sought looming ahead of them.	And then a choking gasp burst from him as Conan's fingers locked on his throat.	'The Hyrkanians have no love for Totrasmek.	It would increase the power of my arts.'	And how could a human being possess a head like that outlined against the stars?	'My lover drove me into the streets.	'How could I, with only a handful of silver to begin with?	And as it revolved it grew, expanded, became nebulous.	And _he_ is not Alafdhal, a poor captain of the guardsmen.	With my hands, barbarian, I shall break your neck!'	Bolts creaked in their sockets, and the door opened.	When Zabibi was jerked head-first through the aperture which opened in the wall behind the idol, her first, dizzy, disconnected thought was that her time had come.	'When he awakes he will be quite sane,' she whispered, motioning to the silent slave.	In the meantime I'll tie his wrists with his sword-belt--so.	'You see now how impossible is the reward for which you hoped.	she gasped.	He did not have it when I found him again.	Behind him the players halted their game to stare after him with a cryptic speculation in their eyes.	When I was a child they gave me infants to throttle; when I was a boy I strangled young girls; as a youth, women, old men and young boys.	He knew he had killed Totrasmek.	A heavy gold bolt showed on the jamb of the door, and he touched it lightly with his finger tips.	rumbled Conan.	Conan blew out the light, stepped to the door and opened it, and ran his hand over the ornaments on the outer side.	'No,' laughed Totrasmek, 'you came like a fool, creeping through the night with a stupid barbarian to cut my throat.	Stirred to red rage by the ghoulishness of the episode, Conan raced across the road.	I worship Set, and the Turanians bow to Erlik, but Totrasmek sacrifices to Hanuman the accursed!	Minutes?	A dancer of Zamboula was accustomed to nakedness.	Zabibi rose, staring fearfully at the priest, whose eyes ran avidly over her splendid figure.	Thus the sons of Kosala offer sacrifice to Yajur.	'And why did _you_ want it?'	Sparks flashed blue as Conan parried the blade, and the next instant the madman was stretched senseless in the dust from a thundering buffet of Conan's left fist.	She lifted the bolt on the secret door, and a few moments later they were in the streets and hurrying away from the silent square where brooded the age-old shrine of Hanuman.