'But the reality was more grisly than the dream.	Olivia sensed that it was not so much in defense of Conan that the Corinthian took his stand, but in opposition to Aratus.	They reached the northern extremity of the plateau, and stood gazing up the steep pitch of the cliffs.	They will put me to the torture if they find me beside their dead lord.'	'He's not dead,' answered the Corinthian, rising from beside the prostrate Cimmerian.	Was it some trick of the moonlight that touched the eyes of the black figures with fire, so that they glimmered redly in the shadows?	There Conan halted in some uncertainty, at last selecting a place sheltered by a broad ledge, nowhere near any trees.	'Pirates!'	She glanced fleetingly at the figures along the walls--waiting, waiting.	Then the moonlight burst full upon their faces, and they were speeding up the slope of the plateau.	I abode in Shah Amurath's palace, until some weeks agone he rode out with his hosts to do battle with a band of invaders who were ravaging the borders of Turan.	'No law?	Through a broad crevice in the wall stole a beam of moonlight, and the air was instantly supercharged with subtle tension.	Conan stared and glared.	They may stop for some other reason, in which case we'll have to hide as best we can.	To me?'	she asked hopelessly.	If I don't succeed--well, hide yourself in the rocks until they're gone, for no devils on this island are as cruel as these sea-wolves.'	Ha!	The blacks shrank back before him, their eyes slits of fire.	As she tore her tender skin and bruised her soft limbs on the rugged boulders over which Conan had so lightly lifted her, she realized again her dependence on the iron-thewed barbarian.	The springy sward gave no sign of footprint.	They approached it warily, seeing that moss and lichen crawled over the stones, and the broken roof gaped to the sky.	'Here is the grandfather of all parrots.	Besides, you are soft-skinned, and used to shelter and dainties.	He felt the quick beating of her heart against his breast.	About the ruins the others were cutting down trees and securing material for a fire.	Yet she distinctly felt the glare of hidden eyes, and felt that _something_ animate and sentient was aware of her presence and her hiding-place.	Inside were many more; they shifted and mumbled in their besotted dreams, but none awakened as she glided among them.	Conan swore.	he roared.	There were only a few about the fire; most of them had gone into the ruins to sleep.	From time to time his glance rested inscrutably upon her, and she was aware of it.	grunted the Cimmerian.	'Vilayet is an Hyrkanian pond.'	The drunkards beneath her feet began to stir and groan in their sleep.	His kinship to the wild was apparent in his every action; it burned in his smoldering eyes.	'I am Conan, of Cimmeria,' he grunted.	The cords fell from Conan's arms, and taking the dagger from her, he ripped the bonds from his legs with a single quick slash.	The rat-faced one yelped in triumph and ran to stab the prostrate man, but a lean Corinthian thrust him back.	'Death!'	Laying her head in her rounded arms she wept, until distant shouts of ribald revelry roused her to her own danger.	Olivia tiptoed after him.	But at the other end was only a smashed and shattered ruin, half submerged in the shallow water.	'They will anchor here--search the island for us!'	'Did you not see them?--The statues, moving, lifting their hands, their eyes glaring in the shadows?'	'Who are you?'	She seated herself in the bow, and he stepped into the boat, pushed off with an oar, and using it as a paddle, worked his way tortuously among the tall stalks until they glided out into open water.	At last a Shemite spoke up above the clamor: 'Why do you argue over a dead man?'	'Nobody followed us,' he answered.	he panted.	She twisted about to follow his stare, and saw a green wall of trees and shrubbery rising from the water's edge and sweeping away in a wide curve, enclosing a small bay whose waters lay still as blue glass.	'Nay!'	We'll look for fruit; but first I'm going to cleanse myself of this dried mud and blood.	What grisly climber dislodged those stones she dared not try to think.	Olivia, half fainting, saw the ape heaving, thrashing and writhing, gripping, man-like, the hilt that jutted from its body.	She glanced from the dark ruins about which the fantastic figures, small in the distance, weaved and staggered, to the dusky depths of the green forest.	'You were not afraid when you came to free me, either,' he answered.	But now only the long hall-like structure rose against the sky, and its walls leaned drunkenly among the crawling vines.	With a flash of white tusks, the monster charged.	bellowed a bull-like voice, as a huge figure swaggered forward: a giant, naked to the waist, where his capacious belly was girdled by a wide sash that upheld voluminous silken pantaloons.	But as Conan tugged vainly at his sword, wedged deep in the hairy body, the frothing jaws snapped spasmodically shut, an inch from the Cimmerian's face, and he was hurled to the sward by the dying convulsions of the monster.	Maybe he floated here on driftwood, blown out from the mainland in a storm.'	Among these pillars fluttered great green and scarlet parrots, and the hall was thronged with black-skinned, hawk-faced warriors.	His blue eyes, though they smoldered with unquenchable fire, were no longer murky or bloodshot.	There was a promise of protection in his iron clasp.	Olivia glanced timidly about the great silent hall.	Doubtless they'll pass the island tonight, and at dawn we can go on our way.'	Rising cautiously, she looked out across the plateau.	Her lips twisted in a bitter smile.	'Then we must spend the night here?'	The moon was rising!	He stared at her in perplexity.	So they came through the trees to the edge of the water, shimmering like molten silver in the moonlight.	Olivia helplessly acquiesced, and they descended the cliffs, crossed the plateau and once more approached the gloomy, age-haunted ruins.	The swords flashed like white fire in the early sun, wheeling and circling.	The natural skepticism of the sophisticated man was not his.	Her arms about his iron neck, the Ophirean closed her eyes, cradling her dark curly head against his massive shoulder.	'A sail.'	Up on the cliff Olivia caught at the boulders for support.	'Don't show yourself unless I call to you,' he instructed, having secreted her to his satisfaction among a tangle of boulders along the crest of the cliffs.	'He said so.'	It came from the ruins.