Conan had not approached the high priest himself, because in the game of bribery he would have no chance against Thutmekri, and to attempt it would be to play directly into the Stygian's hands.	A cry of horror went up from the priests.	He could not see her face, of course, but her attitude was as if she gazed tranquilly into some far gulf of space, over and beyond the shaven heads of the black giants who knelt before her.	A quick glance across at the aperture where the stars shone, a glance down at the chest that still blazed open on the blood-smeared altar, and he saw and seized the desperate gamble.	This place is haunted!'	Silence reigned over the valley, and above the rim of the cliffs stars were blinking out.	The altar was laved in the glow now, and the astounded features of Gorulga stood out in sharp relief.	The shriek ended in a gurgle and a scraping shuffle.	she whimpered faintly.	But there was a strong chance that they might take the jewels with them when they returned to Keshia.	That was Gwarunga, whom Muriela had named as the man who had revealed the secret of the pool-entrance to Zargheba.	That stroke would have sheared a human body asunder; but the bones of the servant of Bit-Yakin were like tempered steel.	He replaced the great glowing gem himself, nodding approval.	An instant later he had reached it--a small cavern, just below the edge of the rim.	Yelaya had again vanished.	Crom!	The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.	Chattering with fear the priests scrambled up and ran for the door that opened behind the bestial god.	They seemed to represent various sections of the palace above.	And as his prodigious bound carried him backward, there was the rush of a great bulk from above, and a thunderous crash filled the tunnel with deafening vibrations.	The great palace lay silent as ever, disturbed only by the swift passing of his sandaled feet.	He gathered that it was the name of the writer.	Then she renewed her importunities.	'How can a dead woman come to life after all these centuries?'	INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.	'It's obvious they've been renewing the garments and ornaments of the goddess, as they'd seen Bît-Yakin do.	As he leaned there he caught a sound on the other side that his ears instantly identified--it was the creak of rusty iron, like a lever scraping in its slot.	'Good; I'm going to find Zargheba.'	is there no honesty anywhere?'	Where's the gem you wore in your hair?'	'What were you to say as the oracle?'	It's fallen all over your shoulders.	I shall be cursed by these heathen gods!'	They jammed briefly in the doorway, yelping as wildly waving torches touched squirming black bodies; they plunged through, and the patter of their speeding feet dwindled down the tunnel.	But thrust between the crossed arms and the shrunken breast there was a roll of parchment, yellowed with age to the color of old ivory.	He saw the surging, seething black surface of the water, in turmoil as if disturbed by some monster of the deep, and he saw the sheer stone walls of the channel curved up to a vault overhead.	Gliding into the niche, he peered through.	Emerging into a cavern of huge proportions, about whose upward curving walls gallery-like ledges marched in tiers, they began their worship anew before an altar which was larger, and a god which was more disgusting, than any encountered thus far.	'He'll never whip me again.'	It's Yelaya!'	Then he saw something else: bronze ladders extended from the ledges to the water's surface at regular intervals, and there was one just ahead of him.	There, according to the girl, Zargheba should be lurking.	Conan's sword was lifted as he peered into the aperture beyond, but he saw no shape of menace.	Conan passed into a broad, lofty hall, lined with tall columns, between which arches gaped, their door long rotted away.	He bounded into the chamber like a slit-eyed, snarling incarnation of fury, ferociously desirous to come to grips with whatever enemy was hounding him.	Conan wondered how deeply the man was in the intrigues of the Stygian.	'Well, what then?'	'Why, you sacrilegious little hussy!'	The corridor led in the direction the priests had taken, and he decided to follow it, rather than descend into the darkness of the great cavern below.	At the farther side of the great room there rose a dais with broad lapis-lazuli steps leading up to it, and on that dais there stood a massive chair with ornate arms and a high back which once doubtless supported a cloth-of-gold canopy.	I didn't see what it was that had hold of me until we passed through a big metal door and came into a tunnel whose roof was alight, like this chamber.	'I found a manuscript that told me a number of things, and then stumbled upon some frescoes that told me the rest.	It dragged at him as with tangible, animate slimy hands, but he buffeted the rushing surge with the strength of desperation and now drew closer and closer inshore, fighting furiously for every inch.	rumbled Conan.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	'Don't move!'	To all appearances Muriela lay placidly on the dais, eyes closed as in slumber.	Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.	'No!	Conan cursed with passion and ran for the other side also.	Had Zargheba seen him?	And that bursting blue flame--I thought it looked familiar.	he muttered, his eyes suddenly slits of bale-fire.	While he fumed with nervous impatience, the high priest Gorulga announced that before any decision could be reached, the will of the gods must be ascertained concerning the proposed alliance with Zembabwei and the pledge of objects long held holy and inviolate.	In the dying light Conan saw a black body and ebon countenance, hideous in the blue glare.	'We'll have to take our chance,' he grunted.	There was no proof they had ever left the valley.	Conan could make out the dark tuft below that was the short black beard.	Through a slot in the underbrush he glimpsed the stem of the tree under which, apparently, Zargheba was standing.	Could it be someone on the same mission as himself?	Zargheba will kill me when I have served his purpose here--I know it!	Conan stood scarcely breathing as he strained his ears into the silence.	'But he died at last, and his servants mummified him according to instructions he gave them before his death, and stuck him in a cave in the cliffs.	'By Crom!'	There was but one explanation that offered itself to the Cimmerian, if he rejected the darker speculation that suggested the supernatural--somewhere in the chamber there was a secret door.	Conan did not waste time looking for it.	Drawn by a morbid fascination, he re-entered the oracle chamber and stared down again at the motionless figure of the princess who was worshipped as a goddess, entranced by her frigid beauty.	There was no reason to suppose men lied when they said that Alkmeenon was empty and deserted, haunted only by the ghosts of the dead past.	They have ladders hung over the water where they can hang and fish for the corpses that come floating through.	Without bothering to set her on her feet, he hurried through the short tunnel into which this aperture opened.	They were filing up the broad marble steps, holding their torches high.	I will not harm you if you do my bidding.'	'He'll kill me!'