I use steel pins made from rake teeth.	On Friday of the next week we had another wolf in the No.	Here we get the dog we are using now and with which we have made the most satisfactory of catches.	Head yellowish grey, not strongly contrasted with rest of body.	The wolf started west towards some bad lands, but Mr. Clanton was riding a good young horse and he soon turned the wolf south, but now he was headed straight for a wire fence.	There were sixteen traps in the line and all but two of them had been undisturbed.	In that way the trapper can change horses daily and give them a chance to rest and rustle food.	Put your trap in its place and have it so it will be about one-fourth of an inch below the surface of the ground, not any lower.	In the past ten years Wyoming has paid out in State bounties over $65,000 on wolves alone, and $160,156 on wolves, coyotes and mountain lions together, and to this must be added still larger sums in local and county bounties on the same animals."	A 22 caliber rifle is also useful for procuring bait.	"Now cover your traps with a piece of deodorized paper and about one-half inch of sand.	Now a sheet of clean paper should be placed over the jaws and pan and the whole covered with about 1/4 or 3/8 inch of fine dirt, covering the edges first and finishing with the center.	All of the outfit that will be needed is to be found on any western ranch and as the trapper will not be camping out, the camp outfit would be omitted.	"Friday morning I ran down to my trap and was surprised to see it gone.	KEY TO WOLF, COYOTE AND FOX PUPS.	Now mind you, in going to trap and resetting them, wear your shoes and gloves.	* * * "I saw a coyote jump over a sage brush about 6 rods from me one day, and shot at him as he struck the ground with No.	"We have a $1.00 bounty on coyotes and $5.00 on wolves in this state (Wyoming) besides a stockmen's bounty in certain districts, ranging from $1.00 to $2.50 on coyotes, and $15.00 to $35.00 on wolves.	"In many cases three bounties are paid on each wolf.	The sheep men on the desert are paying $40.00 per month to the trappers in eastern Oregon for wolves, besides boarding them and allowing them to keep the pelts.	Some recommend dragging a large piece of bloody meat by tying to the horn of the saddle with a rope and setting traps without bait in the trail.	Have caught 6 at one setting, 5 of them with no other bait than the smell of the ground defiled by previous coyotes.	It was forty feet from the entrance of the hole to where she lay, and it was midnight when I got her out.	The trap should be fastened to a drag of some kind, which should be buried and the trap must be set and covered as explained in another chapter.	The necessary number of these poisoned baits may be prepared and carried in a tin can or pail, but they should not be touched with naked hands.	I use No.	"The day proved all that could be desired, so we started out at noon.	Of the many methods of hunting and otherwise capturing wolves and coyotes, employed by the professional "wolfers" of the west, none is more remunerative than the hunting of the young animals during the spring season.	His traps were set on the ground.	It will begin to work good about that time, then cork it up tight, and in a few days it is ready for use.	Such an outfit would consist of a tent, blankets, cooking utensils, axe and some toilet articles.	What one believes to be perfect, and which answers his purpose admirably, another has no use for whatever.	At that time of year (March, April and May) there is very little fur of any value, to be had but the wolf hunter can combine wolf trapping and the hunting of the parent animals with the killing of the young, and the large bounties paid by many of the states and the various provinces of Canada, will alone enable one to do a profitable business.	At Big Piney a number of cattle and a few horses had been killed around the settlement during the previous fall and winter.	As the den is approached, the tracks will become more numerous, and near by there will be well beaten trails.	"Riding up to the spot, I dismounted and on looking the ground over, was elated to find a splotch of blood, but farther search revealed no other traces of the game.	You can usually find a small stick or pole of some kind.	Put the bait, fresh meat of almost any kind, in the hole, so that the coyote can just see it.	If desired a single trap may be used at each setting but as the length of step of the timber wolf is from eighteen to twenty-four inches, it is better to use two traps, for the wolf is likely to miss a single trap.	One party in speaking of the conditions in Northern Ontario, says: "I think the wolf-poisoning business is being overdone.	[Illustration: Grey Wolf, the Kind on Which Bounty is Paid.]	3/4 to 1 inch   Width of heel pad of front foot     WOLF.	A fresh fall of snow will bury the set for a short time but the wind storm that always follows a snowfall will blow all loose snow off the mound, leaving just a sufficient amount over the trap, as that will be sunken somewhat below the level.	As before mentioned, the mode of hunting is very simple.	Red Fox Pups.	A track that has been made in the evening should be followed backwards and one made in the morning should be followed forwards, as the wolves do most of their hunting at night and return to the den in the early morning.	They are the worst of the two among sheep and small calves and colts.	The following extract from a letter received from a Canadian trapper, tells of a very successful coyote set.	The failure of bounties to accomplish their proposed object was clearly shown by Dr. T. S. Palmer in 1896.	The elk is a great enemy of the wolf and it appears that they are seldom molested.	This is an exceptionally good set for coyotes.	"At first I used no bait but depended solely upon trail setting and for the following reasons: A trapper who was formerly in the employ of the Hudson Bay Company told me of a setting by which he attained the greatest success, and it is as follows: Take a forked stick the shape of a V, the prongs being about two and a half feet long and with knots or projections on them; fit this V around a mesquit bush so the bush will be pressed closely into the sharp part of the V; place the bait, preferably a rabbit--close against the tree and in the sharp part of the V; then set the trap, completely covered, with springs bent inward, eighteen inches back from the bait and in the V, with the chain covered and fastened to the bush.	I had to move some dirt and rocks and it was a big job.	It was a short chase, as Lucy soon had Mr. Coyote by the hind leg and turned him on his back quicker than it can be told, and Ike being close at hand soon had him by the throat, so by the time we could get out horses stopped and turned Mr. Coyote was no more.	"Use the same method for wolf; you need no bait for him.	Coyotes constantly follow the elk herds, especially in spring when the calves are being born, and probably destroy many of the young, but wolves apparently do not share this habit.	When the pups get too large and strong to pull out alive, I put a candle on the stick, shove it into the den and lay on my stomach.	All over the western country, along the water courses and wash-outs, will be found straight cut banks, sometimes overhanging.	"I herewith submit my method for trapping the coyote, hoping it will be of interest to the readers.	Another successful trapper makes practically the same statements and his views are appended.	Now dig out bed for each trap, placing dirt removed on canvas or blanket.	I set the trap in the hole and cover carefully, fastening to a stake or toggle, concealing by covering with dirt.	When the snow got deep, I set the trap on top of the bait.	I have tried several kinds and consider them no good.	It is difficult to make a set in the snow and leave no signs when the set is finished, and even if one can make a neat set it will seldom remain long in working order.	All of the methods given for the grey wolf are good for the coyote, and in addition we give here the methods of various others, from all parts of the Southwest.	While they can not reach the scent, they will walk all around the cactus bed and are almost certain to step in one of the traps.	The traps should be left setting some four or five days before placing the bait.	It invariably happens, however, that when cleared out of one section the wolves are left undisturbed to breed in neighboring sections, and the depleted country is soon restocked."	Both forms are equally deadly, but some poisoners claim that it will act more rapidly when crushed.	I set them with great care, but all I found was a footprint about two inches from the pan of a trap.	The water from this spring entirely disappears within two hundred yards of the place where it rises.	Picking out the largest of the two we both rode after him.	I also threw a little piece of meat up on the stack.	Although the No.	Last October we had an old coyote and five puppies that were killing sheep for one of our neighbors.	"I have killed other grown wolves in the den and have never known one to show fight.	This set requires four traps and they are arranged in the form of a square.	"I set two or three No.	I will also add that some of these traps were brand new, while some of them were very rusty, so I took first a new trap and then a rusty one, and set them alternately around the bait, thinking that this arrangement, together with the sour smell of the food, would confuse his nose a little, and I think it did, at any rate, in about a week he came back and got tangled up.	In placing the bait one should, if possible, go on a wagon, or if more convenient, on a horse, and should drop the bait in place without stepping down on to the ground.	BAIT METHODS FOR WOLVES.	It would be impossible, in a work of this kind, to give the bounty laws of the different states, also as they are repealed so frequently, detailed information on that subject would be of little value to the prospective hunter or trapper.