They are notches down and pinned onto the roller and block 5.	If there is but little to be caught then you had best go elsewhere, but trappers have been known in thickly settled sections to catch from $50 to $300 worth of fur in a season, lasting from November 1 to March 15.	Make the box solid.	up she goes.	I have used it for twenty years and can catch my share every time."	If readers are curious and have a good, large map of Ohio, and look at the southern border, some fifty miles above the mouth of the Scioto river, on a direct line or about double that by following the winding of the river, they will find Kyger Creek.	My way of fleshing furs--there may be better ways--is to draw the skin over a smooth board, made for the purpose and scraping, or peeling, with a blunt edged knife.	The Indians' trap is made by cutting a sapling 3 or 4 inches in diameter off the butt end cut a piece 2 foot and place on the ground for a bed piece; drive four stakes, two on either side of bed piece, leaving a space between of 12 inches, using the balance of pole for the drop to play between the stakes.	1 is the noose, No.	No.	On the inside of coop it is a good idea to lay a board six inches or wider over the ditch.	Then, while hot, it may easily be cut away, and by enlarging the hole at the back of the skull the brain may be scooped out.	It is generally known that Minnesota mink are large.	They must be some smaller than the hole, as they swell when wet.	Stake ten which is directly opposite from (11) you want to be careful not to split, as one of the triggers rests on it.	Again the pen may be torn down and the animal takes bait from the rear.	For trigger any stick 18 inches long, 5/8 inch thick will do: tie string 2 inches from end and tie other end at figure 1, pass the short end under round from the outside (figure 3) and catch in notch in bait lath (figure 2), the other end bait at figure 4.	A man should be able to know the difference between grades No.	Spring rats are known as No.	Trappers who have never used the deadfall will, no doubt, find that after they use them a short time and become better acquainted with their construction and operation that they will catch more game than at first.	Never stretch the noses out long, as some trappers are inclined to do, but treat them as above described, and they will command better values.	The explanation of this trap is as follows: 1, bait stick; 2, trigger; 3, noose made of wire or stout cord; 4, stay wire made of wire or cord; 5, bait; 6, spring pole.	When the trap is set the paddle wants to be level and one-half inch higher than small logs, then your two switches comes in this to keep the paddle from hitting the bark on side logs.	As there were few coon where we were trapping, but few were caught, yet an old trapper nearby caught several in both deadfalls and steel traps each season.	It is a good plan to throw leaves or grass on the stakes.	Now cut two short poles for the forks to lay in from side to side of the path, being in the same direction as the choker.	A quarter of a century ago, opossum, muskrat, skunk, and fox were more numerous than now.	In fact they are great for that for the animal is not injured, which is often the case when shot or caught by dogs.	2; poor unprime skins, No.	It pays to be careful in skinning animals properly as well as to stretch them correctly, for both add to their market value.	The notch should be four inches deep and a foot up and down and as high up as the trapper can cut--four or five feet.	Place a few flat rocks in the bottom and place in the water where rats frequent.	The old saying that fur is good any month that has an "r" in does not hold good except in the North.	When he does this once he will come again and the Indian hunter, knowing this, at once sets a snare for "Mister Cat."	4, the loop; No.	The trap is made as follows: The figure 4 trigger is best for this trap and is made after this manner: standard (1) is made by cutting a stick five or six inches long out of hard wood and whittling it to a flat point, but blunt at one end; (2) is about five inches long with a notch cut within about one and one-half inches of the end with the other end made square so that it will fit in (3) which is the bait stick.	SOME TRIGGERS.	[Illustration: STRING AND TRIGGER TRAP.]	Catch in season, flesh carefully, stretch in good shape, always take bone out of tails, keep in an airy building until dry and then you will not have to grumble so much at the buyer in regard to prices.	This is an easy and good way to handle coon skins making them nearly square when stretched.	In the Central and Southern States trappers should not begin so early and should leave off in the spring from one to four weeks sooner--depending upon how far South they are located.	Take the bait stick and hook lower notch on the piece nailed on the two stakes and place end of lever in the top notch, then cut weights and place on each side until you think you have enough to hold any bear.	Probably the ground is frozen and you will have to brace it up with logs or stones or perhaps lash it to a stump or root.	A stick 24 inches long should then be cut and flattened at both ends.	In most instances the animal will throw the trap before getting to the bait, but it is well to take this precaution in case, for any reason, the animal should not step on the trip trigger at first.	I send a drawing of a trap called the "Shear Trap," writes an Eastern trapper.	(D) A piece of lath about 8 inches long, with one end beveled off to fit in slot of E; tie a piece of small rope, about a foot long, two inches from the other end.	Sharpen one end, take your coon skin and run one wire up each side and one across each end.	The "fall" or top pole can be of any kind of wood, but hickory, oak, beech, maple, and other heavy wood are all good.	The snare should be about nine inches in diameter and should be fastened securely to the tree.	The lever is shown in Fig.	The parts are all made of wood about three-eighths of an inch thick.	* * * Along in the late seventies or beginning of the eighties, when a good sized muskrat would bring about as much as a common prime mink, and a steel trap was quite a prize to be in possession of, I had perhaps two dozen traps, some old fashioned, that would be quite a curiosity at present, besides a few Newhouse No.	This style of trap is much easier made, as it requires very little skill.	It will be little use to build traps where there are other trappers as trouble will occur, traps may be torn to pieces, etc.	Make trigger of green hard wood stick with bark on.	Animals usually stand with fore feet upon lower log and reach into pen after bait, but at times they have been known to go inside.	The game will then come to the side of the trap.	4, generally known as trash and of no value.	Good unprime skins are No.	The four stakes at pen must be of sufficient length that when the trap is set they extend above the top or fall pole.	Lay the logs of the door onto the first or long log, putting a pin in each end of the logs as you lay them on.	That is, place the triggers under the fall just the same as you would if they were baited and you were going to set the trap.	If you want to make sure of your catch never set your deadfall flat with short triggers shaped like figure 4, but make long triggers instead and have the weight or choker sit almost upright and draw the top trigger close to the one that it rests on at the bottom.	If stretched too wide it tends to make the fur thinner and lessens the value of it.	The animal does not know that the trigger is dangerous, but now and then either steps or jumps over.	It will thus be seen that a trapper in the North can attend more deadfalls and snares than one in the South or even in the Central States.	Rope long enough to go around pole and over B and tie around C. D should be from 1 to 3 inches above ground according to what is being trapped.	A--the snare, should be made of rabbit wire, four or five strand twisted together.	However, it will spring very easily as the stanchion under the end of the spindle is so near the end.	They are sent to market usually fur side in.	The plainer this spot the poorer the fur.	In fact more deadfalls can be set in a day, after they are built, than steel traps.	Cut a crotch into ground or snow solid.	A ditch is now dug about a foot wide.	There are at least two reasons for this: first, it allows the traps to become weather beaten and game is not so suspicious; second, all the trapper has to do when the trapping season arrives is to visit and set his traps.	Skunk or opossum, (medium), length 28 inches and 7 inches wide.	The high price has caused considerable trapping, and their number has decreased of recent years.	CHAPTER XXV.	Coon can be cased but most dealers prefer to have them stretched open.	If impossible to visit traps daily they should be lined with tin.	Finish by fastening with tacks, pulling the nose over the point of the board, and drawing the skin of the lower jaw up against the nose.	If a certain snare is bothered continually, it will do no harm to set a steel trap where you think chances best of taking the animal.