He learned from them about the child: that he was motherless, the son of a tinker in the _Broletto Novo_, who, for twenty scudi, had sold his child to the mumming, though warned that he might die of being gilded.	In the glow of the setting sun, cannon, cuirasses, helmets, spears, flashed lightning; Caesar was riding in the imperial purple of a conqueror, straight towards the immense blood-red sun.	The contrast delighted Leonardo, and seemed to him of pregnant meaning.	Luigi Marliani, the court physician, a fat, taciturn, gloomy man with a dignified and intelligent face, lost patience with this chatter, and wiping his brow, cried out:-- 'Messer Galeotto, methinks 'tis time for business.	'Master!	Yes, you love him, you who wish to hate him; you love him perhaps better than do I!'	In another, headed '_Del Moro a Cecilia_,' the poet recounted how Jupiter, returning from his mistress, had been forced to brave the storm lest _jealous Juno_ should guess his treachery, and tearing the diadem from her brow scatter its pearls like hailstones and raindrops from the sky.	'_Sacrement de l'autel!_' said the sergeant slapping the others on the back.	'Nay, Master, what can you do with the key?'	He listened to the howling, the shrieking, the roaring of the storm, and he remembered Machiavelli's words: 'The most fearful thing in life is not poverty nor care, sickness nor sorrow, nor death itself.	Giovanni mixed in the crowd, and listened to their talk.	And he would again have attacked the little lad by his curls had not Leonardo rescued him.	'No, Leonardo da Vinci himself.'	Left alone, Leonardo gradually recovered his composure.	BOOK I THE WHITE SHE-DEVIL--1494      'At Siena was discovered another statue of Venus, to the huge joy      of the inhabitants.	'Who is that?'	'Was the healing of Tobias natural?'	For all that, you have a little devil there in your heart; oh, I read you well enough, my friend, through and through to your very soul!	If we but make haste!'	Maia!	He entered on this new task with the same resolution, with the same feverish haste which he had expended on the St. John.	He claimed to be the only legitimate heir of the dominion of Lombardy, and now proposed to reconquer it, annihilating 'the robber nest of the Sforzas.'	If you are not located in the   United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you   are located before using this ebook.	Marco!	the voting is in progress!'	A full moon shone, huge and round as a millstone, and so near she could touch it with her hand.	Oh, Master!	'What do you think of it?'	'Have you heard about the Macedonian phalanx?	This was the great cathedral, the magnificent temple which Milan was erecting in honour of the Birth of the Virgin.	'Is woman an incomplete creation?'	Yet it was not Madonna Violante who attracted the eyes of veritable connoisseurs in female loveliness so much as the graceful Diana Pallavicino.	'_O mathematicians, throw light upon this error!	asked Marliani.	To his dismay, there in the left-hand corner, just where the tablecloth was represented hanging in ample folds by the feet of St Bartholomew, he discovered a small crack; beside it the colours were already fading, and on the surface was a white velvety patch, scarce observable, but the beginning of mould.	When the prince saw that his object was gained he determined to destroy the instrument of his severity.	Julius II.	The other opened wide his mouth and rolled his tongue; his face was strangely contorted; and he burst out angrily: 'Why should you trouble me, you tedious talker, you sheep's-head, you brainless quail?	Had not Messer Niccolò put together as useless and impossible a monstrosity in his superhumanly astute and conscienceless prince?	He can't!'	But that night Ludovico, animated by hope in God and in the Grand Turk, prayed long before his favourite picture, by Leonardo, in which the Virgin was pourtrayed with the features and smile of Cecilia, Countess Bergamini.	This translation is direct from the Russian, and is the only one in the English language which is or will be authorised by the Author.	'Well?	Out of the perplexed chapters of Julian's      career, Merejkowski has constructed something which might be called      a drama, full of episodes, lurid, intense, passionate ... with a      power to enlist and hold the attention of the reader.	'Excellency, Messer Leonardo has come.	'When?	Inexpressible consternation filled his soul; he averted his eyes and fled from the villa.	The duke cautiously stepped to the door on the tips of his toes, and called softly-- 'Bernardo!	'Listen, my son,' answered Leonardo, in that soothing yet severe and almost rough tone in which a doctor speaks to a sick child; 'I see you have a weight upon your heart.	Wine I love and singing to 't,       And the Latin Graces;       If I drink my throat'll do 't       Better than Horatius.	Ah, my God!	We now frequently visit a scurvy little tavern by the Cantarana Canal, just beyond the Porta Vercellina.	If so be thou dost see him, be not at all afraid."	They but put together and combine the refuse of knowledge.	Three years ago, one winter evening, in a deserted corner of Romagna between Cervia and Porto Cesenatico, a body of cavalry was escorting Madonna Dorotea, wife of Battista Caracciolo, captain of infantry in the service of the _Serenissima Signoria_ of Venice, and her cousin, Maria, a fifteen year old novice in an Urbino convent, from Urbino to Venice.	Quick, the key of the little door!	God help me!'	He drew from his bosom a small case with relics of St. Christopher; another containing a morsel of Egyptian mummy, a talisman much in vogue.	'Why not _now_?	The mason paused in his work and looked down.	'What hope?'	Indeed, Alexander always lied like one inspired.	The sun sparkled on the frozen windows; the snowy fields and hills, soft as down, shone dazzlingly white under the azure sky.	The guide walked stolidly in front with a lantern, and Leonardo followed, carrying Francesco, who had insisted on accompanying his friend.	Leonardo did not answer immediately; then he said in a shaking voice:-- 'You also, Giovanni, with them!	When he heard voices and footsteps under the window, he said to Melzi:-- 'I admit no one.	Memories of his youth crowded upon his soul.	Then he resolved to invoke celestial aid, and full of hope, raising his eyes to the impenetrable darkness of night, he prayed thus:-- 'Lord, help me and forsake me not.	X Two days passed, and as Marco had foreseen, Leonardo forgot the money question completely.	Of a surety I should never have believed that you--_you_!	'He has protected the orphan and consoled the widow,' put in the monk.	My friend, there is naught more terrible than to feel in yourself the power to do something, and to know that you will perish and die without ever having accomplished anything whatsoever.'	Before journeying to Romagna the painter proposed to visit Ser Francesco, and if possible to leave Astro in his charge, the unfortunate smith not yet having recovered from the effects of his fall.	'What sin is stinking in your old nostrils, Filippo?'	If I gave you the reins you would turn the State topsy-turvy.	Why did I never think of him before?	and he stopped short, panting with agitation.	I will save your brother.'	A citizen of our republic, for our bitterest enemy?	'A man-child.	I therefore force myself to address your Excellency that I may disclose to him the secrets of my art.	Leonardo watched the bandaging, and listened for a few minutes to the rapid disconnected babble which came from the lips of the poor broken enthusiast.	Giovanni listened, and the incongruity between the lively music and the gloomy words resounded in his ears like some barbarous funeral chant.