Picture the horror and anguish with which the citizens of Troy witness the seizure and suffocation of Laocoon and his children by the gigantic serpents.	1.E.5.	This condition of incomprehensible indifference towards the beloved one, this despair arising not out of grief, but as a result of his own coldness, of his lack of commiseration and pity was all too familiar to Flaubert; and according to his custom, he boldly proceeds to analyse this trait, which it is the one endeavour of most other artists to conceal, not only from others, but even from themselves, regarding it mistakenly as a form of egotism that is entirely in conflict with Nature.	At times when there was apparently nothing to be sad about, it has been my fate to be much sadder."	Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.	YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.	1.F.2.	1.E.	General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works 1.A.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	For I regard myself as a sort of arabesque or marqueterie work; there are within me pieces of ivory and of gold and of iron, some of painted paper, others of brilliants, and others again of lead."	... And here the artist, in the midst of his aesthetic abstraction, converts his genuine grief into a thing of beauty, so that in his enlightened view the death of his beloved friend not only causes him no pang, or suffering, but, on the contrary, gives him a mystic resignation, incomprehensible to ordinary men, an ecstasy that is foreign to and removed from life, a joy that is entirely impersonal.	The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.	1.E.6.	We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.	One's senses are terribly sharpened in such surroundings, and my heart starts beating at the slightest sound."	If nature has neither endowed the mind of the artist with an adamantine stoicism, nor filled his heart with an inexhaustible spring of love, his æsthetic qualities will little by little devour his ethical instincts; genius may, in the words of Balzac, "consume" the heart.	"There is only one thing in the world that I really value, and that is beautiful verse; an elegant, harmonious, melodious style; the warmth of the sun; a picturesque landscape; moonlight nights; antique statues, and the character in a profile....	"All this avalanche of folly neither disturbs nor grieves me.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	Flaubert makes a half-jesting attempt to contrast the doctrines of the socialists with his own ideas of the political order of the future.	They were hands!	I have come to the firm conclusion that vanity is the fundamental basis of all things, and that even that which we call conscience is in fact only a concealed and incipient vanity.	So that is what I loved with flaming soul,     With such intensity of passion,     With so great anguish and agony of love,     With such torment and unreason!	"Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.	The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	Yet he hardly believes in this principle himself, and only enunciates it in order to have an argument with which to refute the idea of brotherhood.	Through his mouth, which yawned black and empty of the gums, that seemingly had been burned away, the palate was clearly visible.	Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.	Where is now pain and where is love?	Veneration for art--that is the best thing that I possess; it is the one thing for which I respect myself."	However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other form.	In another letter he confesses that he never could understand the abstract and dry conception of duty, and that "it did not seem to him to be inherent in the nature of mankind (_il ne me parait pas inherent aux entrailles humaines_)."	The only progress upon which one can count is the effort to make the beast less of a cannibal.	This exclamation is as the cry of eternal anguish uttered before his death by another artist, Michael Angelo, the brother of Flaubert in his ideals and aims and genius:     "Io parto a mano a mano,     Crescemi ognor piu l'ombra, e il sol vien manco,     E son presso a cadere, infermo e stanco."	Ordinary people can, or at least believe that they can, entirely recover from the emotions which may have seized upon them, be they transports of love or hatred, of joy or sorrow.	The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Life-Work of Flaubert, by  Dmitry Sergeyevich  Merezhkovsky This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	"In vain I gather my strength; the work will not come, will not come.	In another letter he confesses that he never could understand the abstract and dry conception of duty, and that "it did not seem to him to be inherent in the nature of mankind (_il ne me paraît pas inhérent aux entrailles humaines_)."	Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.	The real tragedy of his position lies in the fact that he is alone in the midst of a strange and unknown world.	The real tragedy of his position lies in the fact that he is alone in the midst of a strange and unknown world.	Of life I ask nothing more, save a few sheets of paper that I may scratch ink upon.	But as to raising the level of his ideas, or inspiring the masses with a broader conception of God, I seriously doubt whether this can ever be achieved."	A gathering of rats in the attic, that is my whole society.	Then finally, even his last consolation--his art--deserts him.	1.E.8.	To most artists beauty is a more or less abstract quality; to Flaubert it was as concrete an object of passion as is gold to the miser, power to the ambitious, or his lady to the lover.	The next moment, perchance, the man will have conquered the artist.	They have no covering on their heads, and there is no distinction of sex.	Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.	I weep so much internally in my own soul, that my tears cannot flow outwardly as well; things that I read of in a book agitate me much more than any actually existing sorrows."	Will the disease vanquish the man, or the man the disease?	The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	The nights are blacker than coal, and a silence is all around me, infinite as in the desert.	I weep so much internally in my own soul, that my tears cannot flow outwardly as well; things that I read of in a book agitate me much more than any actually existing sorrows."	"It seems to me that I have literally turned into a fossil, and that I am deprived of all connection with the universe around me."	They were hands!	Every writer of genius cherishes in his heart a monster which devours all his emotions as soon as he gives birth to them.	"No," he writes to his _fiancée_, "you had far better love my art and not myself; for this attachment will never leave you, nor can illness or death deprive you of it.	And little by little his despair reaches its utmost limits: "Whenever I am without a book in my hand, or whenever I am not writing, such anguish seizes on me that I simply find myself on the verge of tears."	"I have few convictions," he writes to Georges Sand, "but one of those I have I cherish firmly--it is the conviction that the masses are always composed of idiots.	Everything disturbs and upsets me.	"Art is higher than life"; such is the formula which stands as the corner-stone of the whole, not only of Flaubert's æsthetic view, but also of his philosophical view of life.	"I have few convictions," he writes to Georges Sand, "but one of those I have I cherish firmly--it is the conviction that the masses are always composed of idiots.	1.E.3.	In his declining years, when he can no longer turn to the past, and no longer correct his life, he asks himself the question: what if even that beauty, in the name of which he has destroyed his faith in God, in life, and in humanity, is as visionary and delusive as all else?	Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.	A year later he is advising the same friend: "Do as I do, break from the outside world, and live like a bear, like a white bear; send all else to the devil, and yourself as well, everything except only your thoughts.	Surely there must have fallen upon the soul of Flaubert in the glorious sphere of the imagination a ray of beauty that was perhaps too bright.	Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.org/license).	To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate Section 5.	They were the organs of God, by means of which He Himself revealed His true essence to them; for these artists there was no happiness; no one knew how much they suffered; each night as they lay down sadly to rest they gazed wearily at the life of men with an astonished eye, just as we might gaze at an ant-hill."	"One hope alone sustains me, that soon I shall be parted from life, and that I shall surely find no other existence that might be still more painful.... No, no!	In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.	See what a preponderating influence is given at this day to grace.	Flaubert tries to justify his instinctive antipathy to the idea of brotherhood by the assertion that this idea is always found to be in irreconcilable contradiction to the principle of equity.	Then finally, even his last consolation--his art--deserts him.	"When I am tired out from my work, I grow anxious about myself.	Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.	He realises his singularity, and it draws him out of his objective attitude into that incomprehensible existence, the very conception of which he himself denies.	With the malevolence, which was so strangely mingled in him with the then fashionable Byronism, and with a confused presentiment of an impending and inevitable catastrophe, he embarks at the early age of seventeen upon his work of destruction and internal iconoclasm: "I analyse myself and others," he writes to a friend; "I am always anatomizing, and whenever I at last succeed in finding something, which all men consider pure and beautiful, but which is in reality a putrid spot, a gangrene, I shake my head and smile.