She did not feel even a thrill of enthusiasm when Natty hoisted a flag and wreathed the Queen's picture with creeping spruce.	The expressman brought this parcel an hour ago, and there's a letter for you from Aunt Adella on the clock shelf, and I think they belong to each other.	Come on, Curt!"	he said desperately.	One day Ned Bennett dropped in and said that John Osborne would start for the west in three days.	But Cecily did not cry.	That evening Nan went up to her room and dressed herself in the prettiest dress she owned, combed her hair around her sparkling face in bewitching curls, pinned a cluster of apple blossoms at her belt, and, thus equipped, marched down in the golden sunset light to the Mill Creek Bridge.	The Reed girls flushed.	She didn't see clearly how she was to marry him unless he asked her, and he had studiously avoided her since the foreclosure.	She introduced the stranger as Mr. Grayson and called him Tim.	Cecily could see the beds of purple and scarlet asters, making rich whorls of color under the parlor and sitting-room windows.	Mrs. March looked at the hollow, hectic cheeks and the changed, wasted features, and her bright brown eyes softened with tears.	Indeed, in spite of a good deal of snobbishness and false views of life, they were good-hearted girls under it all; and some plain common sense they had inherited from their father came to the surface and taught them to see that Miss Sally was a relative of whom anyone might be proud.	They reached the little grey house by way of a sloping, grassy lane.	Just as soon as her resignation could be effected, she was to join her brother.	"You don't know me, of course," she said, with a feeble attempt at dignity.	If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.	You see, I wanted to go to that picnic to see Sara Beaumont, and I felt quite like a martyr at giving it up."	As for the children, they looked forward to "Graveyard Day" as a very delightful anniversary, and it divided its spring honours with the amount of the herring catch.	"Where's Ford?"	Mrs. March looked at the hollow, hectic cheeks and the changed, wasted features, and her bright brown eyes softened with tears.	"Oh, it's Ned Bennett," said Nan indifferently.	"Don hates to be shut up, howls all the time so mournfully that I can't stand it," responded Curtis.	They read and drove and walked together.	But if you are not interested I will not bore you with any further details.	I will tell you the whole truth--I don't mind it now.	"He went sadly astray, but he was not all bad.	It is so nice to have a home of my own.	"John Osborne, are you crazy?"	When their father died, Everett had applied for the position of lighthouse keeper.	he said.	"I'm so glad," breathed Miss Sally with shining eyes, "and so is Juliana."	"It would make the loveliest party waist," she said under her breath.	The northeast winds swept whistling up the bay and blew rawly over the long hill that sloped down to it, blighting everything that was in their way.	Judith whirled about on the sun warm door step and came in.	Mrs. Wilson averred that such a question gave her the "creeps."	"Florrie Hamilton!	Penelope thought her altogether charming.	Miss Cynthia hardened her heart and took him into the house.	His mother sat by the table, industriously polishing the best silver spoons, which, as he remembered, were only brought forth upon some great occasion.	My adopted father was very kind to me and gave me a good education.	Emily is well, and the children ought to be, for such rampageous young ones I never saw!	I wished you'd been here."	Your uncle admits that it was tied around your dog's neck on Tuesday."	It is a     handsome article still and I hope you will prize it as you     should.	That afternoon Mrs. Wallace came into Nan's room.	Cromwell muttered sheepishly, "I'm afraid I wouldn't be company for her.	Penelope thought her altogether charming.	He was lifting heavy bags from a cart.	Aloud she said, "He says he will call tomorrow evening to receive your answer."	But Eben won't mind--I'll tip him the wink."	Proposing to a man was really very dreadful.	"I was glad to hear that I was heir to so much money," said Mrs. March firmly.	Prue had small heart for Victoria Day that year.	Thanks to Prue's stinging hot decoctions of black currant drink, the two gentlemen were no worse for their drenching and exposure, and the next morning Natty took them to the mainland in the _Merry Maid_.	They seemed to be excellent friends.	That's a good girl."	he asked.	whispered Juliana.	"And then it is so good to have your own folks coming as company," she told the Seymour girls.	Pity he's such a puny youngster.	Any reference to the "right one" always disturbed her placidity.	"She thought herself above us all.	"I haven't any spite against Osborne, but business is business, you know."	he asked.	"If only she isn't like her father," said Charlotte with foreboding, as she aired and swept the southeast spare room for their expected guest.	Her name is Stephanie Gardiner; she is his cousin from the south and is visiting his mother.	The Seymour girls enjoyed that visit as much as Miss Sally did.	I saw Don myself one evening last week ambling down the Harbour road with that big brown dog of Sam Ventnor's.	After all, he might have worried the sheep.	Only one of them, Elizabeth, had married, and perhaps it was her "poor match" that discouraged the others.	Why, Sel, you're grey around your temples."	There was even a certain reluctant approval of this composed, independent niece in his eyes.	Florrie opened the dainty, perfumed note and read it with a face that, puzzled at first, suddenly grew radiant.	Did you ever care anything for me?"	Cecil Thorne's shyly displayed interest in her must have been purely professional.	Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.	For a little while neither of them spoke.	"He's _got_ to get better," she said stubbornly.	How gallantly the maples flaunted their crimson flags!	None of us approved, as I have said, but none of us was so bitter as your Uncle Paul.	Could that be the scrawny little tomboy of ten years ago?	"Of course not," Miss Cynthia said.