She seemed to have put Racicot behind her as one puts by an old garment.	It was the face of a young girl, in shape a perfect oval, with delicate features and large dark-blue eyes.	she cried again.	I don't suppose he has robbed a bank or murdered anybody.	There did not seem to be a great deal in the phlegmatic, good-looking mother.	"That isn't what I mean," said Cousin Myra.	"Why, he's skin and bone.	I did feel that I'd ask nothing better than to go in and buy all the lovely things I wanted, just for once, and give them to the children tomorrow morning.	That kite had the most magnificent tail, too.	Her uncommon beauty won her many lovers, but she had never cared for any of them until Stephen Fair, fifteen years her senior, had come a-wooing to the old, gray, willow-girdled Phillips homestead.	exclaimed Mr. Joseph heartily, "if you don't mind a shakedown by the kitchen fire for the night.	"I don't suppose it makes much difference one way or another.	"Do you think you'll ever regret yon life, my girl?"	The little room was flooded with a mellow light from the pink-globed lamp on the table, and in the soft, shadowy radiance she was as beautiful as a dream.	Christmas morning there was not a single present given or received at "The Firs" except those which Cousin Myra and Mr. and Mrs. Osborne gave to each other.	Such, however, was not forthcoming, and Chester obeyed her command and took himself off to the garret.	She had scores of lovers in spite of her nose.	How much does the mortgage amount to, sir?"	What difference would it have made?	In a minute the room was vacant, except for the stranger.	And she hated to think of seeing Chester go.	Or, how can seven sticks of candy be divided among eight people so that each shall have one?	Before her the sandy shingle, made firm by a straggling growth of some pale sea-ivy, sloped down to the sapphire cup of the harbour.	"It's a splendid thing for me, isn't it?"	"I had an idea you would.	Indeed, deep down in her strange, wayward heart, she had cared for him long before the memorable day when he had first looked at her with seeing eyes and realized that the quiet, unthought-of child who had been growing up at the old Phillips place had blossomed out into a woman of strange, seraph-like beauty and deep grey eyes whose expression was nevermore to go out of Stephen Fair's remembrance from then till the day of his death.	Martin, the man, looked Chester over quizzically.	He took good care to go before you got home too.	said Miss Salome mildly.	We're here for the night.	Mother never cared much for Eliza, I think, but everyone else liked her.	Estella laughed hysterically.	But this Emily refused to be, and the breach between husband and wife widened insidiously.	he whispered.	But she did not altogether think so, and she rang the doorbell unquailingly.	Very likely Nora got her ability and originality from him.	Not a feature of Emily's face changed.	That was why I kept going to school long after the other girls stopped.	Very much changed, like all the rest of us, I suppose.	"'You forget yourself, Mr. Starr, when you speak so to me,' I retorted coldly.	Smiles's clover aftermath.	The storm seemed to reach out and clutch her and swallow her up.	Nothing in the garden was planted quite where it should be, yet withal it was the most delightful spot imaginable.	Margaret did not notice at first.	"I like the idea of giving the small folk of this household a rousing good Christmas for once.	"The doctors won't allow anyone in the room but those he's used to.	He took Chester into a dark, grimy little inner office where a fat, stubby man was sitting before a desk with his feet upon it.	There was only one door in the room and I had all along been facing it.	Ben Butler!	Now Charlotta, having atoned to her conscience for the destruction of the green and yellow bowl by faithfully weeding the garden, a task which she hated above all else, was singing a hymn among the sweet peas, and her red braids were over her shoulders.	"Well, you've all heard of the historic collision between the _Aragon_ and the _Astarte_ in a fog, and the fearful loss of life it involved.	Chester thought he had never in all his life tasted anything so good as that broth.	Please give me something to do."	It's important."	Telford was vainly seeking to nip Galletly's gossip in the bud.	He paused impatiently.	It was my own idea.	But he will be, of course.	She was greatly shocked to find out that he had never said his prayers before going to bed.	It was agreed that the khaki boy's whistling solo was the best number, and Aunt Cyrilla gave him the bouquet of everlastings as a reward of merit.	"Oh, you must--or I shall think you have not really forgiven us.	Miss Cordelia always laughed here.	Ye won't mind giving me a lift down to the Corner, I dessay?"	He must tell Miss Salome, he decided, with a long sigh.	"The hands you've got will fill the kitchen chamber.	He was miserably ashamed of himself, and he felt angry at Estella for his shame.	Over the harbour gleamed the score of lights at Dalveigh.	He hated the place, knowing it well for what it was--a festering hotbed of gossip and malice, the habitat of all the slanderous rumours and innuendoes that permeated the social tissue of the community.	The Girl leaned forward.	You've got some real silly pride about you, Lucy Rose.	How meagre and small they did look, to be sure, beside that bulgy basket with its cover suggestively tied down.	When Mr. Stearns failed to appear on the morrow, Mrs. Elwell was quite likely to march up and demand the amount of Chester's wages.	In spite of his pluck, his heart began to fail him.	But 'twas worth the money to see the old fellow's face.	Miss Cordelia had thought of converting her field into a playground for the factory children and asking detachments of them over on Saturday afternoon.	He said our stories were all second-hand stuff.	Chester vaguely wondered if this could be what Aunt Harriet had been wont to call a "judgement."	Emily heard Amelia's startled exclamation.	I'm sick of seeing you standing there, on one foot or t'other, like a gander."	"But he began to get in debt when his wife took sick.	He was that most despicable of created beings, a male gossip, and he spent most of his time travelling from house to house in the village, smoking his pipe in neighbourly kitchens and fanning into an active blaze all the smouldering feuds of the place.	Everybody on the mainland had relations; why hadn't we?	said Estella fiercely.