"I agree with you that we must fight, but the Mimbreno warriors follow Mangus Coloradus and will for as long as he is chief.	CHAPTER TEN _A Chief Dies_ Sitting on a hillock beside Victorio, Geronimo's restless eyes sought the valley beneath, the next hill, and the hills beyond.	They rode into the Chiricahua encampment just in time to see the women and children, with an escort of warriors, leaving.	It looked as though they intended to have a hand-to-hand fight with them.	Would Chief Gray Wolf speak with me?"	This he had done in the hope that he might discover some powerful medicine which would make sure the defeat of the _rurales_ responsible for the massacre.	Naiche asked, stepping closer to Geronimo.	Horses that had become both weary and thirsty stood with heads raised and nostrils flared.	But don't dash off in all directions thisaway."	"He would," said Ana.	"Victorio broke out?"	[Illustration] Though the Apaches were usually at war with the Mexicans, they had arranged a peace so that they might have their great annual trading party, or _fiesta_, in Mexico.	"I and those who follow me are almost ready to make a break for freedom too."	"I will fight the _rurales_ who killed my wife, my mother, and my children," Geronimo said stubbornly.	This he did so that the wires would not dangle, making it easy for soldiers to find and repair the break.	"We have a wise chief," thought Geronimo, as Delgadito's plan became clear to him.	"Then go to Chief Gray Wolf and say Geronimo will come in four days."	The two little girls had embraced when the Mexicans overtook them, and had fallen with their arms still about each other.	A pair of crested quail, feeding on insects in the grass, merely glanced up when he passed and went on feeding.	An owl hooted three times, and Naiche said, "The signal.	Bascom said we Chiricahuas had stolen a boy named Mickey Free and some cattle.	"Make him well."	"And I know we shall return for we go against Mexicans.	"It is nothing," said Lieutenant Gatewood.	He still likes to hunt and has done so in most parts of the United States and Canada, although he has exchanged his rifles and shotguns for cameras.	For a moment Geronimo was too surprised and delighted to move.	They would also see that the stolen horses had been started northward, toward the home of these Apaches.	Twenty or more youngsters, who couldn't contain their own bubbling spirits and wouldn't restrain their lively ponies, led the main column by half a mile.	Geronimo thought she was so lovely that the most dazzling maidens of the Mimbreno or any other tribe were drab beside her.	Geronimo said, "It has come to my ears that Chief Gray Wolf killed all the followers of Benito.	"I will ride, but only when Mangus Coloradus says to.	"Yet, less than eighteen months after Cochise has gone to join his ancestors, all his people have been rounded up by troops and shipped to a new reservation.	He could still see neither soldiers nor the telltale dust cloud to indicate any were coming.	Not half a dozen men in the village could stay on the back of Delgadito's war horse.	The doctor was a slender man, not young enough so that his hair was all dark but not old enough so that it was all white.	I have since learned that the Americans keep millions of slaves themselves!"	Geronimo asked, "What would you talk about?"	He told me himself that Chief Gray Wolf never would have come to the Sierra Madres if he, Chato, had not gone raiding into Arizona.	But the eyes of all, even the two children, blazed with fury.	"I have ridden this far to ask you to go with us."	They said they wished only to trade and talk, but once among us they attacked without warning!	Others prepared freshly killed meat, but they were not working over the carcasses of elk, deer, and antelope.	In turn, we killed our white prisoners."	They saw Mangus Coloradus in the center of the village surrounded by a group of his people.	He had acted as a warrior should; he would take his punishment like a warrior.	Even as he shot at them, Geronimo could not help admiring soldiers such as these white men.	He shot at me, and I shot at him, but I do not know if I hit him.	"Mangus Coloradus points that out," Geronimo said.	They made their way to where Mangus Coloradus, Cochise, and Whoa awaited the eight townsmen.	Some carried hidden pistols, and a few had carbines, or short rifles, thrust inside their breeches.	As Geronimo knew, there was good reason for this hate.	When all the raiders were mounted, Nadeze and Sanchez left the others.	We did not bring the same chief from Janos that we took to the medicine man."	"It is true that many thirst for my blood," Geronimo said thoughtfully.	Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.	"What saw you?"	"I did not say that," said General Crook.	Soon they heard the pounding of horses' hoofs.	They accepted our help when it was needed.	This, however, was not the time to do it.	There are two interpreters, Jose Maria and Tom Horn."	"That is agreeable," said Lieutenant Gatewood.	He and seven other troublemakers were chained together.	Geronimo sought the wickiup where he had left his family.	Leveling pistols, they said something Geronimo could not hear but was obviously menacing.	Mangus Coloradus addressed the uniformed officer: "_Buenas tardes, Señor Rurale._ We would trade."	Geronimo said, "He lives much in the spirit world.	They were so many that they seemed a living carpet over the five-acre clearing in which they were catching grasshoppers.	They turned their heads this way and that, stamped their hoofs, and blew through their nostrils.	When the _rurales_ were four hundred yards away they stopped to fire.	But it is as though every dead white man is a seed from which two more spring up."	"That is true, but whether we capture or parley is for the chiefs to say.	"Return?"	There was a fight coming up.	"I am glad Loco has come with his people, and Benito, and Nana, and Mangas, and Chato, and Naiche."	He smacked his lips again.	Nor had he understood since.	"I give a weapon to whoever will ride with me and meet the _rurales_ who murdered our people."	"A natural thing," Victorio agreed, "and for many days he was ill.	"Are you ready?"	"Why are you here?"	He continued: "Meanwhile a white chief named Irwin, who outranked Bascom, came to Apache Pass.	He found a place behind the breastworks on the heights and waited.