Considerably later in the day The Thinking Machine called Grayson to the telephone again.	"Nor that," retorted Grayson.	My plans are large; I have millions at stake; and the greatest secrecy is absolutely essential.	he asked The Thinking Machine.	True, this floor is not occupied; but someone might pass this way and disturb it.	"Your telephone a moment, please," he requested.	"Millions!"	"No one, except my stenographer."	The Thinking Machine fumbled with some keys, then opened the way.	But my plans became known, and when I began to unload everything was snapped up by the opposition, with the result that instead of gaining control of the road I lost heavily.	They passed down through the roof and into the darkness of the hall of the upper story.	She hardly moved for two hours."	"Perhaps that will enlighten her."	demanded the scientist.	"Well, who is in your confidence?"	Then gradually, as he realized the import of what he read, there came a hardening of the lines about his mouth.	Grayson seemed suddenly discomfited.	The young woman glanced up into his face frankly, yet with a certain timidity, took the envelope, and turned it curiously in her hand.	The Thinking Machine went to a desk, addressed an envelope, folded a sheet of paper, placed it inside, then sealed it.	"Write something on it," he directed Hatch.	"Why, it's a blank sheet!"	That was all.	"Or signaled to someone through the window?"	he grumbled half aloud.	Quinton Frazer, the banker who gave me the letter of introduction to you, told me how you once solved a remarkable mystery in which----" "Yes, yes," interrupted the scientist shortly, "the Ralston Bank burglary--I remember."	Then I dictated to her, as I always do, some short letters of instructions to my agents.	You want to know where the leak is.	she demanded.	Far below them the slumber-enshrouded city was spread out like a panorama, streets dotted brilliantly with lights, and roofs hazily visible through mists of night.	he inquired.	That will be best.	The scientist turned suddenly toward Grayson, who had witnessed the incident with frank astonishment in his eyes.	"Well, of course, I didn't," said Grayson.	Grayson lighted a fresh cigar and settled back in his chair patiently.	asked the reporter.	"I'll leave the rest of it to you."	These he spread on the roof beside him; then, kneeling again, began his work.	demanded The Thinking Machine.	"No."	"Of course!	The Thinking Machine stood impatiently looking on, watch in hand.	"Are you sure?"	"So I came to you to enlist your aid in something which is more inexplicable than that," Grayson went on hesitatingly.	And again he shook his head.	Grayson asked a dozen questions, answers to which were curtly denied, then went to his office.	Therefore, I never mention my plans to anyone--never--to anyone!"	& X. deal.	he demanded.	"I want the best telegraph operator you know.	"Yes."	"I shall not pretend to understand all that," said The Thinking Machine curtly.	Finally, The Thinking Machine rose.	"Or called up a friend on the telephone?"	I gave it to her last Christmas."	His head was turned away from the reporter, but his ear was within a few inches of the machine.	"I believe it.	inquired the financier.	The room was still unfurnished, save for the telephone box on the wall.	he went on after a moment.	They passed along through the city room, at that moment practically deserted, until finally the watery blue eyes settled upon a typewriter with the name emblazoned on the front.	"But when she finished the letters, she went out?"	His face became suddenly alert.	"That's the wire you want, Mr. Hatch," he said.	he asked briskly.	"It is very important."	repeated Grayson.	"No," replied the financier grimly.	"Well, take this last case," said the financier earnestly.	She has been in my employ for six years in the same capacity--more than five years before this leak appeared.	warned The Thinking Machine.	Miss Winthrop made no plea--merely bowed and went out.	she remarked, puzzled.	"Here are the wires," Hatch said at last, and he stooped.	Van Dusen, distinguished scientist, and Hutchinson Hatch, newspaper reporter, were poking round among the chimney pots and other obstructions on the roof of a skyscraper.	Above, the infinite blackness hung like a veil, with starpoints breaking through here and there.	Grayson was in his private office, Miss Winthrop at her desk, when the first call came.	"It's a clique," explained the financier, "with millions back of it, headed by Ralph Matthews, a young man to whom I give credit for being the prime factor against me."	"It might be improbable, but not impossible.	At one o'clock," the scientist went on, "you must issue orders for a gigantic deal of some sort; and you must issue them precisely as you have issued them in the past; there must be no variation.	Hatch opened a small handsatchel and removed several queerly wrought tools.	The financier opened the sheet, which had remained folded in his hand, and glanced at what was written there.	Unless you know the Street, you can't imagine what a tremendous disadvantage it is to have someone know your next move to the minutest detail and, knowing it, defeat you at every turn."	Hatch smiled whimsically at the other end as he heard the receiver banged on the hook--smiled because he knew the eccentric ways of this singular man, whose mind so accurately illuminated every problem to which it was directed.