Her sharp little nails bit into the flesh of his fingers.	.	"It's impossible!	For a little time no one spoke--merely gazed--and finally: "Mr.	"Give me 21845 River, New York.	I know where they come from; you can't find out.	the detective repeated.	"Then, my dear, then we shall begin to worry."	.	She was shaken by a paroxysm of sobs.	Not knowing what was in that grip Mr. Birnes was curious to see what came out of it.	E. van Cortlandt Wynne,'" Mr. Latham read aloud, and every man in the room moved a little in his chair.	"You are sure, Haney?"	Half an hour passed; the little bell was silent; Claflin and Sutton were still visible from the window.	"You are quite right," he agreed; and then, to all of them: "It's hardly necessary to dwell upon the value of colored diamonds--the rarest and most precious of all--the perfect rose-color, the perfect blue and the perfect green."	He lounged along the street, watching her with keen interest, fixing her every detail in his mind.	"And now, you ask, where do they come from?"	He understood what I was trying to do, and fell in with the plan.	The diaphragm dropped and rolled away.	Mr. Czenki was leaning forward in his chair, gripping the arms fiercely, with his lips pressed into a thin line.	The rough, inert pebbles silently attested the obvious manner of death which simultaneously forced itself upon the three men--the cowardly blow of an assassin, a dying struggle, perhaps, for the contents of the box, and this--the end!	"What does he look like--this man who gave them to you?	Yes.	He stared dumbly, first at Mr. Czenki, then at Mr. Schultze.	"This is to remind you of it."	"Not to-day, no," he responded.	At last the German came to his feet slowly with a sigh.	"On the level, Boss, I don't know," he whined.	He straightened up again and the deep earnestness of his face relaxed a little.	Her soft arms found their way about his neck, and she drew his face down and kissed him; then, without a word, she entered the room and closed the door.	"I dare say the suite just above is habitable, and the maid is at your service."	"Why should they--" "I had expected it all, of course," he interrupted, "and it doesn't disturb me in the least.	Do you see it?"	One very large diamond was found in 1855 at Manchester, across the James River from Richmond, Virginia.	suggested Mr. Czenki.	It comes down simply to this: If there were _only_ sixty thousand dollars' worth of diamonds then the one motive which Czenki might have had is eliminated; because Haney had practically fifty thousand dollars' worth of them, and here are some others.	The beady black eyes were alight with some emotion which he failed to read.	"In California, in North Carolina, and in Hall County, Georgia," replied the expert readily.	exclaimed Mr. Solomon almost fiercely.	I'll call and see you to-night about eight.	Come here to the window a minute."	Mr. Birnes paused long enough to congratulate himself upon his marvelous acumen, and then he approached the driver.	"Carriers!"	He resumed his position at the end of the table, and Mr. Schultze sat beside him.	There was a long pause.	There was not a sound; no one moved.	And meanwhile the heads of the five greatest jewel houses in New York were assiduous in their search for that copperplate superscription in their daily mail.	You remained there until five, or a few minutes past, then returned home.	At eight you--" "Is that sufficient?"	There are only five of them in the world, they are precisely alike, and they are yours.	Now answer me a question, please.	"The diamonds!"	He paused an instant to study this little man with an interest aroused by the sum of his salary.	Of course!	Uncut diamonds, valued roughly at fifty thousand dollars, were found in his possession.	He dropped into his chair, and opened the envelope with eager fingers.	These men, or others from the same agency, are here all the time.	I beg of you to accept them with my compliments."	Could it be possible?	She has been accustomed to hearing from her grandfather at least once a day by telephone, but she was unable to get an answer either yesterday or to-day, so she came to my home, and together we came out here."	And now the three jewels lay side by side in Mr. Czenki's open hand, the while the five greatest diamond merchants of the United States glutted their eyes upon them.	Mr. Birnes reentered the room, his face aglow with triumph.	There is not the slightest variation in value if the stone is perfect.	Is he wealthy?"	Mr. Birnes  readily understood this much, yet there was a chance--a bare chance--that he might trace the girl on the 'L,' in which case--anyway, it was worth trying.	inquired Chief Arkwright abruptly.	He regarded the coroner's physician, hastily summoned for a perfunctory examination.	"Don't hit me again."	And, gentlemen, I don't care to do it."	I wouldn't tell them, because it was not desirable that they should deal directly with Mr. Kellner, who was old and childish, and lacking, perhaps, in appreciation of the real value of diamonds.	He arose as if to go.	.	"Doris!"	The chief sat down again and crossed his fat legs.	"And this!"	Mr. Wynne was perhaps some twenty feet from the corner of Thirty-fourth Street and Fifth Avenue when Mr. Birnes passed him.	It seemed to be quite enough for Mr. Birnes to know.	Late in the afternoon of the following day a drunken man, unshaven, unkempt, unclean and clothed in rags, lurched into a small pawnshop in the lower Bowery and planked down on the dirty counter a handful of inert, colorless pebbles, ranging in size from a pea to a peanut.	"I done that same."	"Sit down," advised the chief quietly.	"Well, he puts the proposition to me," Haney continued circumstantially, "an' I falls for it.	"And _why_ don't you believe it?"	"There are a great number of them, and they are worth--they are worth a large sum of money.