Before there was time for anybody to express an opinion on what I had done, a big bespectacled, bushy-headed man rushed over, and, shoving me out of the chair, exclaimed: "Get up!	Suddenly he cried: "Halt!"	The most striking example of John Brown's magnetism and imagination was his "heavenly march"; I shall never forget how it impressed me when I heard it.	He opened his sermon in the usual way; then, proclaiming to his listeners that he was going to take them on the heavenly march, he seized the Bible under his arm and began to pace up and down the pulpit platform.	"Shiny" was considered without question to be the best speller, the best reader, the best penman--in a word, the best scholar, in the class.	- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.	The difference was especially noticeable in their speech.	His warnings to sinners were truly terrible.	You still think that the only spot on earth?	For an instant I was afraid to look, but when I did, I looked long and earnestly.	But before we reached Paris my respect for our train rose considerably.	Then dropping his tone of irony, he continued with some show of eloquence: "But, above all, when I am discouraged and disheartened, I have this to fall back on: if there is a principle of right in the world, which finally prevails, and I believe that there is; if there is a merciful but justice-loving God in heaven, and I believe that there is, we shall win; for we have right on our side, while those who oppose us can defend themselves by nothing in the moral law, nor even by anything in the enlightened thought of the present age."	We turned into one of the cross streets and mounted the stoop of a house in about the middle of a block between Sixth and Seventh Avenues.	Most of these celebrities I had never heard of.	I felt that the psychic moment of my life had come, a moment which, if lost, could never be called back; and, in as careless a manner as I could assume, I sauntered over to the piano and stood almost bending over her.	There was also another set of white people who came frequently; it was made up of variety performers and others who delineated "darky characters"; they came to get their imitations first hand from the Negro entertainers they saw there.	There was a red lantern at the iron gate to the area way, inside of which the Chinaman's name was printed.	In this way I passed three years which were not at all the least enjoyable of my life.	For a long time King David, with Samson a close second, stood at the head of my list of heroes; he was not displaced until I came to know Robert the Bruce.	The Londoner seems to think that Americans are people whose only claim to be classed as civilized is that they have money, and the regrettable thing about that is that the money is not English.	I shall never forget how hard it was for me to get over my feelings of surprise, perhaps more than surprise, at seeing her with her black companion; somehow I never exactly enjoyed the sight.	I do not think so.	I had no clothes except what I had been able to gather together at my benefactor's apartments the night before we sailed.	"Please repeat."	"Fate me!"	Down here in the South we're up against facts, and we're meeting 'em like facts.	They watched my fingers and asked what kind of music it was that I was playing, where I had learned it, and a host of other questions.	I know personally of one case in which money to the extent of thirty or forty thousand dollars and a fine house, not backed up by a good reputation, after several years of repeated effort, failed to gain entry for the possessor.	But there is one thing I did not mention: among Negroes themselves there is the peculiar inconsistency of a color question.	After reading the Bible, or those parts which held my attention, I began to explore the glass-doored bookcase which I have already mentioned.	I knew that I could not speak, but I would have given a part of my life to touch her hand with mine and call her "sister."	If he has been, it is equally useless, for he understands more than words could convey.	In thus traveling about through the country I was sometimes amused on arriving at some little railroad-station town to be taken for and treated as a white man, and six hours later, when it was learned that I was stopping at the house of the colored preacher or school teacher, to note the attitude of the whole town change.	I walked along listlessly until I met a colored man who had the appearance of a preacher.	Generally, in the morning after I had attended a performance, I would sit at the piano and for a couple of hours play the music which I used to play in my mother's little parlor.	I wish only to give briefly the impressions which that wonderful city made upon me.	At the end of the act I noticed that my neighbor on the left was a young girl.	When I had carefully locked my trunk, I tiptoed toward the door with the intention of going out to look for a decent restaurant where I might get something fit to eat.	It is strange how in some things honest people can be dishonest without the slightest compunction.	He struck the attitude of a pugilist and thundered out: "Young man, your arm's too short to box with God!"	The leader and the congregation begin with part-singing:   _Steal away, steal away,   Steal away to Jesus;   Steal away, steal away home,   I ain't got long to stay here._ Then the leader alone or the congregation in unison:   _My Lord he calls me,   He calls me by the thunder,   The trumpet sounds within-a my soul._ Then all together:   _I ain't got long to stay here._ The leader and the congregation again take up the opening refrain; then the leader sings three more leading lines alone, and so on almost _ad infinitum_.	There did come a radical change, and, young as I was, I felt fully conscious of it, though I did not fully comprehend it.	I rushed breathlessly back to the school.	The chance came a day or two later.	My affection for him was so strong, my recollections of him are so distinct, he was such a peculiar and striking character, that I could easily fill several chapters with reminiscences of him; but for fear of tiring the reader I shall go on with my narration.	He spoke to no one, but sat languidly puffing cigarettes and sipping a glass of beer.	My benefactor, humoring my curiosity and enthusiasm, which seemed to please him very much, suggested that we take a short walk before dinner.	We are the race, and the race ought to be judged by us, not by them.	As I remember him now, I can see that time was what he was always endeavoring to escape, to bridge over, to blot out; and it is not strange that some years later he did escape it forever, by leaping into eternity.	I glanced around the apartment and saw that it contained a double bed and two cots, two wash-stands, three chairs, and a time-worn bureau, with a looking-glass that would have made Adonis appear hideous.	VIII On the day following our night at the "Club" we slept until late in the afternoon; so late that beginning search for work was entirely out of the question.	We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.	The path is based on the etext number (which is identical to the filename).	The house was run by a short, stout mulatto man, who was exceedingly talkative and inquisitive.	He threw a dollar on the table and said: "Shoot the dollar."	Finally the conversation drifted to politics; then, as a natural sequence, turned upon the Negro question.	Beside London Paris becomes a toy, a pretty plaything.	Several of the women smoked cigarettes, and with a careless grace which showed they were used to the habit.	I stood watching this pool game until I was called by my friends, who were still in the bar-room, to go upstairs.	Its existence is rarely admitted and hardly ever mentioned; it may not be too strong a statement to say that the greater portion of the race is unconscious of its influence; yet this influence, though silent, is constant.	During this time we were drawn together a great deal by the mutual bond of music.	Whether it was my companion's suggestion or some latent dare-devil strain in my blood which suddenly sprang into activity I do not know; but with a thrill of excitement which went through my whole body I threw a twenty-dollar bill on the table and said in a trembling voice: "I fate you."	I took a chair on the opposite side of the table and began to sip a glass of the wine.	They sprang into immediate popularity and earned small fortunes, of which the Negro originators got only a few dollars.	"Colonel," said the Texan, as he reached into his handbag and brought out a large flask of whisky, "you might argue from now until hell freezes over, and you might convince me that you're right, but you'll never convince me that I'm wrong.	There was a door-keeper at this room, and we were admitted only after inspection.	There was none of that heavy-tongued enunciation which characterizes even the best-educated colored people of the South.	Perhaps some day, through study and observation, you will come to see that evil is a force, and, like the physical and chemical forces, we cannot annihilate it; we may only change its form.	Even at a tender age, in playing I helped to express what I felt by some of the mannerisms which I afterwards observed in great performers; I had not copied them.	I, too, might have taken part in a work so glorious.	There was a large, round table in the center, at which five or six men were seated playing poker.	It was this surly, black despot who held sway over her deepest emotions.	I know the South claims that it has spent millions for the education of the blacks, and that it has of its own free will shouldered this awful burden.	The Texan was somewhat disconcerted, for the argument had passed a little beyond his limits, but he swung it back to where he was sure of his ground by saying: "All that may be true, but it hasn't got much to do with us and the niggers here in the South.	These people have their dances and dinners and card parties, their musicals, and their literary societies.	1.E.6.	The South today stands panting and almost breathless from its exertions.	There is involved not only the question of higher opportunity, but often the question of earning a livelihood; and so I say it is not strange, but a natural tendency.	After dinner we went to one of the summer theatres, and after the performance my friend took me to a large cafe on one of the Grands Boulevards.	This did not entirely satisfy me; I wanted to be taken seriously.	You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net Title: The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man Author: James Weldon Johnson Release Date: February 9, 2004 [EBook #11012] Language: English Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1 *** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK AN EX-COLORED MAN *** Produced by Suzanne Shell, Bradley Norton and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team.	He shook the dice high above his head, and each time he threw them on the table, he emitted a grunt such as men give when they are putting forth physical exertion with a rhythmic regularity.	A half-dozen guests from some of the hotels took seats on the stage to act as judges, and twelve or fourteen couples began to walk for a sure enough, highly decorated cake, which was in plain evidence.