An hour later Louise still sat where the rest had left her.	"No, a thousand times no!	"Yes, I will wait for you, Monsieur, if I am alive."	His face flushed and then paled.	At any rate Vera was anxious to see the man in order to make sure of herself; it was just as well, she thought, to know one's own heart.	"Oh, what children men are to think so much of so small a matter," she continued; "you are not disgraced in my eyes, Sasha; I thank God for two things, the first that it occurred to Paul to vent his spite upon both of us by pricking you with his sword instead of allowing you to be shot down by the guard, and the second that his conceit was so great that he preferred sending you back with a bombastic message to giving you a fatal wound."	Surely the object of love is the happiness and the well-being of the beloved?	During the morning her cousin D'Estreville called.	When the trying evening was over and Louise parted with her sister for the night, Marie took her aside.	whispered Ivan.	"Say that it matters to you personally, Vera, and by all the blessed Saints not all the soldiers of Napoleon shall prevent my returning."	It now became the fashion to apply for commissions for male children as soon as born.	CHAPTER XXIX.	"Nearly a year, Monsieur.	"But the Barin is the Barin," he observed, "and the priest will obey him.	Her head ached terribly and she felt pain in her breast, doubtless the result of being trodden upon or kicked by a passing horse.	Oh, the sight of him makes me proud to be Russian after all!"	I may say, further, that my heart is disengaged.	On the day of the evacuation of Moscow Vera, sitting at her window and watching the turmoil and movement of the people in the streets below, heard the footsteps of someone running rapidly down the road.	Mademoiselle was doubtless fiancee?	If he survived and remembered the love which he professed to have felt for the daughter of the old _maître d'armes_, oh!	In consequence of this conversation, Sasha actually wrote Vera's address upon a slip of paper which he gave to a trooper in his regiment, bidding him keep an eye upon him and ride back to Moscow quickly, if he should fall, in order to tell the lady named in the written address of what had occurred.	for God's sake speak plainly, Michel."	Louise sat on the ground beside him, her back to the wall, weary to death but sleeping never a wink.	Sasha flushed and looked aggrieved.	The archives, with many treasures from churches and palaces were removed to a neighbouring city.	how proud Sasha would have been of you, of his sweet fiancée, could he but have seen you!"	The conversation was conducted in whispers from this point and Sasha heard no more of it.	As the horses dashed forward both Ivan and Olga jolted back into their places, Olga shrieking with terror, but gripping the board upon which she sat so tightly as to be perfectly secure.	I am received by her father, who is cold, polite, long-winded, unsympathetic.	"Bah!	"Monsieur, prepare yourself for a surprise greater than my own.	"Oh, that old fable!"	It had only now occurred to him, however, that he had either neglected or forgotten to inform Vera that he had not destroyed the document, as agreed upon at their last interview, three years ago.	"You quote imperfectly," Sasha blushed again.	said old Pierre; "is it so?	In this respect she soon found that she was mistaken.	"Oh, Mademoiselle, may that day dawn indeed--and soon!"	"_Chort Vosmee!_" laughed the Tsar, "that is a good story; what, and they have not disagreed, since he recovered?	"You little serpent, for this----" The laughter of his comrades drowned the rest of his threat.	Those whose four walls were still standing found their homes sacked and looted, their possessions ruthlessly destroyed and themselves ruined.	This is not a moment for deceptions, Monsieur; be sure that contract or no contract, I shall marry no one against my will."	Paul de Tourelle had not greatly appealed to Vera's fancy at first acquaintance; she had disapproved of his self-assurance, his confident manner; but Paul had improved of late in these respects, and she had come to see beneath the veneer of mannerism a manliness and strength which she admired.	Then indeed, my friend, you have been little better than a traitor."	I will tell you a secret; when I became substitute for Karl it was indeed in part for your sake, that you might be spared the pain of separation; but there was another motive besides, for I desired to go where Henri went--ah!	I am received by her father, who is cold, polite, long-winded, unsympathetic.	Presently he shut his eyes and swooned.	Lieutenants were to be seen carried about in their nurses' arms and captains rode in perambulators, while majors and colonels of ten and twelve strutted about the streets, to the pride and no small profit of their happy parents.	Good Lord!	"_Mon ami_, hell is behind us, in the shape of Platof and Chechakof and their most damnable Cossacks.	The three horses, harnessed abreast, snorted with terror; they laid back their ears and dragged the light sledge at a hand-gallop.	Well, she has come too soon, she is a child, I will say neither yes nor no to her until I can judge of her when full grown."	"On the contrary, I am confiding to you a great secret which I forbid you to disclose to any living soul.	Even when he had heard it said, this very morning, that the Baron had reappeared, he had scarcely dared to believe it.	"_Vzdor!_ nonsense!	You say that it is better that we should understand one another.	As for your cadets--bah!--you are bigger than the French, perhaps, but clumsier; and your manners compared with theirs--the cadets here, I mean--oh!	Volunteers were called for to attempt the dangerous enterprise.	He led Vera to a window and pointed towards the commercial portion of the city; a thick smoke rose from the quarter indicated.	Mademoiselle, I have been in terror and tribulation about him; I left him near Smolensk, badly wounded in the shoulder, I was driven from him to join the colours and knew not whether he lived or died."	With one hand you seem to give me hope; with the other you take it away again.	1.E.5.	Vera made no secret of her partiality for De Tourelle, whom she liked very much better than any other youth of his standing; but on the rare occasions when Paul hinted that friendship was pleasant but lacked finality, Vera would shake her head and remind him that she was a fiancee.	"I think not, Monsieur.	"God forbid.	I will sleep until four, while you wake; when I have departed you shall sleep, if you will, for a score of hours!"	"Oh, as to yourself, Mademoiselle, I am not deceived; I shall hope to find compensation elsewhere for Mademoiselle's unkindness.	No sooner did the news reach the Russian Commander-in-Chief, old Kootoozof, that Moscow had been abandoned by the invaders, than he issued the following address to his army and the Empire generally:--      "ORDER ISSUED TO THE ARMIES, 31ST OCTOBER.	I am a _Dame de la Cour_; I am privileged to enjoy many opportunities of conversing with his Majesty.	"_Rebyata_," he said, "you can lower your muskets but remain here."	"You rave, D'Estreville," said Louise, growing a little frightened.	I thank you heartily.	We will let her lie.	Vera was overjoyed to see him alive.	"Rascal!"	That was accursed bad luck, indeed!	May the devil claim all shirkers; why are you not with the colours?"	exclaimed Paul, "what is this you say?	"He has touched none of our things--the village has not been destroyed or pillaged; spare the poor wretch, God will requite us," said the woman, who gazed not without admiration at the handsome sleeping face.	Then why am I to be quarrelled with?"	"It is time you allowed me to know how I stand with you.	Henri gave an account of his mishap.	I am not--not the kind that Mademoiselle supposes."