You could be an epileptic and not even know it.	Fede said.	Argue, argue, argue.	Gran and Mom, they were always tragic and secretive when I asked them about him.	"Hello?	As it was, Art had to swerve into the parking lane on Mass Ave -- how did he get to Mass Ave?	"I screwed up and now we're both paying the price.	If these guys were the collective memory of the MassPike, that meant that they were performing a service, reducing MassPike's costs significantly.	There was some distant, English rumbling, then Linda giggled.	Shit.	When I finally open the door that leads out onto the pebbled roof, the dawn cool is balm.	Forgetting all about Newton, I try lobbing and then hurling the gravel downward, but it gets taken away, off to neverneverland, and the windscreens remain whole.	I had a bag with me."	Art's comm lit up with a grainy feed from Fede's comm.	How about the Jersey clients?	"What?"	"You got another girlfriend?"	He started comparing it to the new Kingston Pen, where he'd done his six-month bit.	Do they know about the car?"	God, he was lost already -- to avoid him.	Then, suddenly, the chimney gives, its apron swinging up and hitting me in the knees so that I topple forward with it, smashing my chin on its hood.	Linda didn't like to argue -- fight: yes, argue: no.	"All right, Fede, what do you want me to do?"	It's not like they've got this great tradition of staying home and surfing cable or anything."	And Linda's from Los Angeles."	If I averred that Fede and Linda were my boon companions, I'd still be found incompetent -- after all, what competent person threatens his boon companions?	The nurse will be in with your lunch and your meds in a few minutes, then you'll be allowed out on the ward.	No telling what else will come in today.	"Please, stay at your current location.	"And then the cops showed up.	"Don't bother.	"It was beautiful!	The hamsters have hopped off their wheels and are gnawing at the blood-brain barrier, trying to get out of my skull.	Your local definition of attractive and ugly was conditioned by the people around you at puberty.	Why am I so damned eager to be rescued from my rooftop aerie?	"All right, sir, all right, here you are."	She smiled shyly, then pitched forward and vomited copiously and noisily between her knees.	After seeing the first puker, Audie went quiet and thin-lipped, leaving nothing but Alphie's enthusiastic gurgling as counterpoint to my tour.	That sounded like a doozy of a phone conversation, though.	Art shakes his head.	You just wish that the little climaces could be taken as read, that the director would trust the audience to know that Our Hero really does wade through an entire ocean of shit en route to the final showdown.	"What if I don't please?	Linda's face had gone rabid purple, madly pinched, spittle flecking off of her lips as she spat out the words.	There's a competency hearing at the end of the week."	"She told me you'd say that."	How're things in London?"	The geniuses and lunatics to whom the local doctrine tastes wrong.	"Who, me?	I peer over the building's edge, down into the parking lot.	"Whatever -- I've been having a nice chat with Constable McGivens.	I've tried dropping more pebbles, but the winds whip them away, and I've learned my lesson about half-bricks.	He liked to work out, and had a tight waist and a gut you could bounce a quarter off of, and liked to wear tight shirts that showed off his overall fitness, made him stand out among the spongy mouse-potatoes of the corporate world.	I paced my small room, smelled the cheerful flowers my cousins brought last week when they visited from Toronto, watched the horizon for signs of a breaking dawn.	I could use a change of scenery about now, anyway."	This is about you and --" he consulted his comm, "Fede and Linda.	It's your cousin!"	Why the fuck should I care if you don't, huh?	I left something out of my inventory: pebbles.	Fede had been with McKinsey for most of his adult life, and he was superparanoid about being exposed and disgraced in their ranks.	"Yes.	After ten minutes of crypto-Tourette's, the comm announced that he'd been sufficiently random and prompted him for a passphrase.	He jabbed down with it and I felt a prick.	"Sorry, sorry.	Art signalled the counterman for their bill.	We'll negotiate a separate payment from Jersey for this -- after all, this is outside of the scope of work that we're being paid for -- and we'll split the money, down the middle.	"That's *nasty*!"	Why won't you just take a second to check?	His mind meandered through a solution to this, a timer-equipped pillcase that reset when you took the lid off and chimed if you took the lid off again before the set interval had elapsed.	He explained things as best as he could to Gran while Linda repacked her backpack, and then saw Linda off in a taxi.	I'll just lie down and nap now, all right?	"Audie?"	"This is great stuff.	I got mugged last night.	Art lowered it to the ground, felt himself blushing.	"Do you do.	This is big.	And it was, loose and supple the way it did after a good workout.	This isn't fair."	They worked side by side, but still used the collaboration tools that Art had grown up with, designed to allow remote, pseudonymous parties to fit their separate work components into the same structure, resolving schedule and planning collisions where it could and throwing exceptions where it couldn't.	"There's a deal, there's a deal.	"Stress!	It's useful and pleasant, but you can't put your trust in institutions -- otherwise you get Nazism."	I surrendered.