Go back for an ambulance, Bill.--Hold up, sir; he won't be long.	Explanations revealed that the man had, in truth, started from Berber in company with an English bimbashi, and that the bimbashi's camel had certainly arrived, but not the bimbashi.	Seeing that a succulent human being had remained behind for their delight, the great majority remained also, very few resuming the pursuit of the sledge.	"If so, let it be clearly understood I won't stand any insubordination of that kind.	Could he have made some mistake?	He has been nursing you till yesterday, and nursing you very well too!"	With Thirty Illustrations.	That night Jones, plodding obstinately forward, stumbling, weary, only half conscious, nearly dead with thirst, struck suddenly into country of a different character from the unbroken sand plain through which he had been travelling up to this moment.	"Then we're going to just sicken him of war."	He travelled on, in despite of the sun, for the camp _could_ not now be far off; and he would have continued to plod forward until he dropped, but that he received before noon a terrible fright, which sent him into cover for many hours of dangerous daylight.	"It's time I did, isn't it?	"Out you go!"	exclaimed the bimbashi, for even his baked brain was able to comprehend the significance of the change.	That is the first crisis of bear-spearing, and a dangerous one it is, for should the hunter fall upon his back, the bear would fall over him, to tear and maul at his discretion, or until his own terrible wound put an end to his power to do mischief.	The bimbashi has taken the field!	Together they hunted the wily lynx, pursuing it on snowshoes until they tired it out and "treed" it; or attacked the sleepy bear in his den, disturbing his winter's rest with the rude awakening of the long pole, and smashing in his brain with axe or bullet as he rushed out to wreak his vengeance upon the destroyers of his peace.	I'm going away for a couple of days to see my pater before he leaves for India.	Fedosia, being a house-serf at the mansion of the manor-lord--for all this happened towards the close of the fourth decade of this century, and in the days of serfdom--and being busy up at the big house, had permitted her eldest daughter, a child of twelve, to wander away into the woods mushroom-hunting, and to take the baby Petka for an airing.	The crowd and hubbub increased; there was some shoving and indications of horse-play.	See here, Joe!"	"How about the firework display?"	It's gone, and can't be found!"	Presently Big John rushed into the lodge and burst out,-- "The governor's sent the soldiers from Fort Russell, and it's got to be stopped."	He would follow it until the British position was reached; it could not be far now.	It had been in existence now for years, and many players who had helped to win it had since then done great things on county grounds, and made names in first-class cricket.	Noel was quite as anxious as Granby that his brother should win the championship medal; and when Granby easily won the long jump, and just contrived to shake off his most dangerous rival, Evans, in the hurdle race, Noel felt certain, with the rest of the school, that the medal was as good as in Granby's pocket.	Here is a young white man whom you made prisoner; whom you set free on the promise of his return; who was arrested by the governor to keep him from returning; and who, rather than break his promise to you, escaped secretly from arrest, and came back to you to face the torture.	The whole crew hung with dread and excitement upon his hourly report.	"It's this hot sun, I expect," said his aunt.	"I will not go, your mercifulness," he said; "and if you will believe my honest word, it were better that you did not slay this wolf either.	"It's a jolly day for footer, and we've got the extra half, so perhaps it's as well this blessed guy did spoil our revolt."	He had seen the huge shark disappear, probably startled, as the two human bodies fell with a great splash before its very nose; then he saw it slowly gliding forward once more, and had dived so as to emerge, if possible, at its shoulder, in order to plunge his knife into the brute's eye and blind him.	He was fed upon bread and milk, and took kindly to the new food, though it was impossible to administer it with a spoon.	"Of course, I couldn't see from where I was standing, but Vincent told me the beggar's bat never came within a yard of the crease; and Vincent isn't the sort of chap to tell a lie for the sake of a wicket.	"How d'you mean?"	For half an hour Peter strolled from thicket to thicket without starting the fury of yesterday.	"You better believe," said the guard who conducted him to the governor's quarters, "he ain't no slouch.	Volkitch was as capable in the matter of ringing and driving a hare as any man that ever wore snowshoes.	One day, however, something occurred which looked rather as though this millennium were at an end.	Half-way across the playground he stopped.	His old dream began to flutter vaguely through his brain.	"Dear brothers," she said, "you both love me so well, and I you, that no other lips but mine shall tell you of the happiness the new year has brought me.	"Every one knows now what's going to happen, and nobody would dare to go and sneak to Chard."	THE END.	For a minute or two the wolfman leaned up against a tree close by, weeping bitterly; then he turned and fled through the forest.	This is especially the case when the weather has been very severe, and food scarce, under which circumstances a wolf becomes wondrously courageous and venturesome; and if the occupant of the sledge keeps his eyes open, he will be pretty sure to be rewarded with a sight of one or two of the grey fellows for whom he has prepared a special charge of large shot.	"Thank Heaven!	"Take care of that cup, Buckle; don't lose it!"	Just because he chooses to think we're such babies that we should blow ourselves up with a pinch of powder.	They returned, therefore, empty-handed, and returned, as it chanced, just in time to have a hand in certain great events which were about to take place on Atbara River.	We're in luck to-night."	Presently there were over twenty.	"_Any one who wants boys to believe that there is a better      writer of boys' books than Mr. R. M. Ballantyne must shout very      loud.	We will come."	He stood and stared, crossing himself and praying, as he declared, for quite a long while, not able to decide what would be the best course to pursue.	said Noel in his weak voice; but Granby either did not or pretended that he did not hear.	Old Dan Mudge was astonished beyond words--so astonished that he omitted to save the lifebuoys with their ingenious appendage, but simply took the two children out and carried them ashore, leaving their peculiar raft to itself and to the mercy of the waves.	"Americans camp there," said the guide, pointing to the distant fires.	This year, however, it seemed likely that the display would not be of the kind previously attempted, but would probably be subjected to an abrupt interruption before it had progressed many minutes.	Peter turned his head round very gradually.	"_Another tale by that accomplished lady writer whose 'Spanish      Brothers' and 'Dark Year of Dundee' are fair samples of her      really superb handiwork._"--CHRISTIAN LEADER.	"However, I shall be in camp by breakfast time;" and his mouth watered over imaginary repasts of tinned meats and tea and other delights.	I nearly walked into his arms!	I shall be all right with my gun.	"Bah!"	"_No boy could be expected to respect another boy who had not      read Ballantyne's bewitching book 'The Coral Island.	"Get into the sledge, Paul, and I'll drag you home," said Peter, "like the hero you have proved yourself."	"Thank Heaven!	"Stop blubbering, you pig," said the subaltern, "and say what you want."	I want to run down town and send off a telegram.	Tut!	"Now go to your work.	Volkitch was as capable in the matter of ringing and driving a hare as any man that ever wore snowshoes.	He could scarcely see; his ears were clogged.	Seventy-two Illustrations.	Never were wolves so disgusted, so disenchanted, as on that painful occasion.	he said; "well?"	hurrah!	Directly in front of the pavilion the ground was raised into a small terrace, round which the whole school had assembled in a dense crowd.	Poor bimbashi!	"We pledge our honour to return," cried Elbridge Harland.	The bimbashi disclaimed any such intention.	"Look at this young man, you John St. Elmo," said Waldo, pointing to Elbridge Harland.