"It's from a *different finger*!"	I didn't know how far I could get, but I thought I owed it to her to try.	"A family secret.	Maybe after a semester or two of electrical engineering it'll make more sense."	Trey was the kid who'd known her brother since third grade and 	whose puberty-induced brain damage had turned him into an utter 	turd.	It didn't give at all.	"And you get service here?	Kurt said, when he finally stumbled out of bed and down the road for his afternoon breakfast coffee.	Mixing truth with lies was a *lot* easier.	"Up there," Alan agreed, and they set off, kicking droplets of dew off the grass beside the sidewalk.	"I'll kill you," he whispered in Davey's ear, almost lovingly.	It's in one of my Da's books."	If it hadn't been dark, he wouldn't have been able to tell it.	"Let's go, okay?"	On a journey.	The kid had put on ten or fifteen pounds since they'd first met, and no longer made Alan want to shout, *Someone administer a sandwich* stat*!	The last thing he wanted was to write an autobiography.	He was downslope, and so Drew was able to bridge the distance between them very quickly -- he was almost upon Felix when a third stone, bigger and faster than the others, took him in the back of the head with terrible speed, making a sound like a hammer missing the nail and hitting solid wood instead.	She popped the lid and looked in and wrinkled her nose.	His skin had gone to deep creases lined with soot, his eyes filmed with something that looked like pond scum.	And when he said it, I *knew* it wasn't just a mean little remark, I *knew* it was true.	Since then, he'd nailed up five more, each going more smoothly than the last.	"Well, then, *drive*."	From the outside, it's easy to mistake 'slow' for 'evil.'	Another arm.	"*Fuck* my father," he said.	she murmured into his chest.	Not so's you'd notice.	Davey punched the sofa.	You want a beer?"	He'd only hesitated for a second when Andrew asked him to be the inaugural advisor on ParasiteNet's board, and once he'd said yes, it became clear to everyone that he was endlessly fascinated by their little adhocracy and its experimental telco potential.	They were often bright -- the used bookstore had been full of their type, buying good, beat-up books off the sale rack for 50 cents, trading them back for 20 cents' credit the next day, and buying more.	# "Don't bother," Andy said.	I sold the parts I found in my dumpster for money that I exchanged for parts that someone else found in *her* dumpster --" "Her?"	# They got into Kurt's car at five p.m., just as the sun was beginning to set.	"Absolutely.	"Stop it," he said.	"I still don't understand why we're doing this," Kurt said.	Apparently, the meeting was at an end.	But with the bedroom set would come a kitchen table, and then a bookcase, and a cooker and a fridge, and when they were ready, he could send each brother on his way with the skills and socialization necessary to survive in the wide world, to find women and love and raise families of their own.	"But there's something pretty, oh, I dunno, *ballsy*, about this wireless thing, yeah?	What shapes the negative absence-of-pattern took in the photos.	All of those are good reasons *not* to keep that information.	"God," Alan said.	"Hey," he said, carefully.	The baby was small and cyanotic blue.	*All gone.	She had nothing to worry 	about.	"Fade is a function of geography and topology," the graybeard said quietly.	"You could have told me," he said.	"I've got a couple thousand of these back home, but they're selling briskly.	A lone boy of five or six or seven was suspicious, but let him show up with the tiny hand of his dark little brother clasped in his, quietly explaining each item on the shelf to the solemn child, and everyone got an immediate attitude adjustment.	"God, I love this.	"I really think you should," Alan said.	I could bring it by tomorrow night and you could see it and make up your mind.	she said.	His sobs were louder and harsher than Marci's father's had been.	The other children, their parents are well and they live in town and have lots of advantages that you and your brothers lack.	They helped him to his feet and Breton handed him the knife again.	He knew that.	In the summer, he was the star pitcher on every softball team, and the girls trailed after him like a long comet tail after the games when the other players led him away to a park to drink illicit beers.	She had two short ponytails and a round face that made her look teenage young, but on closer inspection she was more Lyman's age, mid-thirties.	He set it down then, on the railing, balancing it carefully.	Pal of mine once did a CD of Christmas music remixes, and he tried to figure out who owned the rights to all the songs he wanted to use.	The toe of her trailing foot caught the edge of the counter and she began to tumble, headed for a face-plant into the greyed-out industrial carpet.	"What's the message you're trying to convey to me, Link?"	Dale was trying to scream, but with his jaw hanging limp and his teeth scattered, it came out in a rasp.	Her red hair fallen from her loosened scalp.	"See?"	"You don't remember?"	Was he?	And he didn't say anything about it.	The first time, they just stood in silence, wiping their cramped hands on their thighs.	He spun up the flashlight and handed it to her, then yanked his clothes over his wet skin, glaring at the pool while she did the same.	He reached down and took Billy's hand, the way he'd done when it was just the two of them.	Her magnificent wings.	And my father will know what to do."	He realized with a brief shudder that Kurt probably used this flashlight while nipple-deep in dumpsters, had an image of Kurt transferring it from his gloved hands to his mouth and back again as he dug through bags of kitchen and toilet waste, looking for discarded technology.	"And how will I find these ParasiteNet nodes?	He didn't.	"Okay, so pretend that your laptop is the access point.	"I think I should go talk to Krishna."	And he'd never bothered to notice that she was a dead ringer for Marci.