He grins his trademark at me when I come into the kitchen and I grin back.	Linus is the first one home, and he nearly decapitates himself on the taut line as he cruises past on his bicycle.	I give him a quarter.	I hand him up my bag, and he does a fast-paw through the junk.	Megafun.	The flames are on the roof, now, and I'm inside my own world, watching them.	If he'd been aboard, it would've queered the whole deal.	I'm skinny and haunted and stubbly and gamey.	"Take it in trade?"	And so on.	I wake up nearly twenty hours later, and my knee feels like it's broken into a million pieces, which it is.	Everybody's smiling.	Eventually, she's lying with her head in my lap, and I can feel my robe slip underneath her, and I'm pretty sure my dick is hanging out underneath her hair, but none of it seems to matter.	See paragraph 1.C below.	He wanted to stay there, acting as a guide through the maze of bureaucracy you had to navigate to get a refund when you bought the dangerous, overpriced shit they sold.	Praise the bugouts.	"Here, here, take this too."	I count off streets as we fly low, the autopilot getting ready to touch down at Aristide, only 70 kay away.	I rise with the sun and the dew and the aches of a cold night on a mattress of clothes and towels.	"I'm too pretty to make it in there."	I end up in a pair of insulated overalls with one leg slit to make room for my knee/soccerball.	Which is his prerogative, since this is his place I'm staying at, here in a decaying Rosedale mansion gone to spectacular Addams Family ruin, this is where he took me in when I returned on my bike from the ghosttown of Niagara Falls, where I'd built a nest of crap from the wax-museums and snow-globe stores until the kitsch of it all squeezed my head too hard and I rode home, to a Toronto utterly unlike the one I'd left behind.	If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable 		under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or 		enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this License, and 		without further action by the parties to this agreement, such 		provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to 		make such provision valid and enforceable.	I've got over fifteen dollars left.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	"Fricken-mother-shit-jesus-fuck!"	I reach into my robe-pocket for my comm and shout "Smile!"	"Art project.	he says, like he thinks he's a showman.	The squib said that he was going aboard the mothaship the day after the ceremony.	Licensor shall not be bound by any 		additional provisions that may appear in any communication from 		You.	"Baby, it's cold outside.	I wait near the back until Stude finishes, then follow at a discreet distance as he makes his way back to his place.	There's a tiny *chuff* and then all the kero seems to catch at once and the whole place is cheerful orange and warm as the summer.	Linus shouts, his happiness dissipating.	But that's not Tony's style; he waits until we're approaching ready, then starts moving toward the door, getting out the harness.	Morons from Scarborough, thought that down in Florida people would be warm and friendly.	"Oh, yeah.	Get a cam and start recording house meetings.	My sister, she's thirty, she's somewhere out west, we think, maybe Winnipeg, she had a boyfriend in highschool who ended up there.	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	Stude can afford it.	Linus comes tripping Noel Coward out of his front door and I feel like kicking his ass.	There are no 		understandings, agreements or representations with respect to the 		Work not specified here.	"This," he says, then sputters.	# Someone stuck a paper flyer under my coffin's door this morning.	"My Daily Road has taken me far from the Points of Excellence, and I feel like my life has been a Barrier to Joy for myself and for many others.	"We had to undertake a task whose nature is.	I watch until the plane moves me out of range, then keep watching from my comm, renting super-expensive sat time on Dad's account.	"Fine day," I echo.	Whyfor the solvent?	I concede defeat.	She doesn't look it, she looks wiped up and wrung out, but hell, I'm pretty fun hungry, too.	"Just askin'.	Open the rooms in the basement, take in some more folks.	I had to rent another coffin to store it all.	I'm next to the door, shivering, and he grins.	Now that we're members of the Confederation, we've got passports that'll take us to *wild* places.	A half-doz of my housemates, new arrivals whose names I haven't picked up yet, are already sitting around the kitchen, stuffing their faces.	# I hit Stude's place about ten minutes after he left for his trip to the mothaship.	He lisps a little when he talks, and he's soft and pudgy, not like Dad, who could orate like a Roman tyrant and had a washboard for a gut.	"We have reached a judgment."	Then Bunny nails her in the ear with a slushball and she dives into a flawless snap-roll, scooping snow on the way for a counterstrike.	I tell him to go, but he won't go.	I spend New Year's there, behind a wall of codeine, and Daisy dips her finger into her glass of fizzy nauga-champagne and touches it to my lips at midnight.	Nice.	# I spend a day kicking at everything foam.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	I start to collect the day's issue, pasting in the pict of Tony and Daisy under the masthead.	Rats-with-wings seagulls circle overhead.	# I'm on a Harbourfront patio with a pitcher of shandy in front of me, dark shades, and a fabbed pin in my knee when the mothaship comes back.	All he knows is that something made the plane very sick.	The good kiddies of Chestnut Ave are now trickling home in twos and threes and looking at the gap in the smile with looks of such bovine stupidity that I stalk away in disgust, leaving the reel bonded to the middle of the road forever.	He stopped into my sickroom this morning as I lay flat on my back on my grimy, sweaty futon, one arm outflung, hand resting on the twisted wreckage of my front wheel.	She puts me down in her chair as gently as an air-traffic controller.	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.net/license).	If this was Dad and Mum, it'd be like we were gathered for a meeting, waiting for the Chairman to give us the word.	"You can't bring down a kite *that* way, frickface.	I turn back into the fire and lose myself in the flickers, and I don't scream at all.	"I need some stuff, Stude."	We are sorry for any concern this may have caused.	The neighbours' is not recognisable as a house anymore.	I pull the foam sweater a little closer, and do up one of the buttons in the middle.