For instance, now, about Gérard.	We had stopped for an instant at the entrance to a small alley of rather dirty stables, and Hewitt, paying apparently but small attention to the stables themselves, had looked sharply about him with his gaze in the air.	"Such as was disturbed have been put right, sir, of course."	"Yes," remarked Merrick, "it would be no trouble at all.	The cashiers knew Laker only by sight, and that not always very distinctly.	"Very good.	=A Word, only a Word.= Translated by MARY J. SAFFORD.	The light was removed, and a policeman went to the door and opened it as soon as the bell rang.	"Yes, I do.	"You say you are not of the club," he said, "but what is there to prove that?	You're a smart lad.	The village constable arrived with his iron handcuffs in substitution for those of cord which had so sorely vexed the wrists of our prisoner, and marched him away to the little lock-up on the green.	By the way, Brett, which paper has the fullest report of the inquest yesterday?	I have told you why; and I knew Holford so well, you know.	When at last Hewitt reached the door again, "What was it?"	The explanation I have given you accounts entirely for the disturbed manner of Miss Garth in the presence of Mellis.	172.	You 'set it to rights,' eh?	As I had expected, there was a box below.	"My old lodgings?"	She stood with a hand on the elder woman's shoulder, and she quickly turned her head away as the two men entered.	This chain the woman unhooked from the door, but still kept the latter merely ajar, as though intending to assure herself still further.	=Margery.= (GRED.)	_Raleigh Westgate_; or, Epimenides in Maine.	But before that he bullyragged me because I had found out that there were other keys knocking about the place that fitted the padlocks on the bullion-room door.	I felt pretty certain that if he were allowed to scribble and sketch as he pleased, sooner or later he would do something that would give me some sort of a hint.	We be Lees, and he is with us.	_Dr.	Now the papers.	1 volume.	"Have you got the stuff, then?"	Arrived for the second time at the bows of the ship, Hewitt turned and made his way along the side to the ladder, and forthwith ascended, followed by Merrick.	Oh, that setting to rights!	"Most of these," he said, "mean nothing at all.	She talked for about a quarter of an hour, and wanted to kiss Mr. Holford, which might have wakened him, before she went to bed.	Here Hewitt proceeded very cautiously, keeping a sharp look-out on either side for footprints on the neighbouring soft ground.	_Witness_: "Certainly not.	That meant that the other end of the rope was attached to some floating object, so that it might be readily recovered.	They were to ask for the householder's 'straight moniker'--Mr. Merston.	"He's a scoundrel," said Mr. Crellan.	Don't you know the man's a boiler-maker by regular trade, and has only taken to stewardship for the last year or two?	They worked only; they were the keepers of the house.	"I rather think they will, now they know where to look.	The squares are denoted by letters along the top margin and figures down the side.	Presently he stopped suddenly, stooped, and deposited his bundle on the ground before him.	_The God in the Car._ By ANTHONY HOPE.	Mr. Crellan turned blankly to Hewitt, but Hewitt kept his eyes on the nurse's face.	"Not on to its face?"	He took the sketch and retired to a corner of his room.	It seemed a curious thing to keep in a baker's cart.	Merrick went first over the ladder at the side, and Hewitt with much difficulty followed.	Then it struck me suddenly--the man was hanged; it was the Hand of Glory!	We _know_ he made the whole round, and did all the collection.	But, of course, that sort of thing sometimes leads people rather far."	But it's odd, isn't it?"	But it is told in so thoroughly delightful a manner, with such playful humor, such delicate fancy, such true and sympathetic feeling, that nothing more could be desired."	"But there's only one little place to let now, I think, and it ain't very grand."	Laker didn't take much in the way of luggage, I fancy.	"Seems to me one doesn't often see a skipper as thick with the steward as that."	The girl hesitated.	When they come out, he arranges the matter with this confederate, who is a well-mannered (and pretty well-known) housebreaker, and the latter calls at Mrs. Lamb's house to look for rooms.	12mo.	The padlock fastened a bar which, when removed, allowed the door to be opened.	It is, in short, a book which no student of modern literature should fail to read."	"Sit down at once, my dear," Mr. Crellan said; "sit down.	There were footsteps outside.	Hewitt asked.	--_London Morning Post._ "In scarcely any of the sensational novels of the day will the reader find more nature or more human nature."	Also that every usual precaution was taken, and the keys were in the captain's cabin; so that he might reasonably be as easy in his mind as the few thousand other second officers who had had charge of hatches and special cargo since the world began.	We're both wearing bowler hats, which is lucky.	The man understood and shook his head, but not another word would he say or another question answer.	And, by the bye, she didn't seem any the better or more composed after Mellis' visit this morning."	Where were the legitimate keys then?"	The two entered a shop, the window of which was set out with rare curiosities and much old silver and gold.	Most I was curious to know why he should have a terror of bread at one moment and eat it ravenously at another.	When we are less busy, and in a quiet place, I'll show you the sketches and explain things generally; there's no time now, and I _may_ want your help for a bit, in which case ignorance may prevent you spoiling things, you clumsy ruffian.	Also it wasn't unreasonable to suppose that there might have been a hook on the end of that line.	What street was he found in?"	To people in a deranged state of mind the mere sight of the means of self-destruction is often a temptation impossible to withstand.	Together they drove off to the meeting-place.	The doctor stood looking thoughtfully down on the Frenchman, who, for his part, stared gloomily, but tranquilly, at the fireplace.	It was a peculiarity of my commission that I could equally well fulfil it by catching the man with all the plunder, or by proving him innocent.	There's some knockin' about now."