When the catch was raised, the dogs were so anxious to get out they pushed and jumped against the gate so hard it flew open, knocking Peterkins and Raggedy Ann into the mud.	Besides Boots was told of the mouse in the corner and how he had eaten Jeanette's wax, so she promised to sleep with one eye open.	"Go get them, Fido, and bring them up so we can see them!"	She awakened with a cry.	I could have cried when I saw her all covered with paint!"	Then the children asked each other where they might get more rags to fasten to the tail of the kite.	"Oh I am so glad I fell in the paint!"	Raggedy Ann, the tin soldier, the Indian doll and all the others--even the four little penny dolls in the spool box.	When Raggedy Ann stopped rolling she waved her apron at the rooster and cried, "Shoo!"	She wished us to know that we could have had all the goodies we wished, whenever we wished, if we had behaved ourselves.	Oh dear!	Raggedy Ann did not sleep a wink, for she shared her bed with Fido and he kept her awake whispering to her.	But such a comical looking Raggedy Ann!	There was nothing to eat upon the table except a turkey, a fried egg and an apple, all made of plaster of paris and painted in natural colors.	Then Marcella told Raggedy Ann to stay there and watch the things.	asked Raggedy Ann.	Annabel-Lee and Thomas were beautiful dolls and must have cost heaps and heaps of shiny pennies, for both were handsomely dressed and had _real_ hair!	The boy with the ball of twine unwound it until the kite and Raggedy Ann were 'way, 'way up and far away.	As each puff of wind caught her the rip widened.	She kicked and twisted as much as she could, but the puppy dog thought Raggedy was playing.	Raggedy Ann tried to climb upon the stone, but by this time the water had thoroughly soaked through Raggedy Ann's nice, clean, white cotton stuffing and she was so heavy she could not climb.	[Illustration] Oh, how her heart beat with happiness.	said Raggedy.	"When you get them good and warm, I would be glad to sit upon the eggs to keep them warm until you get something to eat and drink!"	[Illustration] And Raggedy Ann, with a merry twinkle in her shoe-button eyes, lay back in her little bed, her cotton head filled with thoughts of love and happiness.	He put his nose in the door and looked around.	said Annabel-Lee.	Then she would jump at her and over and over they would roll, their heads hitting the floor bumpity-bump.	We are always very friendly, you know."	In fact, she even went to sleep on the brook, for the motion of the current was very soothing as it carried her along--just like being rocked by Marcella.	"He is not here," he said.	"No!"	said Fido, as he scratched his ear.	Raggedy gave no sign that she had heard, but lay there smiling at the ceiling.	Uncle Clem was made of worsted and the moths had eaten his knees and part of his kiltie.	said Raggedy Ann, "Fido has been watching your kittens for an hour while you were away.	Raggedy Ann tucked them in snugly and lay down upon the hard floor.	Raggedy Ann took two of the kittens and carried them to the house while Mamma Cat carried the other.	said Marcella, "for I felt so lost without you.	There was a nice breeze blowing, so the boy with the twine called, "Let 'er go" and started running.	It was hard work getting Raggedy through the wringer, but Dinah was very strong.	So we can hardly tell when it is day and when it is night."	Then Fido pushed the door open and came into the nursery wagging his tail.	At this the other dolls shook each other and raised up saying, "Listen!	But I just know the fairies will send her back."	said the tin soldier.	I do believe you are covered with jam!"	She doesn't seem to be unhappy!"	Raggedy asked.	Fido asked, when he had satisfied himself that there was no food.	And when Marcella brushed her tears away and looked at Raggedy Ann, flat as a pancake and with a cheery smile upon her painted face, she had to laugh.	She lifted the box away and gave a little squeal of surprise and happiness.	I have never nibbled at anyone's wax face!"	said one old hen.	This she did until the poor little Mamma mouse grew so tired it could scarcely run away from Boots.	We barked at him and Fido thought he was trying to play with us and went up too close and do you know, that wicked man caught Fido in the thing at the end of the stick and carried him to a wagon and dumped him in with a lot of other dogs!"	Quite true.	[Illustration] When Raggedy Ann was thoroughly dry, Mamma said she thought the cake must be finished and she took from the oven a lovely chocolate cake and gave Marcella a large piece to have another tea party with.	And when it came Raggedy's time to be dressed, Marcella was very cross for she had scratched her finger on a pin when dressing the French doll.	Then he would give his head a toss and send Raggedy Ann high in the air where she would turn over two or three times before she reached the ground.	"Secret nothing," replied Fido, "It's kittens!"	said the young fellow, "What had I better do with her?"	They had lemonade with grape jelly in it, which made it a beautiful lavender color, and little "Baby-teeny-weeny-cookies" with powdered sugar on them.	Finally as Boots started to spring after the little mouse again, Raggedy Ann threw her rag arms around the kitten's neck.	all the dolls answered in chorus.	[Illustration] [Illustration] RAGGEDY ANN AND THE KITTENS Raggedy Ann had been away all day.	Fido usually "sang" when he heard music.	"You must be thinking of eggplant!"	said Peterkins, "but I had no way of telling your mistress where Fido was, for she cannot understand dog language!	The other dolls in the nursery lay forgotten and were not put to bed that night, for Marcella lay and sobbed and tossed about her bed.	Raggedy Ann heard some of the boys talk of "The Kite," so Raggedy Ann knew this must be a kite.	Even though her bed was right on top of Raggedy Ann, she could not sleep.	Mamma patted Marcella's hand and soon coaxed her to quit sobbing.	exclaimed Raggedy.	"I want Raggedy Ann."	Raggedy Ann wanted to give the kittens her bed, but Fido, who was anxious to prove his affection, insisted that Mamma Cat and the kittens should have his nice soft basket.	She just hurried home and took off all of Raggedy Ann's wet clothes and placed her on a little red chair in front of the oven door, and then brought all of the other dolls in and read a fairy tale to them while Raggedy Ann steamed and dried.	"Did you ever see such an ungainly creature!"	"That is the trouble with all of us except Raggedy Ann!"	Now Dinah did not know but that Marcella had placed Raggedy in the clothes hamper to be washed, so she soaped Raggedy well and scrubbed her up and down over the rough wash-board.	This time the kite rose straight in the air and remained steady.	"Sh!"	said Annabel-Lee as she primped her dress, "She looks like a scarecrow!"