And all the other dolls smiled at him as he left the room, for they were very happy to know that their little mistress loved him as much as they did.	Perhaps you may have used it for your dollies.	Marcella hung up a tiny stocking for each of the dollies, and placed a tiny little china dish for each of the penny dolls beside their little spool box bed.	said Raggedy Ann.	"There!"	"I am sure I shall!"	It was only when all the dolls had stopped to rest and put the feathers back into the pillow cases that Raggedy Andy discovered he had lost one of his arms in the scuffle.	Raggedy Andy laughed.	Uncle Clem, Raggedy Ann, Henny, the Dutch doll and Susan, the doll without a head, all scrambled up into the pretty red wagon.	Fido answered.	"She can play Peter, Peter, Pumpkin Eater on the toy piano and she can sew!"	"Thank you, Uncle Clem!"	All the dollies looked in his direction.	"It's very easy!"	"I hope their heads were not broken!"	laughed Raggedy Andy.	"Hurrah, for Raggedy Ann!"	His shiny wheels and the pretty yellow wheels of the red wagon creaked so loudly none of the dolls heard the cries of the tiny penny dolls who were too small to climb aboard.	"We'll wrap each piece of taffy in a nice little piece of paper," he said, "then we'll find a nice paper bag, and put all the pieces inside the bag, and throw it from the upstairs window when someone passes the house so that someone may have the candy!"	"It's funny" he said, "that I start moving backward or forward when I try to frisk my tail!"	While waiting for the candy to cool, Raggedy Andy said, "We must rub butter upon our hands before we pull the candy, or else it will stick to our hands as it has done to Henny's hands and have to wear off!"	"Let's have a good romp!"	Raggedy Andy laughed.	Raggedy Andy tried to jump to one side, but forgot that he was on the bed, and he and Uncle Clem went tumbling to the floor.	Then when the house was very quiet, the French doll told Raggedy Andy that most of his smile was gone.	cried all the dolls as joyfully as if the wooden horse had done something truly wonderful.	[Illustration: All sitting together] [Illustration: Fido in a basket] [Illustration: Raggedy Andy and Fido] THE RABBIT CHASE "Well, what shall we play tonight?"	Henny, the Dutch doll, dragged the little square music box out into the center of the room and wound it up.	The Easter bunny put four eggs on to boil and while these were boiling he mixed up a lot of pretty colors.	But when Marcella and I went out to Gran'ma's, last week, Gran'ma met us with a sleigh, for the ground was covered with starry snow.	he said in muffled tones.	But if one looked at Raggedy Andy from the right side, one could not see his smile.	Raggedy Andy had not lived in the house as long as the others; so he did not know the way to the room in which the machine stood.	I heard Mama tell Marcella."	as plain as I hear you!"	"Do you mean crack the whip, Raggedy Andy?"	"Perhaps we can get the things out of the machine drawer!"	he laughed.	A wooden horse, covered with canton flannel and touched lightly with a paint brush dipped in black paint to give him a dappled gray appearance, was one of the presents.	The French doll closed her eyes when put to bed, but the rest of her face did not change expression.	Raggedy Andy heard him chuckling to himself as he went down the stairs.	Mama said to the man.	"Oh, but it really is gone!"	"Raggedy Andy is lopsided with only one arm and he cannot join in our games as well as if he had two arms!"	"If it's lots of fun, then show us how to play the game!"	"How in the world did the bunny get inside the house and into this room without awakening Fido?"	Uncle Clem cried as he helped Raggedy Andy into his waist and buttoned it for him.	"Did I frisk my tail?"	When this happened, Raggedy Andy, Raggedy Ann, Uncle Clem and Henny, who were larger, took the little dolls' candy and mixed it with what they had been pulling until all the taffy was snow white.	said Raggedy Andy.	"I couldn't see!"	They shook her.	"Marcella would lie down upon her back in the snow and put her hands back up over her head, then she would bring her hands in a circle down to her sides, like this."	Raggedy Ann replied.	"I'm so glad you found him!"	Then, just as a little boy and a little girl, who looked as though they did not ever have much candy, passed the house, the dolls all gave a push and sent the bag tumbling to the sidewalk.	Wasn't it lots of fun?"	And Raggedy Andy smiled back at Fido, but never said a word.	the dolls cried.	"Whee!	asked Henny.	They stayed out upon the shiny new tin gutter until it began raining and hoped and hoped that Raggedy Andy could get back up to them.	Raggedy Andy whispered as he patted the two little penny dolls with his soft rag hands.	"Marcella always gets a needle from Mama!"	Raggedy Andy said, "We will look around the bend in the eave!"	"Here's a grand place to have a lovely slide!"	Raggedy Andy looked up into a cheery little round face, with a little red nose and red cheeks, and all framed in white whiskers which looked just like snow.	It will only take a few minutes, so when I return and scratch again to make a nest, please do not bark at me!"	Henny, the Dutch doll, said.	Now Henny and Uncle Clem thought that Raggedy Andy meant for them to let go of his feet and this they did.	Uncle Clem called down the pipe.	The men made quite a lot of noise with their hammers, for they were putting new gutters around the eaves, and pounding upon tin makes a great deal of noise.	It was a rather tight fit, but Raggedy Andy wiggled and twisted until all the dolls could see of him were his two feet.	"Marcella will sew it on in the morning and I will be all right, I'm sure!"	shouted all the dollies.	Through all this Raggedy Andy kept right on thinking his pleasant thoughts, and really did not know he had fallen from the chair.	"Yes, it was full of Easter eggs and colored grasses for the little girl who lives here!"	The medicine was made from brown sugar and water.	Fido replied.	Raggedy Andy asked when he saw that Fido really was wide awake.	For coming to the head of the stairs, they both went head over heels, "blumpity, blump!"	"Oh, indeed we shall!"	said Uncle Clem.