I know my lot--I only ask      Power to fulfil the glorious task;      Willing the spirit, may the flesh      Strength for the day receive afresh.	Streaking the air, the nameless vision,      Fast-driven, deep-sounding, flows;      Oh!	have I ever trembling stood,      And feared to give to God that blood?	But, is it sweet to look around, and view      Thousands excluded from that happiness      Which they deserved, at least, as much as you.--      Their faults not greater, nor their virtues less?	And still the undulating gloom      Mocks sight with formless motion:      Was such sensation Jonah's doom,      Gulphed in the depths of ocean?	In the evening, when we're sitting      By the fire, perchance alone,      Then shall heart with warm heart meeting,      Give responsive tone for tone.	The horrid shade, by slow degrees,      A beam of light defeated,      And then the roar of raving seas,      Fast, far, and faint, retreated.	I know my mountain breezes      Enchant and soothe thee still,      I know my sunshine pleases,      Despite thy wayward will.	If, glancing up, I sought to snatch      But one glimpse of the sky,      My baffled gaze would only catch      Thy heartless, cold grey eye.	O God within my breast,      Almighty, ever-present Deity!	Remember still, she is not dead;      She sees us, sister, now;      Laid, where her angel spirit fled,      'Mid heath and frozen snow.	Kind Heaven!	leaving disappointment here,      Will man find hope on yonder coast?	that Misery should come      In such an hour as this;      Why could she not so calm a home      A little longer miss?	Welcome nights of broken sleep,      And days of carnage cold,      Could I deem that thou wouldst weep      To hear my perils told.	Nor, through long hours of future pain,      Her kind face o'er thee shine?	To toil, to think, to long, to grieve,--      Is such my future fate?	Point not to thy Madonna, Priest,--      Thy sightless saint of stone;      She cannot, from this burning breast,      Wring one repentant moan.	Protected by salvation's helm,      Shielded by faith, with truth begirt,      To smile when trials seek to whelm      And stand mid testing fires unhurt!	And well my dying hour were blest,      If life's expiring breath      Should pass, as thy lips gently prest      My forehead cold in death;      And sound my sleep would be, and sweet,      Beneath the churchyard tree,      If sometimes in thy heart should beat      One pulse, still true to me.	There is a bridge o'er every flood      Which thou canst not perceive;      A path through every tangled wood,      But thou wilt not believe.	But listen!	and never more      Thy sunny smile shall gladden me;      But I may pass the old church door,      And pace the floor that covers thee,      May stand upon the cold, damp stone,      And think that, frozen, lies below      The lightest heart that I have known,      The kindest I shall ever know.	"God help me in my grievous need,      God help me in my inward pain;      Which cannot ask for pity's meed,      Which has no licence to complain,      "Which must be borne; yet who can bear,      Hours long, days long, a constant weight--      The yoke of absolute despair,      A suffering wholly desolate?	Art glad to leave the sea,      And anchor all thy weary woes      In calm Eternity?	But this was impossible: an influence, stronger than could be exercised by any motive of expediency, necessarily regulated the selection.	Yet, hadst thou but one gentle mate      Thy little drooping heart to cheer,      And share with thee thy captive state,      Thou couldst be happy even there.	Ah!	Yet, Helen!	Wouldst thou see thy rival?	What have those lonely mountains worth revealing?	And, wherefore should your hearts more grateful prove,      Because for ALL the Saviour did not die?	But there are hours of lonely musing,      Such as in evening silence come,      When, soft as birds their pinions closing,      The heart's best feelings gather home.	Was I not vexed, in these gloomy ways      To walk alone so long?	A tumult vague--a viewless strife      His futile struggles crush;      'Twixt him and his an unknown life      And unknown feelings rush.	"Yes--I could swear that glorious wind      Has swept the world aside,      Has dashed its memory from thy mind      Like foam-bells from the tide:      "And thou art now a spirit pouring      Thy presence into all:      The thunder of the tempest's roaring,      The whisper of its fall:      "An universal influence,      From thine own influence free;      A principle of life--intense--      Lost to mortality.	though soon life's tale is told;      Who once lives, never dies!"	Though far I roam, that thought shall be      My hope, my comfort everywhere;      While such a home remains to me,      My heart shall never know despair.	"O come!"	Yet, pitying God, abridge the time      Of anguish, now his fate!	Cold in the earth--and the deep snow piled above thee,      Far, far, removed, cold in the dreary grave!	Heavy hangs the rain-drop      From the burdened spray;      Heavy broods the damp mist      On uplands far away.	"And even for that spirit, seer,      I've watched and sought my life-time long;      Sought him in heaven, hell, earth, and air,      An endless search, and always wrong.	Oppressed with sin and woe,      A burdened heart I bear,      Opposed by many a mighty foe;      But I will not despair.	As Gilbert sees his blooming wife,      Beholds his children fair,      No thought has he of transient strife,      Or past, though piercing fear.	The dark deeds of my outlawed race      Will then like virtues shine;      And men will pardon their disgrace,      Beside the guilt of mine.	And yet a little longer speak,      Calm this resentful mood;      And while the savage heart grows meek,      For other token do not seek,      But let the tear upon my cheek      Evince my gratitude!	The hand that lifts the latchet, holds      A candle to his sight,      And Gilbert, on the step, beholds      A woman, clad in white.	There's glory in that daring strife      Unknown, undreamt by thee;      There's speechless rapture in the life      Of those who follow me.	O Sun, in such a glorious sky,      So tranquilly declining;      He cannot leave thee now,      While fresh west winds are blowing,      And all around his youthful brow      Thy cheerful light is glowing!	Warm hands are there, that, clasped in mine,      The warmer heart will not belie;      While mirth and truth, and friendship shine      In smiling lip and earnest eye.	Glad comforter!	So, gilded by the glow of youth,      Our varied life looks fair and gay;      And so remains the naked truth,      When that false light is past away.	I did.	'Tis somewhat late--the city clocks      Twelve deep vibrations toll,      As Gilbert at the portal knocks,      Which is his journey's goal.	Is it the Moon again?	And, oh!	No; while the sun shone kindly o'er us,      And flowers bloomed round our feet,--      While many a bud of joy before us      Unclosed its petals sweet,--      An unseen work within was plying;      Like honey-seeking bee,      From flower to flower, unwearied, flying,      Laboured one faculty,--      Thoughtful for Winter's future sorrow,      Its gloom and scarcity;      Prescient to-day, of want to-morrow,      Toiled quiet Memory.	And this waste of virgin snow      To my sight will not be fair,      Unless thou wilt smiling come,      Love, to wander with me there.	Love is like the wild rose-briar;      Friendship like the holly-tree.	Child of delight, with sun-bright hair,      And sea-blue, sea-deep eyes!	Vain are the thousand creeds      That move men's hearts: unutterably vain;      Worthless as withered weeds,      Or idlest froth amid the boundless main,      To waken doubt in one      Holding so fast by thine infinity;      So surely anchored on      The stedfast rock of immortality.	"New forms and faces, passing ever,      May hide the one I still retain,      Defined, and fixed, and fading never,      Stamped deep on vision, heart, and brain.	"And when the sun too seldom beamed,      The sky, o'ercast, too darkly frowned,      The soaking rain too constant streamed,      And mists too dreary gathered round;      "She told me, Summer's glorious ray      Would chase those vapours all away,      And scatter glories round;      With sweetest music fill the trees,      Load with rich scent the gentle breeze,      And strew with flowers the ground      "But when, beneath that scorching ray,      I languished, weary through the day,      While birds refused to sing,      Verdure decayed from field and tree,      And panting Nature mourned with me      The freshness of the Spring.	Vacant nothingness?	I have been but thy transient flower,      Thou wert my god divine;      Till checked by death's congealing power,      This heart must throb for thine.	I often sat, for hours together,      Through the long nights of angry weather,      Raised on my pillow, to descry      The dim moon struggling in the sky;      Or, with strained ear, to catch the shock,      Of rock with wave, and wave with rock;      So would I fearful vigil keep,      And, all for listening, never sleep.	It would not do--the pillow glowed,      And glowed both roof and floor;      And birds sang loudly in the wood,      And fresh winds shook the door;      The curtains waved, the wakened flies      Were murmuring round my room,      Imprisoned there, till I should rise,      And give them leave to roam.	while we journey on our way,      We'll smile on every lovely thing;      And ever, as they pass away,      To memory and hope we'll cling.	There should be no despair for you      While nightly stars are burning;      While evening pours its silent dew,      And sunshine gilds the morning.	in haste she said,      "'Twas Walter's voice I heard!"	"I saw it sink, and strove to taste it,      My eager lips approached the brim;      The movement only seemed to waste it;      It sank to dregs, all harsh and dim.	On a sunny brae alone I lay      One summer afternoon;      It was the marriage-time of May,      With her young lover, June.	Have human passions, human fears      Severed me from those Pioneers      Whose task is to march first, and trace      Paths for the progress of our race?	Yet, though I cannot see thee more,      'Tis still a comfort to have seen;      And though thy transient life is o'er,      'Tis sweet to think that thou hast been;      To think a soul so near divine,      Within a form so angel fair,      United to a heart like thine,      Has gladdened once our humble sphere.	But Time, though viewlessly it flies,      And slowly, will not stay;      Alike, through clear and clouded skies,      It cleaves its silent way.	There should be no despair--though tears      May flow down like a river:      Are not the best beloved of years      Around your heart for ever?	The sweet moon through your lattice gleams,      And lights your room like day;      And there you pass, in happy dreams,      The peaceful hours away!	Gilbert has reasoned with his mind--      He says 'twas all a dream;      He strives his inward sight to blind      Against truth's inward beam.	And I am weary of the anguish      Increasing winters bear;      Weary to watch the spirit languish      Through years of dead despair.	it was not this.	Even so, Guitar, thy magic tone      Hath moved the tear and waked the sigh:      Hath bid the ancient torrent moan,      Although its very source is dry.	There's none but her to welcome him;      She holds the candle high,      And, motionless in form and limb,      Stands cold and silent nigh;      There's sand and sea-weed on her robe,      Her hollow eyes are blind;      No pulse in such a frame can throb,      No life is there defined.