But, however, Hatfield was most uncommonly audacious, unspeakably complimentary, and unprecedentedly tender—tried to be so, at least—he didn’t succeed very well in _that_, because it’s not his vein.	To conceal my emotion, I buried my face in my hands, and they were presently bathed in tears.	At ten years old, he could not read correctly the easiest line in the simplest book; and as, according to his mother’s principle, he was to be told every word, before he had time to hesitate or examine its orthography, and never even to be informed, as a stimulant to exertion, that other boys were more forward than he, it is not surprising that he made but little progress during the two years I had charge of his education.	It was truly refreshing to hear such a sermon, after being so long accustomed to the dry, prosy discourses of the former curate, and the still less edifying harangues of the rector.	I have to visit a place a mile beyond this; and you would not have me to return in the dark: besides, it has nearly done raining now--so good-evening, Nancy.	I went on with my sewing as long as I could see, and then bade Nancy good-evening; checking her too lively gratitude by the undeniable assurance that I had only done for her what she would have done for me, if she had been in my place and I in hers.	CHAPTER XIX--THE LETTER My father's mortal remains had been consigned to the tomb; and we, with sad faces and sombre garments, sat lingering over the frugal breakfast-table, revolving plans for our future life.	'I've only got the news in this letter, which you stigmatize as dull and stupid, and won't let me read.'	'But then, it isn't everybody that can say that' (a shake of the head); 'but I'm one of the pious ones, Miss Grey!'	Alas!	The first may seem a trifle, but it cost me many a tear: Snap, my little dumb, rough-visaged, but bright-eyed, warm-hearted companion, the only thing I had to love me, was taken away, and delivered over to the tender mercies of the village rat-catcher, a man notorious for his brutal treatment of his canine slaves.	I know not how _you_ do, for Miss Mary Ann's worse by the half nor her sisters!'	‘You, Agnes!	The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	[Picture: Birthplace of Charlotte, Emily and Anne Brontë, Thornton] CHAPTER I—THE PARSONAGE All true histories contain instruction; though, in some, the treasure may be hard to find, and when found, so trivial in quantity, that the dry, shrivelled kernel scarcely compensates for the trouble of cracking the nut.	His masters at school might be able to manage him better--for to school he was sent, greatly to my relief, in the course of a year; in a state, it is true, of scandalous ignorance as to Latin, as well as the more useful though more neglected things: and this, doubtless, would all be laid to the account of his education having been entrusted to an ignorant female teacher, who had presumed to take in hand what she was wholly incompetent to perform.	Such a confession will look very absurd, I fear: but no matter: I have written it: and they that read it will not know the writer.	'"Well, sir," I said, "if I can always think on these things, I think I might well love God: but how can I love my neighbours, when they vex me, and be so contrary and sinful as some on 'em is?"	My bonnet and shawl being on, and a few things hastily crammed into my largest trunk, I descended.	I should be very sorry to receive a charming little lady-like note from any of them; and I thought you were too much of a lady yourself, Miss Murray, to talk about the "vulgarity" of writing on a large sheet of paper.'	I wish I could say as much for mind and disposition as I can for her form and face.	I happened to be in a very good humour just then; but, though I was complaisant and gracious enough, I took care not to compromise myself in any possible way.	Finding arguments of no avail, her father, at length, told the lovers they might marry if they pleased; but, in so doing, his daughter would forfeit every fraction of her fortune.	Unfortunately the two noblemen, Lord G--- and Lord F---, were married, or I might have condescended to be particularly gracious to _them_; as it was, I did not: though Lord F---, who hates his wife, was evidently much struck with me.	I thought you mightn't like it so well--especially as we may have other ladies and gentlemen to dine with us occasionally.'	'Well, mamma, I will.'	So said the teachers of our childhood; and so say we to the children of the present day.	'I heard you had left Horton.'	She was tall and slender, yet not thin; perfectly formed, exquisitely fair, though not without a brilliant, healthy bloom; her hair, which she wore in a profusion of long ringlets, was of a very light brown inclining to yellow; her eyes were pale blue, but so clear and bright that few would wish them darker; the rest of her features were small, not quite regular, and not remarkably otherwise: but altogether you could not hesitate to pronounce her a very lovely girl.	'Well, but it is such a short time.'	she would say, 'you have some trouble with them childer!'	Here was a poser for me.	'In what part of the town do you live?'	'What will she do?'	‘She was at Paris when she wrote, and very well, and very happy.’ She spoke the last word emphatically, and with a glance impertinently sly.	Accordingly, at dinner, I was entertained with a long account of how Mr. Weston had overtaken them as they were walking along the road; and how they had had a long walk and talk with him, and really found him quite an agreeable companion; and how he must have been, and evidently was, delighted with them and their amazing condescension, &c. &c. CHAPTER XVII--CONFESSIONS As I am in the way of confessions I may as well acknowledge that, about this time, I paid more attention to dress than ever I had done before.	The next family must be different, and any change must be for the better.	'Yes; very much,' I answered, 'wild-flowers especially.'	And make them as happy as you can, Miss Grey, and I dare say you will do very well.'	‘“I mean that this affair from beginning to end appears to me like a case of arrant flirtation, to say the least of it—such a case as you would find it rather inconvenient to have blazoned through the world: especially with the additions and exaggerations of your female rivals, who would be too glad to publish the matter, if I only gave them a handle to it.	What will you do with it?'	'She was at Paris when she wrote, and very well, and very happy.'	After a silence of considerable duration, during which he struggled to be calm, and I to be grave--for I felt a strong propensity to laugh--which would have ruined all--he said, with the ghost of a smile--"But tell me plainly, Miss Murray, if I had the wealth of Sir Hugh Meltham, or the prospects of his eldest son, would you still refuse me?	‘_Dear_ Miss Grey!	'I'm not clear about that; but I dare say she will do her best to make them comfortable in body and mind, in accordance with our mother's example.'	'Why so?'	At sixteen, Miss Murray was something of a romp, yet not more so than is natural and allowable for a girl of that age, but at seventeen, that propensity, like all other things, began to give way to the ruling passion, and soon was swallowed up in the all-absorbing ambition to attract and dazzle the other sex.	I comforted her with as many anecdotes of that animal's roving propensities as I could recollect.	I was going to tell you how many unmistakeable admirers I had:—Sir Thomas Ashby was one,—Sir Hugh Meltham and Sir Broadley Wilson are old codgers, only fit companions for papa and mamma.	Ah-ha!	For music and singing, besides my occasional instructions, she had the attendance of the best master the country afforded; and in these accomplishments, as well as in dancing, she certainly attained great proficiency.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	My only companions had been unamiable children, and ignorant, wrong-headed girls; from whose fatiguing folly, unbroken solitude was often a relief most earnestly desired and dearly prized.	Yet, as I listened, I felt inclined to think the man was sincere in all he said: he must have changed his views, and become decidedly religious, gloomy and austere, yet still devout.	* * * * *  _Spottiswode & Co. Ltd._, _Printers_, _London_.	It struck me, first, as very odd, that just as I was thinking about Mr. Weston he should come up and accost me; but afterwards, on due reflection, I thought there was nothing odd about it, unless it were the fact of his speaking to me; for on such a morning and so near his own abode, it was natural enough that he should be about; and as for my thinking of him, I had been doing that, with little intermission, ever since we set out on our journey; so there was nothing remarkable in that.	After a brief salutation to both, he asked Matilda if she had lately heard from her sister.	I made no answer.	What are your favourite flowers?’ ‘Primroses, bluebells, and heath-blossoms.’ ‘Not violets?’ ‘No; because, as you say, I have no particular associations connected with them; for there are no sweet violets among the hills and valleys round my home.’ ‘It must be a great consolation to you to have a home, Miss Grey,’ observed my companion after a short pause: ‘however remote, or however seldom visited, still it is something to look to.’ ‘It is so much that I think I could not live without it,’ replied I, with an enthusiasm of which I immediately repented; for I thought it must have sounded essentially silly.	I wish you would go and see if she is there; and just gently remind her that it is not proper for a young lady of her rank and prospects to be wandering about by herself in that manner, exposed to the attentions of anyone that presumes to address her; like some poor neglected girl that has no park to walk in, and no friends to take care of her: and tell her that her papa would be extremely angry if he knew of her treating Mr. Hatfield in the familiar manner that I fear she does; and--oh!	The more happiness we bestow, the more we shall receive, even here; and the greater will be our reward in heaven when we rest from our labours.”  I believe, Miss, them is his very words, for I’ve thought ’em ower many a time.	he always speaks impressively; and at that moment there were the Greens and Miss Matilda Murray just before, and other people passing by, and he was obliged to stand close beside you, and to speak very low, unless he wished everybody to hear what he said, which--though it was nothing at all particular--of course, he would rather not.'	It would have given him no little consolation to have known how disappointed she was to find him apparently so little moved, and to see that he was able to refrain from casting a single glance at her throughout both services; though, she declared, it showed he was thinking of her all the time, or his eyes would have fallen upon her, if it were only by chance: but if they had so chanced to fall, she would have affirmed it was because they could not resist the attraction.	'Well, Miss Grey, what do you think of him now?'	And this, I thought, accounted for the shade of premature thoughtfulness that so frequently clouded his brow, and obtained for him the reputation of a morose and sullen disposition with the charitable Miss Murray and all her kin.	I knew the difficulties I had to contend with were great; but I knew (at least I believed) unremitting patience and perseverance could overcome them; and night and morning I implored Divine assistance to this end.	But how was it to be done?	If your papa and mamma don’t happen to approve of it, I shall be sorry to offend them; but your uncle Robson’s opinions, of course, are nothing to me.’ So saying—urged by a sense of duty—at the risk of both making myself sick and incurring the wrath of my employers—I got a large flat stone, that had been reared up for a mouse-trap by the gardener; then, having once more vainly endeavoured to persuade the little tyrant to let the birds be carried back, I asked what he intended to do with them.	He did not seem to notice it, but replied, with equal emphasis, and very seriously-- 'I hope she will continue to be so.'	It's turned out just as Maister Weston said.'	I should think not indeed--quite the contrary!	She was very obliging, quiet, and peaceable in the main, but there were some things that put her out of temper: they did not much care for that, to be sure, but still it was better to keep her in tune; as when she was in a good humour she would talk to them, and be very agreeable and amusing sometimes, in her way; which was quite different to mamma’s, but still very well for a change.	From speaking of books in general, he passed to different books in particular, and proceeded by rapid transitions from topic to topic, till several matters, both of taste and opinion, had been discussed considerably within the space of half an hour, but without the embellishment of many observations from himself; he being evidently less bent upon communicating his own thoughts and predilections, than on discovering mine.	He joyfully received the gift, murmured something that made her blush and toss her head, but with a little laugh that showed her displeasure was entirely affected; and then with a courteous salutation withdrew.	'I would have sent the footman back for you, Miss Grey, if you'd waited a moment--you needn't have taken Mr. Weston's umbrella,' observed Rosalie, with a very unamiable cloud upon her pretty face.	But that’s his way, Miss Grey: when he comes into a poor body’s house a-seein’ sick folk, he like notices what they most stand i’ need on; an’ if he thinks they can’t readily get it therseln, he never says nowt about it, but just gets it for ’em.	why did that cold, sickening sense of disappointment fall upon me, when I had torn open the cover and found it was _only_ a letter from Mary, which, for some reason or other, her husband had directed for her?	I certainly did feel feverish and tired too.	'And you're quite mistaken, Matilda, in supposing that Harry Meltham admires you: I assure you he does nothing of the kind.'	‘No, indeed, I shan’t.’ ‘Do!	You might have known such happiness was not for you.’ But I saw him at last.	'"The church," says he, "is the place appointed by God for His worship.	Your father's relations and old friends will be able to send us some pupils, or to assist us with their recommendations, no doubt: I shall not apply to my own.