"Pedro, you are brave and strong; let it be ever your part to do a knight's duty, in defending the weak and helpless,--fight for the oppressed.	"But shall I ever see my sister again?"	"And doubtless," said the Moor, "the King of Portugal will see that it is consistent with his honour to release his noble brother without delay."	See, Fernando, I think there is no object worth living for, but that of winning men to the service of our Lord by conquest, by preaching, by the discovery of distant lands.	"Nay, it is well to be reminded of our higher aims," said Duarte, who had not quite approved of the way in which Fernando had been put down by the others.	"Prince Fernando," said Zala-ben-Zala, "I trust your entreaties have induced the Duke of Viseo to endeavour to change the mind of the king."	"Who is there that wishes for more men from England!"	A document was prepared and signed by Moussa-Ben-Hadad and by the two Infantes, to the effect that Fernando was to remain a prisoner until such time as Ceuta should be given up.	Brother Martin's passionate preaching had really stirred his emotions, and made him feel himself a true Crusader.	See to her, ladies, I have no time to spare."	Sir,"--to Harry--"you have given your opinion, and that is enough.	Ceuta was Christian, but Enrique was dead!	There were miserable differences and cabals between the widowed Queen and Dom Pedro, who yet strove to act honourably by her; wild, mad accusations against these loving brothers of having poisoned Duarte, for whom either of them would gladly have died, a world of wrong and worry, from which they could not escape.	Ha!	"As God wills," said Duarte, and words and tone vividly brought Fernando before Enrique's mind.	I will let her cut my hair off and give her my string of pearls if she wants them.	"Fie, little one!"	The Portuguese forces marched to the attack in two divisions, commanded by the two princes.	They did not always preclude marriage; and where celibacy was their rule, dispensations were obtainable, as in the case of King Joao himself; and their great revenues formed an ample provision for princes of the blood, and were applied by Dom Enrique--who was head of the Order of Christ; Dom Joao, who was Master of that of Saint James; and by Dom Fernando himself--to many useful and charitable ends.	Fernando's young heart thrilled within him, and he longed ardently for the day when he too should be old and strong enough to fight for the holy Cross.	said a tall, slim lad, with a ruddy brown skin, bright hazel eyes, and an air of alert and cheerful activity.	said Enrique.	See, this is my new green holiday kirtle, and I worked the border to it, I did indeed.	Harry yielded, as he usually did, to her strong will and ready tongue, and said-- "Well, what do you want me to do?"	"Princess!	Maybe a bribe to their warder will gain you an entrance."	she cried, clapping her hands.	I think I have something of his love for noble horses," said Fernando, with a smile.	These various royal households added greatly to the gaiety of the court; and when the period of mourning for King Joao was over, it proved that the young Queen Leonora loved state and ceremony, and inaugurated many festivities.	Duarte sat down on the couch and drew Fernando to a place beside him, watching his face while he spoke.	There was no single word as to his own return, or as to the cession of Ceuta, and Duarte said-- "This most precious letter was doubtless read by his jailor before he was permitted to send it, so that he could not freely speak his mind, to us."	As it was not thought suitable for Nella to visit the court during the severe illness of her betrothed, she was not aware of the king's increasing indisposition, and was not present at Dom Enrique's sad return, yet she dimly hoped that he might take up the cause of his brother's favourite.	"And what do you want of me then, maiden?"	Their lot, with its toil, squalor, and hardship, was bad indeed, but endurable when not made worse by wilful cruelties.	Fernando was still silent.	Before they left Lisbon the king had strenuously advised them not to leave the beach unguarded so that the enemy could cut off their chance of retreat; and he felt the necessity of this so strongly, that he sent an autograph letter to Enrique at Ceuta, entreating him to observe this precaution.	"But the crusaders were sometimes defeated," said Fernando.	said Fernando, as soon as Lazurac paused.	"Leave me to settle that matter, my daughter," said Sir Walter, sternly, "and go you within.	My brother Dom Pedro has been a great traveller.	Put up your swords this moment, gentlemen--for shame?"	"First," said Duarte, "I cannot tell where the funds to engage in such a war are to be found.	Enrique read through the parchment, and then started up, exclaiming-- "There are things that man must do at his own risk.	Fernando had acquired enough of the Moorish language to understand her, and negatived this alarming proposal decidedly, while he thanked her for the milk, saying-- "I would not be so discourteous, lady, as to sit in your presence, but that I cannot rise."	"It will brush, it is made of serge," said Nella, blushing.	This hope has been my one aim, my prayer, through all the poor life that has borne so little fruit.	it was soon the only one left them.	"But the treaty?"	Fernando heard but little of this.	Northberry covered his face with his hands, unable to repress his despairing grief; while the princes pressed round him, full of sympathy and indignation.	"Pardon me, I am hasty.	cried Fernando, bursting into tears, as he listened to their lamentations.	He never uttered a word of treason in my hearing, and I saw much of him.	"How so?"	"I should do my duty, my lord, I trust," said Dom Diego Alvarez, who had followed Hartsed.	He laid Manoel down, with his head on a heap of turf, and kneeling beside him, made the sign of the cross over him, and repeated the Pater Noster, while a smile of peace passed over the face of the dying boy.	You, my little maidens, will see some of them."	For there is an end to our trial, and a home from which we shall not be shut out."	They fought on through the hot September day, with fresh battalions constantly coming up to the defence, till they became conscious that they were contending against a superiority of numbers such as they had never contemplated.	"Let us pray," said Father Jose, and began, "Out of the deep have I called unto Thee, O Lord."	"Alas, Duarte, there would be no hope for church or country without you at the helm."	"Either she is dead--God rest her soul!--or lost to you for ever."	Not that Harry's disposition led him to emulate the Portuguese princes in their love of literature and science; but he did ardently desire to make as graceful a figure in the tilt-yard as Dom Fernando, and to be able to pick up a nut with the point of his lance when his horse was at full gallop, as cleverly as King Duarte himself.	"Yes--for the Moors are black," eagerly said Nella.	Twelve or thirteen years after the taking of Ceuta a little group was assembled in the central court of a handsome house in Lisbon.	This was the cost of the victory!	Fernando stood still, pale and silent, till the ever-kind Duarte, in a pause of the arrangements, beckoned him up to his side and put his arm round him, and Fernando knew by the grasp of Duarte's hand that he was quite as unhappy as himself.	She stood looking down into the clear waters of the fountain, her tall slim figure drooping a little with unwonted sadness, and her thoughts straying tenderly back to England--England, which she should never see again now.	"Ah, could I but find a harder penance!"	"I will never cross your will again, my brother," said Enrique, humbly.	Each division fought under the flag of Portugal, and also under that of the order to which its leader belonged, the red cross of Avis, the green cross of the Order of Christ; and on Enrique's banner was inscribed the motto he had so well earned the right to carry, "_Talent de bien faire_;" on that of Fernando the humbler legend, "_Le bien me plait_."	Duarte, the time will come when you must use this sword in defence of your subjects; see that you rule them with justice, and make their happiness your highest good.	Poor Fernando grew pale with horror, and Dom Jose de Alemquer, a knight of some renown, and brother to the Portuguese Prime Minister, remarked grimly-- "And with whom, Senor, have you conversed who has partaken of this extraordinary feast?"	urged Nella.	"There has been less kidnapping of late," said Duarte.	"You look pale--are you well to-day?"	A moat surrounded it, crossed by a drawbridge, which, however, was rarely raised.	he said, scornfully, "how like you this work?	The merchant came towards them, and turned his flickering light on the face of Fernando, who lay, almost senseless, in Father Jose's arms.	Every feeling of his heart urged him to give up the city and win this beloved brother back.	One of these took place as soon as the offer of a ransom for Dom Fernando had been decided on, and the whole company were full of the subject, discussing the wrongs and rights of it at every moment when speech was possible.	Although there was a keener sympathy of character and opinion between Enrique and Fernando, Duarte had been to the latter a constant companion and support; and to act against his judgment, and to cause him pain and anxiety, was the first sacrifice in which his project involved him.	Long ago a strange pang had shot through her, when she had recognised in the toiling slaves her fellow-Christians.