And your pupils--are they stupid?	"Did you see, Rosina?	"I cannot understand, now, how it happened," said Mrs Crichton.	"Has she come here?"	Well, it is no surprise to me," said Miss Venning.	Only, now and then, as the days went by, she seemed to steal like a vision into his solitary rooms.	"Profanation!"	Go away and take time to reflect; no one is more reasonable than you."	Her white dress was elaborately trimmed with handsome embroidery, and all her blue ribbons were fresh and smart, as if they had no need to see sunny days enough to dim their brightness.	THE TIME OF ROSES.	Don't you think I know how I put you out?	As wet to dry, and dry to wet."	The ladies of the Dysart party were very conscious of the recent history of their entertainers; and, perhaps, Miss Dysart was a little disappointed that Arthur's manner and conversation were so much like other people's.	"Mademoiselle Mattei had a great many admirers," said Hugh, as he looked out of window.	"I hate you!"	Rosa, who had been utterly absorbed in her part, stopped, laughing, and sympathising with the great singer who could not act with Mademoiselle Mattei, while she owned the tribute to her skill.	she added, becoming aware that Violante's agitation was excessive, though, on the score of her Italian actress-ship, she was not prepared to consider it unnatural.	When she looked back on her interview with Clarissa it struck her that sister's manner had been singular; and one day she said to Miss Venning: "Mary, did Clarissa ever have any lovers?"	"I have done nothing to deserve any of it," he thought.	PAST AND PRESENT.	"What troubles?"	"Proper?	"Well, there's a good deal of third in the world, and one gets on with it."	AT THE YEAR'S END.	Shy as she was, she was utterly trustful, and was too innocent and too fervent for any pretence of coyness.	go on, girls; let me see."	James came up to the bed without speaking, and put his hand on Arthur's.	I told her to keep up her heart, and she picked some olive-leaves as a reminder.	"Do you think he is going to be ill, Jem?"	It was all right and natural; and as Rosa, aghast, dropped into a chair she knelt beside her, her sweet, pathetic eyes and lips transfigured as a flower by the sun.	"Why don't I like it?	You don't know what you say."	"Nothing so saintly, I fear, as that," he said.	"I think the train was punctual," he said.	"Why, yes, I suppose so," said Rosa, lightly.	It was on a soft mild afternoon early in February that Arthur came home--an afternoon with a pearly sky and gleams of pale spring sunshine to light the starry celandines and budding palms.	Will it quite detract from Flossy's character for feminine softness if it be owned that she spoke rather loud?	"You see, Hugh," she said, "for all the young ones' sakes it was necessary to get over old impressions.	"That girl is like starlight," someone said, and Rosa speedily became aware that her sister was one of the things to be looked at to-night.	said Rosa.	She is sure to be well taken care of, and, perhaps, she'll forget her troubles."	"Some day you may wish you had listened to it," he said.	"Yes," she said, "that's quite true.	He would not, therefore, allow the expedition to H--to be urged upon him; so Jem, Mrs Crichton, Frederica, and Flossy set off on the day appointed.	"Oh, no, mother, thank you; I'm well enough.	"Oh," said Rosa, recalled, "I am only showing you.	Dinner passed, of course, with no reference to the subject; nor did Hugh mention it till the next morning, when, alone with Jem, he said, with a nervous laugh but an odd twitch in his voice: "Jem, you profess to understand young women.	"Have you heard anything, George?"	"We can just let each other alone if we don't."	"Don't, Hugh, don't," said Arthur, faintly; "don't, I can't bear it!"	"What are you going to do to-day?"	She forgot how well they were accustomed to the atmosphere of sorrow that struck on her with such a chill; and when Mrs Crichton, seeing her agitation, caressed her and spoke tenderly of her love for their lost darling, Flossy felt as if everyone but herself were capable of efforts of unselfish self-control.	She had opinions and ideas, and evidently was proud of her various occupations and anxious to show them off.	Was her new ease of living to slip away from her, and must she return to the "pains austere" of the talent which belonged to her and to no other?	and set to work with all her might and main to "enlarge the minds and improve the tone" of her sister's pupils, introducing new studies, new authors, and new ideas; talking over Miss Venning--or sometimes, perhaps, talking her down--with an equal amount of self-confidence and self-devotion.	And then there's Hugh, who won't dance four times with a girl for fear of `exciting false expectations,' has gone and broken her heart--if hearts ever are broken.	But it is Signor Arthur who is their friend."	I always observe that when a girl can't do her lessons, or can't eat her dinner, and is dismal and rather a bore, Mary has a confidence from home about her.	You're all so good, but the light has gone down for me.	And now I could not go on any longer without having it out.	Arthur put out his hand and took hold of Mysie's, and they walked on for a bit hand in hand--a fashion Mysie favoured, perhaps as reminding her of holiday afternoons, when Arthur's big-boy companionship had been so flattering and delightful to the little school-girl.	"My life was blank enough and hard enough before; but now--" It was at this point in his meditations that George had encountered him, and that the boy's inquiry for Arthur had so maddened him that he had rushed off, unheeding where he went; maddened not only--not so much at the thought that Mysie had died a frightful death and that Arthur's life was ruined, as that he himself had been the cause of it all.	"Ah, soon; but in good time--There comes il signor dottore."	The lamps flashed out one by one, the outlines of the buildings were still visible.	Hugh saw that well-intentioned consolation or cheering would only worry the poor boy, who was not able to respond to it, and that he was hardly fit even for the change proposed; and for a moment the thought flashed across him of how he would devote himself to soothe Arthur's grief if he could have him to himself for a little, how he, of his own bitter experience, would know how to treat the fitful spirits that would only perplex the rest.	So the question is," said Hugh, in a voice that he tried hard to keep at an even level, "the question is, who is deceiving me?"	he went forward rather eagerly to meet her; but Frederica, nervous and excited, and by no means sharing his absence of self-consciousness, kissed him rather boisterously than tenderly, and began to talk fast because she was afraid of crying.	Violante repeated the advice, and showed her olive-leaves to her sister; but, though Rosa held her tongue by a great effort of discretion, Signor Arthur, on thinking over the transaction, was not very much surprised to find that he obtained no more private interviews with Violante.	The flowers were pretty, but the historical heroes--though exceedingly creditable to Flossy's research and, indeed, to her powers of execution--were hardly up to the mark of the cartoons; and their arms and legs, as her artistic knowledge increased, became a source of anxiety, if not of distress, though she could not resolve to have them hidden by what Miss Venning called a "nice clean tint of buff."	She had been his hope and his pride, spite of all her wilfulness--should he never hear her angel's voice again?--and he seized on the long, soft hair, and kissed it and cried over it.	Rather to Rosa's surprise, Violante showed no reluctance to make one of the party.	"No, don't go.	We have set upon you before you have even had your dinner, which is cruel.	"Only this cross.	"Look here, James," cried Hugh, starting up, "we have talked long enough; I'll take care of my mother, but I love Violante, and I believe she loves me, and our lives shall not be spoilt for anyone's scruples.	Miss Florence, as she now aspired to be called, had been little Flossy not many years back; and the thick bright hair of fairest flaxen--"Flossy's tow," as her sisters called it--now twisted round her head, had not so very long ago hung down her back in all its native lustre.	"Never, my dear, that I know of.	"I suppose she might do much better," said Clarissa.	"Miss Crofton!"	Snowdrops and violets were thrusting their heads through the short turf between the graves, and were blooming in sweet abundance round the white cross that marked where she lay, while several half-faded wreaths were placed above them.	Violante, how should you like to go to England?"	On this Sunday morning she sat, with her Bible in her hand, looking at the groups of peasants who were making their way to the little church, and listening to the bell tinkling softly through the murmur of the trees, and the sharper sound of the gay Italian voices.	He had said within himself that he would show more deference to Violante than he would have thought necessary to a princess; that with his first words he would make it plain, both that there were difficulties, and that he would overcome them.