ANASÚYÁ.--How so?	ACTRESS.--Which among the seasons shall I select as the subject of my song?	Clarisse Bader, the romance of "Le Journal de Mlle.	rate her like a master, and she serves thee like a slave."	No gift of lands from thee we seek,     To guard these realms our hands were weak.	A devotee should never wear     A mien so sad and strange.	And he shall rule, beloved by men,     Ten thousand years and hundreds ten,     And when his life on earth is past     To Brahma's world shall go at last.	KING [_falling at Śakoontalá's feet_].--Fairest of women, banish from thy mind     The memory of my cruelty; reproach     The fell delusion that overpowered my soul,     And blame not me, thy husband; 'tis the curse     Of him in whom the power of darkness reigns,     That he mistakes the gifts of those he loves     For deadly evils.	So thinking, on and on he went,     Till he attained the forest's verge,     The garish day was well-nigh spent,     Birds had already raised its dirge.	Still rose the great tempestuous sound     As Sagar's children pierced the ground.	And forthwith a Crane, named Pied-body, was dismissed with a secret message to that Rajah.	KING [_rising from his seat_].--Hail to you both!	Have you never heard of King Sudraka and the unknown Servant, who gave his son's life for the King?	I never could bring myself to tell him, even if I felt that Sakoontala had been in fault, which she certainly has not.	The sun was not well-risen accordingly when the attack was made, and there arose hot fighting at all the four gates.	'So consider us,' assented the Swan-King.	CANTO XVIII RISHYAŚRING'S DEPARTURE     The monarch called a Bráhman near     And said, "Now speed away     To Kaśyap's son, the mighty seer,     And with all reverence say--     The holy child he holds so dear,     The hermit of the noble mind,     Whose equal it were hard to find,     Returned, is dwelling here.	Scared by the royal chariot in its course,     With headlong haste an elephant invades     The hallowed precincts of our sacred grove;     Himself the terror of the startled deer,     And an embodied hindrance to our rites.	Suffer me, then, thus to discharge the debt for you.	SUPERINTENDENT [_to one of the Constables_].--Suchaka, let the fellow tell his own story from the beginning.	FISHERMAN.--Your honor surely will not put an innocent man to a cruel death.	Without delay the fiend should die,     For, see, the twilight hour is nigh.	Thus in their dread the Immortals sued     The God, a dwarfish shape indued:--     Before Virochan's son he came,     Three steps of land his only claim.	The son of Dasaratha heard,     Delighted, Visvamitra's word--     And as he bade, that night he spent     In Tadaka's wild wood, content.	SAKOONTALÁ.--Anasúyá, a pointed blade of Kusa-grass[35] has pricked my foot; and my bark-mantle is caught in the branch of a Kuruvaka-bush.	Accordingly the Paddy-bird, setting out with a force of water-fowl, fell upon the host of the Peacock-king, and did immense execution.	There day by day the holy train     Performed all rites as rules ordain.	FIRST MAIDEN.--It is but a few days since Mitravasu, the king's brother-in-law, sent us to wait upon his Majesty; and, during the whole of our sojourn here, we have been intrusted with the charge of the royal pleasure-grounds.	Now at the choosing of Nishadha's chief     By Bhima's daughter, when those lords of life--     The effulgent gods--departed, Dwapara     They saw with Kali, coming.	What will be     Thy thought, Nishadha!	Then, all with heavenly forms endued,     Nigh came the wondrous multitude.	[17] By such a death as that alluded to, she earns the title of Sati, the "excellent."	Trifles are amplified and repeated, and the whole poem resembles a wild forest abounding in rich tropical vegetation, palms and flowers, but without paths, roads, or limits.	To this day, in India, the "Hitopadesa," under other names (as the "Anvári Suhaili"[1]), retains the delighted attention of young and old, and has some representative in all the Indian vernaculars.	CHATURIKÁ, personal attendant of the Queen.	My faithful heroes skilled to wield     The arms of war will take the field;     Their skill the demons' might may break:     Rama, my child, thou must not take.	Blame rather your own blooming youthfulness which imparts fulness to your bosom.	thither; he will teach     Great subtlety in numbers unto thee,     Exchanging this for thine own matchless gift     Of taming horses.	Spak'st thou never word of folly, one light thing thou wouldst recall?	Pavilions for the princes, decked     With art and ornament, erect,     And handsome booths by thousands made     The Bráhman visitors to shade--     Arranged in order side by side,     With meat and drink and all supplied.	It is I who am the most honored by it.	Lion, rhinoceros, and bear,     Boar, tiger, elephant, are there,     There shrubs and thorns run wild:     Dháo, Sál, Bignonia, Bel, are found,     And every tree that grows on ground:     How is the forest styled?"	1300.	Your indisposition is really very serious.	Standing all with palms upfolded: "Peace and fortune thou wilt bring     To thy city, to thy country!	Besides, the Minister detected me immediately.	my dear friend, listen a minute, and you will hear sweet sounds proceeding from the music-room.	KING.--Oh!	Upon catching the sound the King retreated in trepidation to his own lair, without drinking a drop, and stood there in silence and alarm revolving what it could mean.	Then say what thou wouldst have me do.	[_Exit with his companions_.	They saw with joy and eager eyes     The fancied robber and the prize,     And on him rushed the furious band     Crying aloud, 'Stand, villain!	The gentle roe-deer, taught to trust in man,     Unstartled hear our voices.	[3] Used in many religious observances by the Hindoos.	For oh, thou Slayer of the Demons, all     Desire the maid."	This remarkable poem contains almost all the history of ancient India, so far as it can be recovered, together with inexhaustible details of its political, social, and religious life--in fact, the antique Hindoo world stands epitomized in it.	SARNGARAVA, SARADWATA, two Brahmans, belonging to the hermitage of Kanwa.	Obedient to the high-souled lord     Grasped Anśumán his bow and sword,     And hurried forth the way to trace     With youth and valor's eager pace.	Can I by no reproaches excite your commiseration?	Aside to her friend_].--Eager as I am, dear Priyamvadá, to see my husband once more, yet my feet refuse to move, now that I am quitting forever the home of my girlhood.	In quest of Damayanti we have roamed     The earth's face o'er, until I found her here     In thy son's house, the King's--the very same,     Since like to her for grace no woman lives     Of all fair women.	The elder consort bare     A son called Asamanj, the heir.	So eagerly the lover feeds his hopes,     Claiming each trivial gesture for his own.	This double science take, and gain     Glory that shall for aye remain.	Lo!	Then ribbons over all were hung,     And flowers and scent around them flung.	His matted hair depends     In thick entanglement about his shoulders,     And birds construct their nests within its folds.	'A king's treasury, my liege, is the king's life.'	But from the gods and saints,     "Sadhu!	'Wade over the pool, therefore, and take the bangle,' Thereupon the covetous Traveller determined to trust him, and waded into the pool, where he soon found himself plunged in mud, and unable to move.	To learn thy welfare, dearest friend,     The King will many a Brahman send.	'Yes!'	To Saint Vasishtha, high of soul,     And Rishyasring they gave the whole.	ANASUYA.--By what stratagem can we best secure to our friend the accomplishment of her heart's desire, both speedily and secretly?	'And the sorry task of seeking favor is numbered in the miseries of life-- 'Hast thou never watched, a-waiting till the great man's door unbarred?	The ring is at length restored to Dushyanta, having been found by a fisherman in the belly of a carp.	She that took the House-wife's place     Lost the nose from off her face.	'Course of safety there is,' replied the Crane, 'to go elsewhere; and I will carry you one by one to another pool, if you please.'	[_Sakoontalá, without answering a word, moves away_.	MATHAVYA.--What must be must be, I suppose.	GAUTAMÍ.--An excellent compendium, truly, of every wife's duties!	The roadside trees still dripped with dew,     And hung their blossoms like a show.	With young disciples at his side     Forth on his way the hermit hied,     While peasants from their hamlets ran     To reverence the holy man.