"I come to make a retreat, and I wish to see Father Etienne."	We might correctly speak of Saint Francis as a woman and Saint Teresa as a man."	He had an air at once good-natured and firm, and his little grey eye smiled as it glanced behind his branched spectacles.	The sky was so obscure that he could scarcely see the group of trees he entered, and not seeing anyone he rolled his cigarettes, and smoked them slowly, with enjoyment, consulting his watch from time to time by his cigar lights.	They also did not reach the place which the executioners had marked.	How does that get on?"	Surprised at this result, he tried to examine himself, and touched the void; he was slack that morning, in one of those sudden dispositions in which a man becomes a child again, incapable of attention, in which the wrong side of things disappears, and everything distracts.	"I know that class of convents," said Durtal.	"It is not pleasant to drag oneself from bed in the middle of the night," sighed Durtal, "but I am inclined to think that the Retreatants are not subject to this rule of wakefulness," and he took up another card.	and the peasant looked at him with astonishment, turned about, and drove up the hill.	I will go and make certain if he be free.	"Man then will do well to constrain himself; he may steal, rob, kill his father, and violate his daughter; the price is the same; provided he repent at the last minute, he is saved!"	"The seminary has made him arbitrary and puerile, life outside has made him lukewarm.	He was at first pleased at having invented that excuse, then he had to admit in his heart that, after all, there was not much in it, for there was nothing to show that this priest, who was not attached to a parish, was busy in hearing confessions.	"There is one fact certain," he said to himself, for in all this tumult, he was perfectly lucid, "that for the moment we are two persons in one.	cried Durtal within himself.	"You are afraid of the water; imitate Gribouille, throw yourself in boldly; look, suppose I write to La Trappe this very day to say you are coming; when?"	"And do you know this?"	He entered once more on that halting dilemma which had so recently assailed the goodness of the Creator in regard to the sins of man.	"I have had enough of feeling myself taken by the shoulders and led I know not where, it is really time that in one way or another this situation came to an end."	You think yourself deserted, yet He is very near you; and while He effaces Himself, Satan advances.	"Why so?"	Reading before Compline.	Then he asked if the food seemed to be enough for him.	Durtal went away from the priest's house comforted, almost joyful; he felt at least the solace of a fixed decision, a resolution taken at last.	"It is just as I thought," he said, "but nevertheless you will be admitted to take the Sacrament.	And turning over his prayer-book, seeing the extraordinary circle of offices, he thought of that prodigious jewel, that crown of King Recceswinthe preserved in the Museum of Cluny.	"I have several," said M. Bruno, "and shall be most happy to offer you one.	The body had to be tied and the arms bound so as not to tear the hands from the wood, and then it was necessary to hang on the legs so as to lengthen them as far as the bracket on which they were to rest; all at once the entire body yielded, the ribs moved under the skin; the shock was so fearful, that the executioners believed that the bones would start, and burst the flesh, wherefore they made haste to rest the left foot on the right, but their difficulties began again, the feet turned over, and it was necessary to bore them with an auger to fasten them.	Evidently; instead of collecting and straining himself, he had passed an afternoon of revolt and anger; the very evening before he had unworthily judged an ecclesiastic whose only wrong was that he took pleasure in the vanity of easy jokes.	"No.	The child Jesus whom they have loved so well then appears so far off and so inaccessible, and His very sight would hardly satisfy them, for they have dreamed of holding Him in their arms, of swathing and rocking Him, of giving Him suck, in one word, of being mothers.	"To throw to a distance implies again a certain interest, a certain animation, perhaps even a certain fear; to let it fall is indifference, complete contempt; believe me, use this means and Satan will fly.	And they lifted their heads while the other part of the Fathers pronounced the response, "Sicut erat in principio, etc."	Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email business@pglaf.org.	"Sometimes this exchange is purely spiritual, sometimes on the contrary it has to do only with the ills of the body.	The abbé smiled when Durtal mentioned these objections.	"It is quite absurd to have forgotten that book, for it would have made me pass precious days, like those of old, in La Trappe.	You must follow the canonical offices to the letter.	"It is not the first time that such a thing happened to me," he thought, "I have already experienced when alone in the churches unexpected counsels, silent orders, and it must be admitted that it is terrifying to feel this infusion into self of an invisible being, and to know that he can, if he choose, almost turn you out of the domain of your personality.	And when the moment for communion came, he followed M. Bruno behind the lay brothers.	"How does that get on?	then it is equally probable, that in that solitude and absolute silence, I should be wearied to death, and if it be so, what a miserable existence is it to stalk about a cell and count the hours.	In the chapel of the Virgin, some poor women were prostrate.	"The seminary has made him arbitrary and puerile, life outside has made him lukewarm.	He revolted, and said to himself: "This only proves that the sacramental darkness of the Eucharist cannot be sounded.	Durtal raised himself up after his tears; what he feared so much had happened; the monk who would take him in hand was impassive, almost dumb.	He tried to collect himself, to compose himself--and he drew himself up quickly; he heard the footsteps of the monk.	The postulant, in front, alone, near the closed door, held her torch, with her head bent.	"At La Trappe it is the contrary.	By aid of familiar images, humble analogies, he has rendered accessible the highest speculations of Mysticism.	Durtal looked on him with surprise.	"It does not matter, as your wish was to pray well!	"Whether these have been authentic or controverted matters little," he thought.	"I did not think," he said, "that I was living so near you."	Look at the Panama business.	He, who called himself brother Ass, was a charming and poor creature, so modest, and so ignorant, that he was turned away wherever he went.	I need not try to take account of my soul, to make out the debit and credit; I know, without knowing how, that I must go; I am thrust out of myself by an impulse which rises from the very depths of my being, to which I am quite certain I have to yield."	CHAPTER VII.	The superior asked him if he were not mad, while he remained stupefied that no one gobbled up this astonishing mess.	In the stillness no sounds were heard but the dull thud of a door, the creaking of a chair, the short paces of a woman, the hurried stride of a man.	"Oh," said the abbe, "the obedience is the same in all the great Orders, absolute, without reserve; its formula is well summed up by Saint Augustine.	Now that he had no longer to cleanse himself, and pass under the winnowing of confession, to present himself for the Communion in the morning, he remained irresolute, not knowing any longer how to occupy his time, terrified by the recommencement of that life of the world which would upset all the barriers of forgetfulness, and would get at him at once above all the broken defences of the cloister.	Therefore I will not impose on you any of the reading laid down on this card, and only take leave to get you to say the Little Office of the Blessed Virgin.	Article CXVI.	"You may say as much," replied Durtal, laughing.	He tried to recollect himself, and to pray, but he felt his thoughts more scattered and wandering than usual; he remained indifferent and unmoved.	And after a silence the Abbe Gevresin continued,-- "Walk there a good deal, traverse the woods in all directions; the forests will tell you more about your soul than books: 'Aliquid amplius invenies in sylvis quam in libris,' wrote Saint Bernard--'pray and your days will seem short.'"	He had vaguely prepared how to enter on the matter, noted the points of his statement, classified his sins in some degree, and now remembered nothing.	those poor lamps of exhausted oil, of flames almost dead, which tremble in the obscurity of the sanctuary, what will God make of them?	I have entered into Thy house; do not send me away, be to me a kindly host, wash me."	I should not have even time for it all in Paris; it is absurd!"	It was an obsession by thought, by vision, in all ways, and the haunting was all the more terrible that it was so special, that it never turned aside, but concentrated itself always on the same point, the face and figure of Florence.	"You must be singularly far advanced on the road to perfection if you go there for Her only."	He will be free this evening: will it trouble you to join him after Compline?"	8.	Paris and Notre Dame de l'Atre have rejected me each in their turn like a waif, and here I am condemned to live apart, for I am still too much a man of letters to become a monk, and yet I am already too much a monk to remain among men of letters."	"It is true; I forgot to say to you, that over and above my other functions, I also have, if need be, that of coachman."	"This is a conclusive study," murmured Durtal, "but not that which would lead to La Trappe.	Yes, indeed, but why should such advances end suddenly in this recoil?"	"I will add that certain of these phenomena, which make freethinkers smile, have been renewed and have been verified quite recently.	This only became really odious when, with a formidable explosion, the first strophe of the Magnificat struck the arches.	Whether I owe this grace to my own prayers or to those of the convents which have shielded me without knowing me, it is the case that for some time past my brain has been silent and my flesh calm.