But meeting elsewhere, pish!	O wind of the great East, By whom we are released From this strange dusty port to sail Beyond our fellows' hail, Under the stars that keep The entry of the deep, Thy somber voice brings up the sea's Forgotten melodies; And I have no more need Of bread, or wine, or creed, Bound for the colonies of time Beyond the farthest prime.	*** END: FULL LICENSE *** The Project Gutenberg EBook of Behind the Arras, by Bliss Carman This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	And the dauntless seaworn spirit Shall awake to know there are What dominions to inherit, Anchored off another star!	The marvel that it can keep As if it had been set there to spin For a thousand years asleep!	An orchard of birds in June, The winds that stream, The cold sea-brooks that croon, The storms that scream, The planets that float and swing Like buoys on the tide, The north-going legions in spring, The hills that abide, The frigate-bird clouds that range, The vagabond moon-- That wilful lover of change-- And the workaday sun, Dying summer and fall, Seasons and men And herds, he has them all In his shadowy ken.	The braces of the sky Were in its girth, That it should feel no jar Of the swinging earth; That sun and wind might bleach But not destroy The house that he had builded For his joy.	As he wrings them thence, Death smiles at his hardihood For recompense.	Life be neither hermitage nor revel; Lent or carnival alone were vain; Sin and sainthood--Help me, little brother, With your largo finder-thought again!	Bobolink is voice for apple blossom, Breezy, abundant, good for human joys; Oriole has touched the burning secret Poppies hide with their deliberate poise.	Stars and men the dust upon her garment; Hope and fear the echoes of her word.	And "There!"	He never varies from one pace, And the monotony of time Is in his face.	The dreamer weary of dreams, The lover by love released, Stricken and whole, and eager and sad, Beauty and waif and priest, All these adventure forth, Strangers though side by side, With the tramp of time in the roaring wheels, And haste in their shadowy stride.	Sir, if I dared But once set eye To keyhole, nor be scared, From playing Paul Pry, I doubt not I should learn A wondrous thing Or two; and in return Go blind till spring.	said Hack, and "There!"	Yet often too he steals so softly by, With half a sigh, I deem he must be mild, Fair as a woman, gentle as a child, And forest wild.	There may my longed-for rest And welcome be, When Love himself unbars The door for me!	With nothing to do But idle here in the sun And gossip with you Of a stranger you have not seen, As like never will.	Ends?	[Illustration] _The Cruise of the Galleon_   This laboring vast, Tellurian Galleon,   Riding at anchor off the orient sun,   Had broken its cable, and stood out to space.	With mystery before, And reticence behind, A portal waits me too In the glad house of spring, One day I shall pass through And leave you wondering.	Dust and shadow between whence and whither, Part of the tranquillity of God.	He has been lodged with me This thirty year; All the while (it seems absurd!)	Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.	"Dustman, dustman!"	"And ye who served me of old as God Shall serve me anew as man, Till I compass the dream that is in my heart, And perfect the vaster plan."	_Beyond the Gamut_ Softly, softly, Niccolo Amati!	"Mortal, mortal, overfond, How come you at all to know There be any joys beyond Blisses here and now?"	Then wings of the sun, go abroad As a scarlet desire, Unwearied, unwaning, unawed, To quest and aspire, Till the drench of the dusk you drink In the poppy-field west; Then veer and settle and sink As a gull to her nest.	_The Faithless Lover_ I O Life, dear Life, in this fair house Long since did I, it seems to me, In some mysterious doleful way Fall out of love with thee.	He looked to them half way Spanish or Dutch.	Shall I then discard my simpler joys?	Was it the shuffle of feet I heard go by, With muffled drums in the street?	II O Heart, dear Heart, in this fair house Why hast thou wearied and grown tired, Between a morning and a night, Of all thy soul desired?	Dustman, dustman, Hurry by and let me sleep.	The crouching heart within me quails like a shuddering thing, As I turn on my pillow to the door; Then in the chill white dawn, when life is half withdrawn, Comes the dream-curdling "Wolf!"	So we say, meaning where the eyesight With some yet unborn perception blends.	There, Drowsyhead, the old refrain, "Dustman, dustman!"	YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.	_The Crimson House_ Love built a crimson house, I know it well, That he might have a home Wherein to dwell.	The dusk will hold some trace Of all my radiant crew Who vanished to that place, Ephemeral as dew.	Sometimes a hooting laugh breaks out, And startles me alone; While all my fellows, wondering At my stage-fright, play on.	The last adventurer am I, Then, world, good-by!	He goes his village round at dusk From door to door, from day to day; And when the children hear his step They stop their play.	By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.	Good, you think, and evil live together, Both persisting on from change to change Through interminable conservation,-- Primal powers no ruin can derange?	"Hast thou forgotten the long ago In the garden where I used to flow, "Among the hills, with the maple tree And the roses blowing over me?-- "I who am now but a wraith of this river, Forsaken of thee forever and ever, "Who then was thine image fair, forecast In the heart of the water rimpling past.	How that sea-gull out across the bay there Rows himself at leisure up the blue!	I marvel how he keeps A bit of his mind.	And then (but not a breath Of this!)	He never sleeps That I can find.	Or only a bittern cronk, Then all was still?	I know I shook like a reed There on my bed.	And my hateful yellow dwarf, with his hideous crooked laugh, Cries "Wolf, wolf, wolf!"	Nameless and void and wild Was the fear before me, Ere I bethought me and smiled As the truth flashed o'er me.	Minds only his own affairs, Goes out and in, And keeps himself upstairs With his violin.	I know By my joys and my fears, For my heart crumbles down like the snow With spring rain into tears.	Melt the twilight dirges In "Te Deums" fit for marching men!	at my door.	General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works 1.A.	See paragraph 1.C below.	As fine sand spread on a disc of silver, At some chord which bids the motes combine, Heeding the hidden and reverberant impulse, Shifts and dances into curve and line, The round earth, too, haply, like a dust-mote, Was set whirling her assigned sure way, Round this little orb of her ecliptic To some harmony she must obey.	Nor chick nor child has he.	"And when yellow leaves came down Through the silent mornings one by one "To the frosty meadow, as they fell Thy pondering heart said, 'All is well; "'Aye, all is best, for I stake my life Beyond the boundaries of strife,' "And then thy feet returned no more,-- While years went over the garden floor, "With frost and maple, with rose and dew, In the world thy river wandered through;-- "Came never again to revive and recall Thy youth from its water burial.	Yet such a gentleman, So sure and slow.	The neighbors used to say (They know so much!)	And once in a thousand years Some youth who loved so well The gods had loosed him from fears In a vision of blameless hell, Has gone to the dial to read Those signs in the outland tongue, Written beyond the need Of the simple and the young.	Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at http://pglaf.org/fundraising.	- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any      money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days      of receipt of the work.	No tongue can tell How he sets them chiming there Clear as a bell.	"And I who have followed the wander-list For a glimpse of beauty, a wraith in the mist, "Shall be spilt at last and return to peace, As dust which the hands of the wind release.	The scarlet maple leaves and the sweet ripe nuts, May strew the forest glade at my door, But my cringing cunning dwarf, with his slavered kacking laugh, Cries "Wolf, wolf, wolf!"	Store it by to ripen, and repeat it Long hereafter as a glimpse you gained, When the nineteenth century was dying, From a strolling hand that held you dear,--.	Store it by to ripen, and repeat it Long hereafter as a glimpse you gained, When the nineteenth century was dying, From a strolling hand that held you dear,--.	In the morning there he lay Dead in the sun's warm gold.	But the fall of the leaf and the starting of the bud Are the seasons he loves by the door; Then his blood begins to rouse, this Caliban I house, And it's "Wolf, wolf, wolf!"	So we say, meaning where the eyesight With some yet unborn perception blends.	Appanage of time put in your keeping For my far-off heritor to hear.	He would have gone down with Alexander, Quelling unknown lands beneath the sun; Watched where Buddha in the Bo tree shadows Saw this life's web woven and undone; Freed his stifled heart in Shakespeare's people, Sweet and elemental and serene; Dared the unknown with Blake and Galileo; Fronted death with Daulac's seventeen.	There's nothing out of No-man's-land So drowsy since the world began, As "Dustman, dustman, Dustman."	There trooping dreams by night Go by, go by.	Likely enough, when the show is done And the balls all back in his hand, He'll tell us why he is smiling so, And we shall understand.