The dear young creatures have believed themselves to be outwitting everybody; the very thing I laboured for them both to do.	Numbers Cripps, the butcher, was moved with gentle goodwill towards him, having heard what a fine knife and fork he played, and finding it true in the Squire's bill.	Why, look at Leviticus!	To her, of course, Justice Overshute was simply a great man, who must have the chair of state, and the talk of restraint, and a clean dry hearth, and the curtsy, and the best white apron of deference.	And this made Cripps, who had been exulting at her first proceedings, put down his whip and wonder.	These words she spoke not in her own language, but in plain good English; and then she lay down in her quiet scoop of sand, and folded her little boy in with her.	"Well done, Kit Sharp!"	It was suddenly borne in upon his mind that the house had a rare old fire-bell, a relic of nobler ages, hanging from a bar in a little open cot, scarcely big enough for a hen-roost; and Russel had shown him one day, with a laugh, the corner in which the rope hung.	He stood in the place where he must be seen if Tickuss wished to see him, until he was quite sure that no such longing existed on his brother's part.	You are my executor."	"You are a tyrant, Cripps; a perfect tyrant!	And do you think that we ought to allow it, my dear?"	The ambition of the city, at that time, was to fill all the houses of the citizens, and extend in no direction.	But none the less for that I kep her, and the children, out of the way of our Zak, I did.	And I think that this feeling is coming over me, just now."	The lawyer had his reasons for preventing this, as well as for keeping himself where he was; and therefore at a sign from him, Miss Patch turned back, and set off with all haste for the cottage.	But a man who thinks everything of his own will, and nothing of any other person's wish, may be pretty sure that none will miss his presence so much as himself does.	But give me your arm, sir, and walk a few steps.	"I think that you make a mistake, young man.	Another great advantage was that the hard uniformity of straight lines had no chance here of prevailing.	"No, I think nothing of the kind!	Overshute always obeyed a lady in little things of this kind.	Dear Cripps, I am as sound alive as you are.	You mean, of course, the interior garments, the nether clothing, and so on.	Oh, Worth is it?	I used to be quick; I am very slow now."	Once and again he wiped his hectic cheek and fevered brow with a yellow bandana, from which the winner of last year's Derby was washing out; and he saw the "Defiance" and the "Regulator" pass, newly horsed from rival inns, exalting their horns against one another, with splinter-bars swinging behind cocked tails, all eager for their race upon the Cheltenham road.	"If he is there, show him in at once," said the Squire, without further argument; "and let no one come interrupting us."	The whole of this was made quite right in the end and everybody satisfied; but it prevented poor Esther from going to the Golden Cross, as she should have done; and the Carrier (having a little tiff with his brother about a sack of meal, as long ago as Michaelmas) left him to bake his own bread, and would rather drive over his dinner than dine with him.	'Let it have its way,' I said; 'only keep the head well up; and try to put something between the teeth.'	I might trust you for every precaution, Luke.	Had he any legal right to insist on knowing who she was, and all about her?	"Let her come, if she will," he answered, without thinking twice about it; for he paid no heed to household matters in his present trouble.	But now he had no heart to care about any of such trifles.	As for the girls, the Carrier, being the head of the family, and holding the house and the stable and cart, was bound to take the maids, one by one, to and fro under his tilt twice a week, till the public fell in love with them.	Mr. Sharp saw that his wife was timid; which of all things would be fatal now; for her aid was indispensable.	I will go and see that all the doors are shut."	Pray, did you go and see everything, sir?"	By this time he had resolved to avoid, for the present, all further dispute with his father.	"Apologies are always waste of time.	But now all his virtue and courage, and even temper, were on the outlook; and only one thing more was needed to drive him to a desperate resolve.	But the Squire could not put the questions I did.	on the oil-cloth, which sat on the top of the luggage, which sat on the top of the coach which he drove, like the heir of all the race of Nimshi.	If I never do another thing, I will ride to Shotover this day.	Your dear father pays my allowance on Monday.	Luke Sharp looked at her in the same sort of way in which many of his victims had looked at him.	I will take care to say not another word, or I might break my promise to his father.	Esther, having been hard set to sustain what had happened already (as well as unblest with a wink of sleep since Friday night), was now unable to assert her dignity.	Poor soul, a' can't heed everything."	"Oh, I thought you had got her in the house, Master Cripps.	1.F.1.	Here people stared at her so, and asked such questions, that she durst not go again; and, indeed, the pleasure was not worth the risk, for the shoemaker who preached was a thoroughly quiet, ungifted man, without an evil word for anybody.	Etty had heard this threat so often, that now she only laughed at it.	Kill him, it will kill him, I am almost sure!"	You could not expect her--could you now?--to go through it, as if she was a man; or rather, I should say, a gentleman."	I am in good health.	No wonder my letter was left unanswered.	I tell you, Sharp, that I would give my head off my shoulders, this very instant, to know who has done this damned villainy!--this infernal--unnatural wrong, to my darling--to my darling!"	But being a sharp and quick young woman, Mary took care not to go too far.	I thought it was the rector when you rang.	I can say no more," exclaimed Mrs. Fermitage, with her fine fresh colour heightened by shame or anger.	He believes you to be dead and buried.	If we succeed, all men will praise us as soon as we begin to spend our money, and exert it near home at the outset.	No one had shown any truth and reality except Mr. Sharp of Oxford; but he never could have dreamed, till it came to the test, that even the lowest of the low would treat him as young Mr. Overshute had done.	Oh, Dobbin, sweet Dobbin, try one more gallop, and you shall have clover for ever!"	"Luke, how you love to ridicule me!	Here lay Grace for a long sad hour, taking no heed of the things around her, however much they heeded her.	Even the expression of his face was very slightly mollified by a first-rate meal; though some of the corners looked lubricated.	The men, on the other hand, were not sure of their sorrow to see less of him.	Of these good men (according to their lights) Hannah Patch has even deeper terror than of downright Jesuits.	Taught by adversity she did thus:--Against the gate-post she settled her most substantial availability, and exerted it, and spared it not.	They knew much better than the Squire himself what his gentle nature was, and that he always expiated a scolding with a jug of beer.	By the bye, do you know Hardenow?"	But Mr. Oglander took no notice.	Even if it be only a zealous clerk, sausage-maker, or grave-digger, thus upset in his activities; there are one or two compeers who rejoice in the heart, while they deeply lament with the lip.	Many saw a visitation for some secret sin, that otherwise might have festered inwardly and destroyed the immortal part.	To her, of course, Justice Overshute was simply a great man, who must have the chair of state, and the talk of restraint, and a clean dry hearth, and the curtsy, and the best white apron of deference.	whispered Mrs. Sharp, with much enthusiasm; "I do believe nothing escapes you, and nothing that gets into your hand ever does get out again!"	Cripps, I shall never get home to-night; and my mother will think I was poaching.	"Oh, no, so--oh, no, sir--so help me--" cried the rabbit-man, rubbing himself all over.	Time will show, with patience.	To sigh at such a sirloin--oh fie, oh fie!"	I do not think that my father would have considered it quite professional to behave so."