She knew at the last full moon that her sweetheart was thoroughly up for jilting her; and now when she had ventured out—purely of her own self–will—the wind had taken her up anyhow, and whisked her like a snow–flake against the wash–house door.	The great disaster imminent was known all over the village, and all who dared to cross the gale had crept, under shelter, hitherwards.	They had cloven the house into three ragged pieces, from the roof–ridge down to the first floor, where the solid joists had stopped them.	Not that the girl perceived one–tenth of the things being done around her, any more than I can tell them; for observation grows from as well as begets experience; and the girlish mind (and the boyish too, at any rate for the most part) has very lax and indefinite communion with nature.	“Ah, you think I have nothing for you, Robert.	Troops on the deck, drawn up in a line, and the women hoisted in first.	Now you have come about this place, I know; though itʼs a queer one for a Hoxford gent.	Georgie, you are too soft, too mild.	Poor Morshead cannot get through the work any longer by himself.	The moment he saw that her life was returning, and her deep grey eyes, quiet havens of sorrow, opened and asked where their owner was, and her breast rose like a billow in a place where two tides meet, that moment Octave laid her back against the rugged trunk, in the thick brown cloak which he had fetched when he went for the water; and wrapped it around her, delicately, as if she were taking a nap there.	I have stated to you the utmost figure of my present census.” “Ah, quite immaterial.	He was like a chrysalis, touched in the winter, when it goes on one side from the crust of the thorax, and sometimes can never get right again.	You might dig, and tap, and jump with both feet, and put your head on one side in the most knowing manner possible, and get behind a tuft of grass, and wait there ever so long, and devil a worm would come up!	It is not a premium; simply a deposit; to be returned at the expiration of the first twelve months.	I know your brother well; and a braver or more straightforward young gentleman never thought small things of himself after doing great ones.” Pearl was delighted to hear Bobʼs praises; and Mr. Pell treated that subject so cleverly, from every possible point of view, that she was quite astonished when she saw the Rectory side–gate, and Octavius, in the most light–hearted manner, made a sudden and warm farewell, and darted away for Rushford.	What was the good of being endowed with such a nose as she had, unless she could smell her master out, even through the streets of London?	Mr. Garnetʼs house, well away to the west, was embraced more closely and lovingly by the gnarled arms of the Forest than the Hall, or even the Rectory.	It is scarcely needful, perhaps, to say, knowing Mrs. Corklemore and Miss Rosedew as we do, that there was not a syllable of truth in what the former said of the latter.	The ebb of that inrush met the wave and partly took the crash of it, then the white thing was shot on the shore like a pellet, and lay one instant motionless.	Now, if you please, I have not a moment to spare.” The shopman saw that he could not, without being really impertinent, press his advice any further; and, although Cradock was so communicative, as young men are apt to be, especially about their successes, he never afforded much temptation to any one for impertinence.	You have been so very kind.	And oh, what splendid eyes!” He ran all the way to Rushford, at a pace unknown to Coræbus; and his governor–coat flew away behind him, with the sermon banging about, and the text peeping out under the pocket–lap.	Our Amy, who pleaded hard to see her, because she was sure she could do her good, received a stern sharp negative, and would have gone away offended, only she was so sorry for her.	And then what would become of zoology, phytology, entomology, and all the other yard–long names which her children spin out of her apron–strings?	Always pays in the end, though; nearly always pays in the end—so a Hoxford tradesman told me—and interest ten per cent.	skill I mean; how a clumsy pen will stumble—and ten more years of life to drill it, had elicited Amyʼs sentiments; as one who, having stropped a razor, carves his ladyʼs pincushion, or one who blowing on bright gimlet tempts the spigot of bonded wine, or varlet who with a knowing worm giveth taste of Stilton.	That is one of the mistakes we make.	Eudoxia, Dr. Hutton is kind enough to come and see us.	Many a time has he told that story, and turned his quid upon it, cleverly raining between his teeth with fine art to prolong the crisis.	What fine engraving, especially on the lower part!	I would not frighten you for the world, because itʼs all up in a moment, if you lose your presence of mind.	What a simple silly I am, to be sure!	My suggestion is, that no man should be allowed to drive an engine without having served a twelvemonthʼs apprenticeship as an omnibus conductor.	A man who has done what I have lives no more, but drags his life.	“An’ if she isnʼt illigant, then,” said Biddy to Mrs. Brown, “ate me wiʼout a purratie.	For a minute or two, the cloud–curtain lifted over St. Albanʼs Head, and a narrow bar of lively green striped the lurid heavens.	Nice behaviour, was not it?	Good–bye, my boy; be very careful.	Away went Polly, like a gale of wind; and Rufus (who was no rogue by nature, only by the force of circumstances, and then could never keep to it), he going along twenty miles an hour, set his teeth to the breeze, which came down the funnel of his cigar as down a steamerʼs chimney, stuck his calves well into Pollyʼs sides, and felt himself a happy man, going at a rocketʼs speed, to a home of happiness.	It was a good thing for him that he got it, poor fellow, for he was sadly wet and weary.	As he spoke, a heavy man entered on tiptoe, and quietly moved them aside.	The maid came out with her cap flying off, and all her mind perturbed.	And as for my hands”—she thought he had been ironical, for her hands were above regulation size—“my hands are such as pleased God to make them, and honest hands, anyhow, and doesnʼt want to interfere with other peopleʼs business.	Her first lord, or rather vassal, had been the Count de Vance—“a beggarly upstart Frenchman,” in the language of his successor, who, by–the–by, had never seen, but heard of him too often; but, according to better authority, “a man one could truly look up to; so warm–hearted, so agreeable; and never for a moment tired, dear, of his poor little simple wife.” Perhaps it is needless to state that Mr. Corklemore long had been so scientifically henpecked that he loved the operation.	First came fitful scuds of rain, “flisky” rain they call it, loose outriders of the storm, spurning the soft ice, as they dashed by, and lashing the woodmanʼs windows.	A worse row than all the mallards you grumble at could make in a thousand years will spoil your roost to–morrow night.	She must have another shot at it; but not on the present occasion.	But stop, I shall not be there on that morning; and, for formʼs sake, it must be paid first.	Lord ha’ mercy on me, a wake and sinful crater!” They all fell back, except Macbride, as before them in the twilight rose the ashy grey face and the long white hair of Colonel Clayton Nowell.	The boatmen celebrated their victory with three loud cheers for Sandy Mac, and a glass of grog all round.	Haw!” “Yes,” said Rufus Hutton, “one man saw him alive, after they shot him in the throat, and one man saved his life; and he is the man before you.” “What you, Dr. Hutton!	But tell the truth if youʼre tired.	They all believe that it must freeze harder when the sky is cloudy; not one in fifty but trembles more at the thunder than at the lightning.	Some of the tars had brought their old Dollonds, preventive glasses long cashiered, and smugglersʼ night–rakers cheek by jowl, and every sort of “perspective,” fifty years old and upward, with the lenses cracked and rattling, and fungoid tufts in the object–glass.	Still, like most men of that class, who, upon sudden reformation, love Truth so much that they roll upon her, having no firm rules of his own, and being ashamed to profess anything, with the bad life fresh in memory, he took the opinion of old fogeys who had been every bit as unblest as himself, but had sown with a drill their wild oats.	Gentlemen.	“Blow me if I can stand it,” cried Issachar Jupp, going down three stairs at a step; and when he came back his face looked clearer, and he said something about a noggin.	If you recommend any cordial, mem, on the strength of your experience, for a female of weak witality, I should take it as a dooty, mem, strictly as a dooty to my husband and two darters.” “Arrah, then, Iʼm your femmale.	Alas, poor Bob!	But he was very sorry to get so soaked, for he had his only suit of clothes on.	That day he had taken a virulent cold, which struck into his system, and harboured there for a fortnight, till it broke out in a raging fever.	He knew every run and flaw of the tide, and how it gets piled in the narrows by a very heavy storm, and runs back in the eddy which had saved so many lives there.	Both of them off, as Iʼm alive; and yet a third boat I could not see.	Now, remember one thing, my darling—for I shall love you as my own daughter—I have been very harsh and stern where, perhaps, I had no right to be so: if I am ever unkind to you, my dear, if I ever say anything hard, only say ‘Clayton Nowell’ to me, and I will forgive you directly.” “You mean I must forgive _you_, uncle.	This was Jackʼs own domain, the sea, where an animated search was going on for the body of Colonel Nowell.	I shall see you, I hope, next week.	Did you cry, yourself, Uncle Cradock, when you heard of it first?” She looked at him, as she asked this question, with such wild intensity, as if her entire opinion of him would hang upon his reply, that the old man felt himself almost compelled to tell “a corker.” “Well, my dear, I am not ashamed to confess——” “Ashamed to confess, indeed!	The terror was mutual.	Small as the room was, Job Hogstaff managed to be too late to let him in.	Your last ferocious outrage has set me thinking, and I see  things which I must have been blind not to see before.	The walk, and the thought of the miracle, and the fear of making fools of themselves, did such a deal of good, that a man got up a ‘bus for it; but Pell said, “No; none who come by ‘bus shall sit in my chair of ease.” The greedy sea returned brave Pell no other part of his property.	‘Twas young Bob Garnet, and in his arms lay the maiden senseless.	Only donʼt tell Amy; she does make such a fuss about it.	What I want to know is a very simple thing.	Half–a–crown a gross for the small ones, with the name and the cross–handle basket, and the cabbage and carrots, sir.	_Miss Nowell_, if you please, and nothing else.” “Miss Nowell, if you will only lift me down—oh, it is polished so nastily, I am slipping off already—I will promise solemnly to call you only what you like, all the rest of my life.” Eoa lifted her off in an instant.	Perhaps it never does, Sir Cradock; you knows best, as you takes it out.” Here old Job gave a quiet chuckle, and added, as if to himself, “No, of course, it couldnʼt have come in the letter–bag this morning, or master would never have blowed me up for not bringing him the bag, as nobody else got a key to it!” “How stupid of me, to be sure, how excessively stupid!” exclaimed Sir Cradock, with a sigh; “of course I had the bag, a full hour ago; and there was nothing in it but this paper.	Though the thieves had not all got home yet, they were ten degrees too cold for even an oyster–catcherʼs stomach: feathers and pip, my dear fellow!	Bob Garnet was ready to slip away, for he knew that his father would be wild about him; he had taken his drenched hat from the firetongs, and was tugging at the latch of the door.	A man deserves to be paid, you know, for high responsibility.” “And where will the”—he hardly knew what to call it—“the office, the counting–house, the headquarters be?” “Not in any common thoroughfare,” replied Mr. Wibraham, proudly; “that would never do for a business of such a character.	Octavius Pell, Mr. Rosedewʼs curate at Rushford.” Hereupon “Pello, pepuli, pulsum” (as his friends loved to call him from his driving powers at cricket, and to show that they knew some Latin) executed a noble salaam—quite of the modern school, however, and without the old reduplication (like the load on the back of Christian)—till the duckweed came out of his hat in a body, and fell into the flounce tucket of the beautiful Pearlʼs white skirt.	Of course it has your sanction.” “Amy engaged to my—to that crafty Cradock!	Put your head under my wing, Jenny Wren; oh, my darling, how cold your beak is!