Pharisaism is a denial of this and an attempt to set up an oligarchy of superior persons.	The notes of all our     birds and fowls please me without one exception.	He never ventured outside England, and even of England he knew only a few of the southern counties.	First, he tells us:   The stable yields a stercoraceous heap,   Impregnated with quick fermenting salts,   And potent to resist the freezing blast;   For, ere the beech and elm have cast their leaf,   Deciduous, when now November dark   Checks vegetation in the torpid plant,   Expos'd to his cold breath, the task begins.	This was shown in his attitude to animals.	One might say of Mr. Gosse that even in his critical work he writes largely as a poet and biographer, while Mr. Saintsbury writes of literature as though he were writing a history of wine.	As a matter of fact, he could not ignore it if he would, for style and spirit have a way of corresponding to one another like health and sunlight.	But, in spite of lies and Mystifications and gossip, they are both as real to us as if we met them walking down the Strand.	Yet I receive as much pleasure in reading the account of the     battle, in Herodotus, as anyone can.	How pleasant and unexpected it is to see a critic in his seventies as incautious, as pugnacious, as boisterous as an undergraduate!	This was probably a result of the fact that his mind marched much too fast for the ordinary man to keep pace with it.	We have in _The Pilgrim's Progress_ almost every property of romantic adventure and terror.	I sank down into the     box, and have never since ventured to set my foot into the playhouse.	One finds Mr. de la Mare's characteristic, unemphatic music again in the opening lines of _Mrs.	It may be doubted, however, whether Shakespeare was sufficiently a Tory to foresee the necessity of such a gospel in _Coriolanus_.	He has no objection to a "return to nature," if it is for purposes of recreation: he denounces it, however, when it is set up as a cult or "a substitute for philosophy and religion."	It was Bysshe who imagined that a fat old woman in a train had infected him with incurable elephantiasis.	Poetry has a double origin in joy and utility.	Myers.	As a matter of fact, Bunyan's secret is the direct opposite of this.	Sleeping-draughts may be useful to help a sick man through a bad night, but one does not recommend them as a cure for ordinary healthy thirst.	Satire and medicine are our responses to a diseased world--to our diseased selves.	The human beings in Browning's poem, however, are not mere shadows out of old magazines; they are as real as the men and women in the portraits of the masters, as real as ourselves.	Harlequin, luckily for us, took hold of his pen in _John Gilpin_ and in many of the letters.	The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.	Her husband, who was a bit of a Jacobite, lost his money on account of his opinions, even though--"a perfect gentleman at heart--'he always prayed for the King and Royal Family by name.'"	There is, it seems to me, more of the divine fire in any half-dozen of his good letters than there is in the entire six books of _The Task_.	Much as he loved the boy he had not been married again long before he allowed him to become an alien presence.	I am sure he would have endorsed heartily the House and Town     Planning Act for which I am responsible.	One realizes what an effort it must have been to rise above his century when one reads an earlier version of some of his most famous lines:   Some village Cato (----) with dauntless breast     The little tyrant of his fields withstood;   Some mute, inglorious Tully here may rest;     Some Cæsar guiltless of his country's blood.	Literary criticism is in its nature largely an incitement to enter, a hint of the treasures that are to be found within.	He is a satirist, a sort of perverted and suffering idealist: an idealist with the cynic's vision.	For the terrors, Newton, who seems to have wielded the Gospel as fiercely as a slaver's whip, was largely responsible.	Into what lands of romance does it flow, and beneath what hedges populous with birds!	His mood was the mood not of a spectator but of a revivalist.	Having lived for years in a theory of "anti-matrimonialism," he now saw himself doomed to one of those conventional marriages which had always seemed to him a denial of the holy spirit of love.	One is surprised, by the way, to find so devoted a student of Shelley--a student to whom every lover of literature is indebted for his edition of Shelley's letters as well as for the biography--referring to Shelley again and again as "Bysshe."	It was a curious by-world of literature, a little literature of death's-heads, and, therefore, no more to be mentioned with the work of the greatest than the stories of Villiers de l'Isle-Adam.	He was a realist, a romanticist, and a humourist.	Everyone goes to the Elizabethans at some time or another in the hope of coming on a long succession of sleeping beauties.	He took a young boy's pleasure in showing off the strength of his mane of dark brown hair.	Oh, the thoughts of the hardship I thought my poor blind one might go under would break my heart to pieces!"	But what, above all, attracts Mr. Saintsbury in Swift, Fielding and Johnson is their eminent manliness.	He enjoys amusing little decorations--phrases such as "concertina waves" and--   The ocean at a toy shore   Yaps like a Pekinese.	In the hands of a pinchbeck Anatole France, how unendurable the review conceived as a causerie would become!	It reflects only sick men; but it reflects them with a purpose.	Some people will contend that Wilde's laughter is always the laughter not of the open air but of the salon.	The fact that so much of his pleasure had to be kept secret from the world made it all the more necessary for him to babble when alone.	On the other hand, Shelley's story of his being attacked by a midnight assassin in Wales, after being disbelieved for three-quarters of a century, has in recent years been corroborated in the most unexpected way.	The truth is, though Swift was among the staunchest of friends, he is not among the most sociable of authors.	In the Italian days we find him planning an expedition with Byron to rescue, by main force, a man who was in danger of being burnt alive for sacrilege.	EDWARD YOUNG AS CRITIC     X.	Shelley walked away with his friend, observing, with a deep sigh: "How provokingly close are these new-born babes!"	The same eagerness of discovery is shown in his passion for kite-flying as a boy:     He was fond of flying kites, and at Field Place made an electrical     one, an idea borrowed from Franklin, in order to draw lightning     from The clouds--fire from Heaven, like a new Prometheus.	He lacked the bad sort of historical sense that will sacrifice the perfect to-morrow to pride in the imperfect yesterday.	We require in literature both the authority of tradition and the liberty of genius to such new conquests.	He has the heart of a worshipper, a lover.	One can quite easily understand how the gluttony of many publishers for anecdotes has driven writers with a respect for their intellect into revolt.	It is like the rushing to and fro of motor-buses which save minutes with great loss of life.	It is for the reviewer to raise himself above such prejudices and to discover what are Mr. Kipling's ideas apart from his art, and what is his art apart from his ideas.	_The Conduct of the Allies_ was simply a demand for a premature peace.	Cowper, instead of writing about himself and his pets, and his cucumber-frames, wrote of the wicked world from which he had retired, and the vices of which he could not attack with that particularity that makes satire interesting.	I do not think so, for, in cases of this kind, one is not judging literature, but popular books.	Coleridge's censures on Wordsworth, on the other hand, such as that on _The Daffodil_, may not all be endorsed by us to-day.	Having written a fivepenny pamphlet, _An Address to the Irish People_, he stood in the balcony of his lodgings in Lower Sackville Street, and threw copies to the passers-by.	But in such cases it is usually quite clear that the action was a jest or a piece of attitudinizing, or that the person who performed it was, as the vulgar say, "a little above himself."	Lamb, however, was free from Voltaire's vanity.	In the same way, the theologians took possession of the temple of religion and refused admittance to laymen, except as a meek and awe-struck audience.	For poetry is the blossom and the fragrancy     of all human knowledge, human thoughts, human passions, emotions,     language.	And his generous dream of bringing science to the service of humanity is revealed in his reflection:     What a comfort it would be to the poor at all times, and especially     in winter, if we could be masters of caloric, and could at will     furnish them with a constant supply!	Speaking of a fellow-disciple of the liberty of those days, Coleridge afterwards said:     John Thelwall had something very good about him.	Their arrogance is busy in vain.	He was quick-tempered and     irritable, swift to anger and swift to reconciliation, and I should     think never bore malice in his life.	As we grow older, we think of his English merely as a rather eccentric sort of coat, and we begin to recognize that geniality such as his is a part of critical genius.	He writes, it should be added, in the spirit of a collector of facts rather than of a psychologist.	He speaks here, not in the stiffness of rhetoric, but in the liberty of a new mood, never, for all he knew or cared, expressed before.	He was quick-tempered and     irritable, swift to anger and swift to reconciliation, and I should     think never bore malice in his life.	There was in him more of the Yahoo than of the decadent.	The best of the dramatists, indeed, were poets by destiny and dramatists by accident.	We love him as a good man playing the bully even more than as a wise man talking common sense.	As a poet, though he was no Puritan, he gives the impression of having been a man of general virtue.	--his clergymen, his ladies, and his tasks, he is not only constantly amusing himself, but carrying on a secret battle, with all the terrors of Hell.	Donne, in the days of his salvation, abandoned the family crest for a new one--Christ crucified on an anchor.