They preached to some Indians near the city of Buffalo, presented them with the Book of Mormon, and proceeded on their journey into the state of Ohio.	Mobbers' meetings in Independence.	5.	That must be done for them by someone on the earth.	3.	What was the Edmunds Bill?	One of the brethren reported that two hundred and three dwellings and one grist mill were destroyed.	What kind of journey was it?	Boggs permitted the mob to organize themselves into a militia and thereby become regular soldiers of the state.	Joseph asked the governor to come to Nauvoo and investigate the whole matter; but no: Joseph must go to Carthage.	cried another.	The Nephites' land also extended far up into North America.	The Saints returned to their homes in July, 1858.	5.	6.	peace!	8.	They had thought that if they could get Joseph out of the way that would be the end of "Mormonism."	But another storm was coming.	The settlement was called Garden Grove.	Nothing came of these offers.	This was all done without the knowledge of the "Mormons" or their leaders.	Thus you see they began to be a power in the land, especially when it came to voting for officers of the state and county.	14.	The Saints therefore could not agree to this, but they made an offer to buy out the lands of those who could not live in peace with them, and pay them in one year.	The prisoners now asked for a change of venue, that is, a change of place of trial.	"That is not your business."	The next evening the jailor brought a double guard with him, and six of the brethren came to see the prisoners.	Notwithstanding this ill treatment, Joseph was able the next day, it being Sunday, to preach to a large meeting and to baptize three new converts.	9.	Elder Rigdon also became a prominent man in the Church, being first counselor to President Joseph Smith during the life time of the prophet.	This body consists of twelve men who must be high priests, over which the stake presidency presides.	Character of some territorial officials.	The move to Ohio.	What was done March 4, 1849?	7. Who testified at the second trial?	12.	When the war with Spain broke out the next year, a call was made on Utah for five hundred volunteers.	12.	Brigham Young was the president of the Twelve, so in reality he was the leading man in the Church.	What is now California, Nevada, Utah, and Arizona belonged to Mexico, and as President Polk desired to get this large district of country for the United States, he sent soldiers westward to the Pacific ocean.	9. Who organized the first Sunday School?	On the night of October 31, 1833, a mob marched to the Whitmer settlement of the Saints where they whipped several of the brethren to death, drove the women and children into the woods, and tore the roofs from about a dozen houses.	Nearly every day there were meetings held in the temple.	This of course was inspired by the evil one, who did his best to stop the progress of the Church.	What was Orson Hyde's mission to Palestine?	[2] Topics.--1.	Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, Parley P. Pratt, Orson Pratt, and George A. Smith arrived on April 6, 1840.	During the time of this crusade thirteen hundred persons suffered from fines or imprisonment.	The elders now took up their labors among the Indians.	In time the Lamanites occupied all of South America except a small part in the north, on which the Nephites lived.	By the time the Church had been in Utah a few years, quite a number of the Saints had obeyed this law and entered plural marriage.	This was the first mission to any foreign country, and in those days of slow travel, a trip to Europe was no small matter.	Where is the land of Zion?	The poor Saints who were left at Nauvoo were not forgotten.	4.	Who was Lehi?	Col. R.T. Burton was now ordered by Gen. Daniel H. Wells, commander of the Utah militia, to take a small body of men and guard the emigrant trains that were coming in.	THE "CRUSADE."	At one time, when the Legion was having a sham fight, Bennett tried to get Joseph into a position that he might be shot without anyone knowing who did it.	This gave them the power to lay on hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, and also to go forth and administer in the ordinances of the gospel.	The governor, however, could do nothing.	More of the brethren had joined the company on the way, and now it numbered two hundred and five men.	2.	One day, about the 1st of February, 1831, a sleigh containing two men and two women, drove through the streets of Kirtland, Ohio, and stopped at the door of Gilbert and Whitney's store.	Tell about the martyrdom.	8.	Many other witnesses were called, but the above is a fair sample of the questions and the answers received.	The reorganization of the First Presidency.	One of these revelations, called the Vision, tells of the three glories which are in store for the children of God, besides many other grand teachings which some day you will want to read.	Sidney Rigdon then dedicated the land.	Fielding would not let the elders use his church, as he was afraid they would take away his congregation.	The children were playing on the banks of the creek, and their merry laugh was echoed by the birds in the forest close at hand.	All this western country was then called Upper California.	In the days of Nauvoo, in 1843, Joseph the Prophet had received a revelation from God, saying that it was right for good men holding the priesthood to have more wives than one.	They were to go into the wilderness through the western states and into the Indian Territory, preaching by the way whenever a chance afforded.	He succeeded in driving the mob from Daviess county, but this of course, only made the excitement the greater.	7.	3.	The captain tried to show President Young how useless it would be for a few "Mormons" to resist a nation like the United States.	Joseph gave Wilford Woodruff a silk handkerchief which he was to use in healing some children.	7. Who were the Lamanites?	Thus the Lord puts the spirit of gathering into the hearts of the believers, and his purposes are fulfilled.