You cannot love poor me for my sake, but you are doing this for fear of not doing your duty.	The driver looked with concern at the storm which was coming again down the mountain like a great white wave.	I can't get mother to stay over night.	I heard the preachers and read the philosophers to obtain, if possible, a clue to the mystery of life.	What if she--should die!	The presentation could hardly be said to teach respect for old age, but the audience laughed uproariously at it.	"What do you mean!"	When the merriment had ceased, uncle Zed continued: "There is some truth in these definitions.	Apply it again either to an individual or to the race, in time, some would attain to what we conceive of as perfection, and the term by which such beings are known to us is God.	Now I must clear away my table and get ready for meeting.	He meets her in the city sometimes.	Yes, I have always, even as a child, looked up to you as someone big and strong and good--Yes, I have always worshiped you, loved you!	yet he could not appeal to her.	"I should like to see her again," continued Dorian.	"Not going home?	It was a place to work.	I'm not afraid."	Man must be born from above.	He now seated himself on the bank beside her.	"In not seeing how much Mildred thinks of you."	Uncle Zed had left with the Bishop a written statement, not in the form of a will, wherein he told what disposition was to be made of his simple belongings.	The father and mother went to bed early, leaving the two young people by the dining-room fire.	"Yes; haven't you met him?	"No; not exactly.	Carlia laughed scornfully.	A soul who cannot function in the celestial glory, may do so in the terrestrial glory; one who cannot function in the terrestrial, may in the telestial; and one who cannot 'abide the law' or function in the telestial must find a place of no glory.	exclaimed Dorian at sight of her.	"I'll come back for you.	When she had entirely disappeared, Dorian went back, gathered up his bundles, locked the door, and went wonderingly and meditatingly home.	Now, let us take one of these Intelligences away back in the far distance past and place him in the path of progress so that the eternal law of growth and advancement will operate on him.	Speak to Him there, for He hears, and spirit with spirit can meet,   Closer is He than breathing, and nearer than hands and feet.'	The earth and all things on it known by the term nature is what I came here to know.	Darwin's book was rather heavy, but by close application, the young student thought he learned what the scientist was "driving at."	"Where shall we hang Dorian's picture?"	Yes, ever since we were children playing in the fields and by the creek and the ditches.	"Then you'll ride with us.	He read: "'The acquisition of wealth brings with it the obligation of helping the poor; the acquisition of knowledge brings with it the obligation of teaching others; the acquisition of strength and power brings with it the obligation of helping the weak.	Carlia introduced her escort, Mr. Lamont.	The girl reached for a chair, then seated herself.	Think of our all being bathed in a substance so delicate as to be itself unperceived, yet so dense as to be the carriage to our senses of messages from the world about us!	When she saw Dorian, she smiled and reached out her hand, letting it lie in the big strong one.	he asked as quietly as his trembling voice would allow.	"What, Uncle Zed?"	"I think perhaps we'll have to stop at the Hickson's tonight," he said.	He had hardly realized that of his father's and he was not present when Mildred had passed away; but here he was again with death, and alone.	With a sob she broke and sank down by the table, hiding her face in her arms.	Dorian is a good boy, and I want all of you to know it."	There was a winter scene where the houses were so sunk into the earth that only the roofs were visible.	Immutable law decrees it, and not simply the ruling of an all wise power.	"Oh, no; he's just uncle to everybody and no one in particular.	Let us see: The sun rises, we say.	Uncle Zed held out his hand and smiled.	"That wasn't the whole truth.	abruptly asked Uncle Zed.	He had not expected her that afternoon as he thought the picture which she had been working on was finished; but after adjusting the flow of water, he joined her, relieving her of stool and easel.	Now, don't be too long with your hoeing or with your chores, for supper will be early this evening."	"I sometimes have thought that you cared for me--but I'm through with that now.	Just hand me the book.	"I've come to give you an invitation."	"Well, that might help some.	As Dorian approached, he saw a young man working with the machinery under the lifted hood.	"Done?	"What's the matter with you, Carlia?"	"A very simple matter.	Then, as she still gazed at him, her countenance changed and with concern in her voice, she asked, "Where's Carlia?"	Darkness came on.	Who are these people, and what are you doing here?"	When Mildred had packed up to go home on the occasion of her former visit she had invited Mrs. Trent to take her pick of her drawings for her own.	"Well, you look all right, but looks are deceivin'."	The Christmas holidays that season were nearly spoiled for him.	Open the door, it's terribly stuffy in here."	They stood silently for a few moments side by side, looking at the glory of the setting sun through banks of clouds and then down behind the purple mountain.	"We can't do that now, of course; but after a while when we get more time.	"No; I guess not; but that's understood."	He wanted to visit again the house where Carlia had been.	"Not now," added the mother in a tone which indicated that she did not wish the implied occasion to be too severe.	I have reached that point now, and so I am ready at any time, thank the Lord."	He walked back to the fire-place and seated himself on the arm of Carlia's chair.	She saw him, so there was no escape, and they spoke to each other.	he asked.	"It means, my boy, that the way of progress is the way of unselfish labor.	"What do you think of it?"	asked Dorian.