That explains everything!	Yet the strychnine must have been administered between seven and nine o’clock that evening.	_Comme ça!_” And he snapped his fingers expressively.	It struck me that it would be a good opportunity to deliver my message.	I will pour it out.” “Do not trouble, Mary,” said Inglethorp.	“Oh, my friend, have I not said to you all along that I have no proofs.	But she wasn’t going to own that I’d been right.	Japp was regarding Poirot with comical perplexity.	Accordingly, I went to the little house with the “Apartments” card inserted in the window, where I knew he lodged, and tapped on the door.	He turned to the other man.	I merely obtained them for comparison.	It is tremendous!” “Y—es——” “Ah!” Poirot shook his forefinger so fiercely at me that I quailed before it.	Yes”—his eyes wandered round the room—“this boudoir has nothing more to tell us.	She put off her project until the early hours of the morning as being safer, since the servants were accustomed to hearing her move about her room at that time.	“Will you come with us, Monsieur Poirot?	I have an idea that I was out walking.” “In what direction?” “I really can’t remember.” The Coroner’s face grew graver.	It is one thing to know that a man is guilty, it is quite another matter to prove him so.	Because she wished to destroy something, and could think of no other way.	Of course it did not take effect until the early morning, since the cocoa was only drunk in the middle of the night.” “So you think that the cocoa—mark well what I say, Hastings, the _cocoa_—contained strychnine?” “Of course!	Guess at her relief when strychnine is mentioned, and she discovers that after all the tragedy is not her doing.	I had never understood his insistence on that point.	“It’s jolly difficult to know how to treat him.” “That difficulty will not exist long,” pronounced Poirot quietly.	By placing—one card—on another—with mathematical—precision!” I watched the card house rising under his hands, story by story.	“Visitors were not permitted below at that hour, so, in spite of my many apologies, Mademoiselle Cynthia’s colleague had to go down and fetch it for me.” “Then you knew what you were going to find?” “No, not at all.	The man came and put it right on Tuesday morning.” With a long drawn exclamation of ecstasy, Poirot led the way back to the morning-room.	“Really,” I continued, “it’s her extraordinary vehemence against Inglethorp that started me off suspecting her.	“But I must ask you to trust me.	The strychnine that killed Mrs. Inglethorp was the identical strychnine prescribed by Dr. Wilkins.	Never have I seen such a ghastly look on any man’s face.	I’d love him to see it.	The prisoner had, accordingly, gone to the appointed spot, and after waiting there vainly for half an hour had returned home.	When I cited her and John Cavendish as being above suspicion?” “Oh—ah—yes.” He seemed a little confused, but recovered himself.	“See you, one should not ask for outside proof—no, reason should be enough.	“If that man comes into the house, I leave it!” “No, no!” Poirot went up to her and pleaded in a low voice.	How he twisted every little fact until he made it seem what it wasn’t!” “Well,” I said consolingly, “it will be the other way about to-morrow.” “Yes,” she said meditatively; then suddenly dropped her voice.	Obviously.	“Have some coffee, and tell us what you have been up to.” “Thank you, I will.” He laughed rather ruefully, as he described how he had discovered a very rare species of fern in an inaccessible place, and in his efforts to obtain it had lost his footing, and slipped ignominiously into a neighbouring pond.	There was a pretty rogue for you!	His futile denials would not have convinced a child.	It is an L., depend upon it!” “Where did it come from?” I asked curiously.	But no—her zeal for good works was too great.	He naturally concluded that his stepmother had had two quarrels.	The whole thing is absurd and ridiculous to the last degree.” “Still you are right in one thing.	Then she came across to the window where you sat with Mademoiselle Cynthia.	We will look at the chest, although—but no matter—we will examine it all the same.” We entered the house by one of the windows.	“Poor Emily!	The heads of the many fashionably attired women present were busily laid together, and their whispers became so loud that the judge angrily threatened to have the court cleared if there was not immediate silence.	“With this latter idea in my mind, I examined all the coffee-cups most carefully, remembering that it was Mrs. Cavendish who had brought Mademoiselle Cynthia her coffee the night before.	There was certainly nothing of the policeman about them.	All transactions were entered in their books.	How he could be such a fool beats me!” But Japp was looking attentively at Poirot.	So the last hope of solving the mystery, by means of Mrs. Inglethorp’s correspondence on the fatal evening, had to be abandoned.	“Mary”—his voice was very quiet now—“are you in love with this fellow Bauerstein?” She hesitated, and suddenly there swept across her face a strange expression, old as the hills, yet with something eternally young about it.	The pleading died out of his voice.	She waved me away impatiently.	The young man departed, and as he closed the door Poirot’s eyes met mine.	_Mon Dieu!_ I had some warm moments in that court; I did not figure to myself that the man would be so pig-headed as to refuse to say anything at all.	What can she do?	I was out in the evening.	What a net he has drawn around my poor John!	The house was constantly besieged by reporters, who were consistently denied admission, but who continued to haunt the village and the grounds, where they lay in wait with cameras, for any unwary members of the household.	“Well?” I inquired, as soon as we were protected from prying eyes by the leafy screen.	This is a very important discovery.” “I do not know,” said Poirot.	The little man appeared to be taking the whole house into his confidence, a proceeding of which I, for one, doubted the wisdom.	The quarrel which had taken place between prisoner and his stepmother was freely admitted, but both it and his financial embarrassments had been grossly exaggerated.	It _must_ be Alfred Inglethorp.” Poirot shook his head gravely.	As for me, I was literally dumb with astonishment.	It was neither more nor less than the deliberate poisoning of a fond and trusting woman by the stepson to whom she had been more than a mother.	You see, under the terms of their father’s will, while John inherited the property, Lawrence, at his stepmother’s death, would come into a considerable sum of money.	“I will put my question in another form.	“What a funny time to come.” I glanced jealously at Mary Cavendish, but she seemed quite undisturbed, the delicate pallor of her cheeks did not vary.	He’d better come to tea there one day.	The Belgian who is here?	She seemed to be supporting the girl, who looked utterly dazed and unlike herself.	Cavendish, I have some important business in Tadminster.	No wonder Miss Howard had suggested “hushing it up.” Now I understood that unfinished sentence of hers: “Emily herself——” And in my heart I agreed with her.	It is unparalleled for the _mal de tête_.” He jumped up and took her cup.	I must say I was overjoyed to see him in the plight he was in on Tuesday.	I wouldn’t lift a finger to—to——” She faltered.	Did you notice the postmark?” “No—but——” “Ah, you did _not_ notice the postmark!	For the love of Heaven, direct me to a garage, madame!’ And, before I could answer, he had dashed out into the street.” I hurried to the window.	What lay beneath them?	And I had an idea she might know something about the destroying of the will.