He was alternately whining and threatening.	Cannot his wife tell you what you want to know?"	"_Mon Dieu!_ no.	"Yes."	She had come then!	"Were you aware that he had called in the services of a detective?"	I looked into some other rooms, but there was no sign of her.	"Can you describe them at all, madame?"	We passed through the house, and out by the front door.	I ought to have trusted you.	"It may be as you say.	Though slightly surprised at the request, Mrs.  Renauld held them out to him.	"My dear Poirot--never mind all that.	Again Maître Grosíer burst out, and again Jack overrode him.	"Go on," repeated the girl steadily.	"When was it done?	Still, that does not arise, as you do not propose to see the lady again."	They take counsel together.	And that is not all.	But what does he think he will find there?"	But that is madness.	"Oh, monsieur!	But her partisans received several severe checks to their enthusiasm.	cried the commissary.	"No," I said hastily, "I don't want him.	"Bella was at our digs in London.	"Had a lady been to see him that evening?"	"They seem to me a little vehement, perhaps, that is all."	"I object, monsieur!	He is under arrest for the murder of his father, M. Paul Renauld."	"Their names are unknown, but they are presumed to be Chilians from Santiago.	But I think he will find it hard to prove his innocence."	"Hardly.	Why had he gone to the Hôtel du Phare?	"No one who knew would bury a body there--unless--unless--they _wanted_ it to be discovered.	"When last I saw you," I said, "you were trotting home with your sister, like a good little girl.	And there was the identical paper-knife--wicked little thing!--that Jack had given Bella!	Ask them to enter."	She'd go mad if she had time to brood on what she'd done.	Two pairs of old gloves interested him, but in the end he shook his head and laid them aside.	"Ah!	They counted on leaving no traces!	But this woman, whose fairy tales of royal intrigues had been so easily accepted, had the supreme art of making herself believed.	"We do not advance very much.	I had not seen it hanging there before, and guessed that it belonged to either Mr. Stonor, or Jack Renauld.	"By _this_.	"There is one inference I think we might draw," remarked the commissary suddenly.	Then I realized that this dark head was untouched with grey, and that, in point of fact, it was a mere boy who now burst in among us with so little ceremony.	He is stabbed--stabbed to the heart _with the same dagger_!"	But where was the lady?	he remarked suddenly, with an intonation of relief.	They say you arrived by the 11:40 train."	I should have enjoyed telling him what I thought of his unwarranted interference.	Poirot had displayed his intentions only too plainly.	Renauld."	He rose to his feet.	He laughed a short, unpleasant laugh.	"Not longer?"	If you have any idea that she was concerned in the crime, or was the mysterious lady who called upon Mr. Renauld that night, you are wrong.	Is it agreed?"	After various formalities and preliminaries, we were conducted to the examining magistrate's room.	Although I could not expect his confidence after what had happened, I could still check his actions.	What's it like?"	"_Maman_," whispered Marthe, "I must go."	asked the magistrate, studying him cautiously out of the corner of his eye.	As he examined them, I fancied that a momentary flicker of excitement I had seen in his eyes disappeared.	"It would make a good film, the story that you have recounted to me there--but it bears no sort of resemblance to everyday life."	In a minute Poirot stood up again.	The girl hesitated.	"It is a strange wound, this!	It is altogether most irregular.	The confession of ignorance drawn from him over the match end had, I thought, been bound to humiliate him, but here he was self satisfied as ever, laying down the law to the great Giraud without a tremor.	The man shook his head, and seemed to be suppressing a grin.	Stonor accompanied him.	I regret infinitely to derange you, but you will perhaps understand that the atmosphere of the Villa is not too congenial to me.	"It seems logical enough."	"This letter, M. Poirot, we found in the pocket of the dead man's overcoat."	.	That animal Giraud, his manners are abominable, but he is undoubtedly clever!	I rather fancy--" "Yes?"	It is absurd, is it not?	An unknown hand stabs him in the back.	A perplexed frown was beginning to gather between Poirot's eyes.