“I’m darned if I do!	As a hiding-place for one or, at a pinch, two men, it was ideal, being about two feet deep and three feet wide.	Besides, he wouldn’t mind if he did.	Again Tommy felt that cold chill of uncertainty.	How would it be if you attached little Conrad here to my person.	Half an hour after arrival, haggard and pale, Tommy stood before his chief.	Elementary, my dear Watson--the smell of onions is unmistakable.” “Talk away,” grunted the man.	‘Is he still here?’ ‘No, he went back to town almost immediately.’ ‘What a pity!’ I ejaculated.	I thought that was distinctly understood?” “It was, sir.	There was a man aboard that boat with some mighty important papers on him, and the big guns in this country have got a notion that he passed on the goods to you.	Julius before the safe in the flat, her own question and the pause before his reply, “Nothing.” Was there really nothing?	They knew him now for a spy, and would in all probability give him short shrift.	“We got to Bournemouth all right.	Remember that.	Tommy rose obediently.	Tommy felt a cold chill at the thought.	“Impossible.	“Yours, “TOMMY BERESFORD.” A peculiar smile lingered for a moment on Julius’s face.	“I’ve tried to think of everything.” Sir James smiled.	Did they know of any relatives?	But excuse me, sir, it’ll be too dark for you to see much of the house.	A slatternly looking servant, with an extremely dirty face and a pair of eyes that did not match, answered the door.	It was King’s Cross, not _Charing_ Cross.)	Anyway, she came right across and looked out.	Tommy lived through an eternity of hours, but at last he heard footsteps.	George!” “Yes, sir?” The chauffeur turned his head.	A policeman was approaching.	I’ll drop this on the road if I get a chance.	He did not doubt but that she would recognize it and draw her own conclusions.	“No, that’s Julius,” explained Tuppence.	“That’s all right.” The man withheld it.	Let’s go round to the scene of the crime.	The light died out of Mrs. Vandemeyer’s eyes.	But there it is, she can tell you nothing.” “But why, man?	I dare say we were a couple of young fools to take on such a job.	But it has, you know, really it has.” He smiled again in his tired way, and continued reflectively.	I was beautiful, you see--very beautiful----” “You are still,” said Tuppence with admiration.	But I soon altered my mind.	She thought a minute or two, then tapped Albert on the shoulder.	If you’ll help me, I’ll take you away from the lot of them.	He nodded as though she had answered.	Ask for Mr. Hersheimmer, and when you get him tell him to get Sir James and come on at once, as Mrs. Vandemeyer is trying to hook it.	But I thought maybe it was her back history you were after, and that you’d know where she was now?” “Well, we wouldn’t mind hearing her back history,” said Tuppence guardedly.	Stew?	There’s nobody to put Mr. Brown wise.” The lawyer shrugged his shoulders.	“Look there.	‘What’s he doing down here?	Julius nodded gravely.	“Child’s play to the masculine mind.” “I don’t mind admitting that for once you’ve scored handsomely.	“He’s--ah!” With a shriek of terror she sprang to her feet.	Ready Rita they call her in the States.” “Ready Rita,” repeated Albert deliriously.	He rang up the _Ritz_ and asked for Julius Hersheimmer.	“And _I_‘ll look after _you_,” retorted Tuppence, resenting the manly assertion.	“I think Mrs. Vandemeyer’s boudoir would be the most comfortable,” she said at last, and led the way there.	“Sure thing.” Tommy nodded.	His voice was very ordinary and quiet, but somehow, I don’t know why, he scared me worse than the woman.	Somehow, with the coming of the light, the dreads and fancies of the past night seemed absurd.	(You see, I can do it too.)	The immediate result of this set-back was to effect a _rapprochement_ between Julius Hersheimmer and the Young Adventurers.	It isn’t worth it.	It would do you no harm to do a little brain work too.” “My union, Tuppence, my union!	There was a strange gleam in her electric-blue eyes.	Now and then she nodded, and sometimes she’d shake her head, as though she were answering questions.	“She’s a hostage, that’s what she is.	What’s the best place to stay at for the night round here?” Mrs. Sweeny looked doubtful.	Vandemeyer came round the screen at once.	What have you been doing?” For a moment, Tommy stared at him.	So far it was all plain sailing.	Come on, Julius.	Won’t you save her from their clutches?” “You mean Jane Finn?” “Yes.” “It is her you came here to look for?	You shall not lose your lives because of me.	Dr. Hall turned an appealing face to Sir James, who smiled slightly.	We never know.	Mr. Carter must be warned.	It was so exactly what one expected that it gave the effect of being beautifully staged.	I--never heard of her!” “You’re a darned liar!	“I’ve got it!	Mrs. Vandemeyer passed her tongue over her dried lips.	It gave her a dreadful sense of kinship to the woman fronting her.	“I don’t understand.	There’s no humbug about her.	Sir James spoke first.	CHAPTER XXII.