Three of the young had contrived to entangle themselves in it, and had become full-grown without being able to launch themselves upon the air.	The brown thrush has moved farther up country.	He saddens with the season, and, as summer declines, he changes his note to _cheu, pewee!_ as if in lamentation.	For many years I have been in the habit of noting down some of the leading events of my embowered solitude, such as the coming of certain birds and the like,--a kind of _memoires pour servir,_ after the fashion of White, rather than properly digested natural history.	The ground and tree sparrows are our most constant performers.	If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.	Country boys make a hole with their finger in the snow-crust just large enough to admit the jay's head, and, hollowing it out somewhat beneath, bait it with a few kernels of corn.	Dr. Watts's statement that "birds in their little nests agree," like too many others intended to form the infant mind, is very far from being true.	Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.	But when they come after cherries to the tree near my window, they muffle their voices, and their faint _pip pip pop!_ sounds far away at the bottom of the garden, where they know I shall not suspect them of robbing the great black-walnut of its bitter-rinded store.	But his opera-season is a short one.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	The robins are not good solo singers, but their chorus, as, like primitive fire-worshippers, they hail the return of light and warmth to the world, is unrivalled.	I seem to glimpse something of this familiar weakness in Mr. White.	The barn-swallows, which once swarmed in our barn, flashing through the dusty sun-streak of the mow, have been gone these many years.	They grew so wonted as to throw off a great part of their shyness, and to tolerate my near approach.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	One very hot day I stood for some time within twenty feet of a mother and three children, who sat on an elm bough over my head gasping in the sultry air, and holding their wings half-spread for coolness.	The pewee is the first bird to pipe up in the morning; and during the early summer he preludes his matutinal ejaculation of _pewee_ with a slender whistle, unheard at any other time.	Let them steal, and welcome.	There was no growth of any kind to conceal them, and yet these ordinarily shy birds were almost as indifferent to my passing as common poultry would have been.	The nest was wholly woven and felted with ravellings of woollen carpet in which scarlet predominated.	He had the volubility of an Italian charlatan at a fair, and, like him, appeared to be proclaiming the merits of some quack remedy.	Suddenly ceasing their cries and threats.	He steals the corn from under the noses of my poultry.	empty of its so long-loved household) they build by hundreds, and nothing can be more cheery than their creaking clatter (like a convention of old-fashioned tavern-signs) as they gather at evening to debate in mass meeting their windy politics, or to gossip at their tent-doors over the events of the day.	The catbird is as shy as the robin is vulgarly familiar.	Of late years the jays have visited us only at intervals; and in winter their bright plumage, set off by the snow, and their cheerful cry, are especially welcome.	They differ greatly in vocal talent, but all have a delightful way of crooning over, and, as it were, rehearsing their song in an undertone, which makes their nearness always unobtrusive.	I have noted but two days' difference in the coming of the song-sparrow between a very early and a very backward spring.	They had brought their work nearly to an end, and had already begun to line it with fern-down, the gathering of which demanded more distant journeys and longer absences.	How paltry it looked at the bottom of my basket,--as if a humming-bird had laid her egg in an eagle's nest!	One was unharmed; another had so tightly twisted the cord about its shank that one foot was curled up and seemed paralyzed; the third, in its struggles to escape, had sawn through the flesh of the thigh and so much harmed itself that I thought it humane to put an end to its misery.	However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other form.	Several times their unconscious victims repaired damages, but at length, after counsel taken together, they gave it up.	J.R.L.	Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	This spring, as I was cleansing a pear-tree of its lichens, one of these little zigzagging blurs came purring toward me, couching his long bill like a lance, his throat sparkling with angry fire, to warn me off from a Missouri-currant whose honey he was sipping.	The return of the robin is commonly announced by the newspapers, like that of eminent or notorious people to a watering-place, as the first authentic notification of spring.	They had fairly sacked the vine.	For my own part, I would rather have his cheerfulness and kind neighborhood than many berries.	Would the same thing have happened in the woods?	A pair of orioles built on the lowest trailer of a weeping elm, which hung within ten feet of our drawing-room window, and so low that I could reach it from the ground.	With whatever faults, he has not wholly forfeited that superiority which belongs to the children of nature.	Section 1.	is a rational question that bears not remotely on the making of hay and the prosperity of crops.	Lumberers have a notion that he is harmful to timber, digging little holes through the bark to encourage the settlement of insects.	You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org 1.E.2.	The crow is very comical as a lover, and to hear him trying to soften his croak to the proper Saint Preux(1) standard has something the effect of a Mississippi boatman quoting Tennyson.	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	He is a shy bird, but a few days ago I had the satisfaction of studying him through the blinds as he sat on a tree within a few feet of me.	He keeps a strict eye over one's fruit, and knows to a shade of purple when your grapes have cooked long enough in the sun.	Almost every season a solitary quail visits us, and, unseen among the currant bushes, alls _Bob White, Bob White,_ as if he were playing at hide-and-seek with that imaginary being.	Do we not share his indignation at that stupid Martin who had graduated his thermometer no lower than 4o above zero of Fahrenheit, so that in the coldest weather ever known the mercury basely absconded into the bulb, and left us to see the victory slip through our fingers, just as they were closing upon it?	Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.	And such his appearance in the orchard and garden undoubtedly is.	In building the nest, a long piece of packthread had been somewhat loosely woven in.	"Did the wind back round, or go about with the sun?"	They became strong of wing in a surprisingly short time, and I never saw them or the male bird after, though the female was regular as usual in her visits to our petunias and verbenas.	The bobolinks are generally chance visitors, tinkling through the garden in blossoming-time, but this year, owing to the long rains early in the season, their favorite meadows were flooded, and they were driven to the upland.	But it was Sunday, and I gave him the benefit of its gracious truce of God.	Nay, the observations on finance of an M.C.	They are noisy enough then, and sing, as poets should, with no afterthought.	At Shady Hill(1) (now, alas!	I could not help laughing; and the robins seemed to join heartily in the merriment.	We have no bird whose song will match the nightingale's in compass, none whose note is so rich as that of the European blackbird; but for mere rapture I have never heard the bobolink's rival.	He could never sally forth without insult.	I have never been quite able to fathom the local, or rather geographical partialities of birds.	Twice have the crow-blackbirds attempted a settlement in my pines, and twice have the robins, who claim a right of preemption, so successfully played the part of border-ruffians as to drive them away,--to my great regret, for they are the best substitute we have for rooks.	I was keeping my grapes a secret to surprise the fair Fidele with, but the robins made them a profounder secret to her than I had meant.	1.F.3.	_Opodeldoc-opodeldoc-try-Doctor-Lincoln's-opodeldoc!_ he seemed to repeat over and over again, with a rapidity that would have distanced the deftest-tongued Figaro that ever rattled.	I _think_ he oologizes.	I watched them from day to day till they should have secreted sugar enough from the sunbeams, and at last made up my mind that I would celebrate my vintage the next morning.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.	He, too, has shared in these mercurial triumphs and defeats.	Even Chateaubriand, who first tried the primitive-forest-cure, and whose description of the wilderness in its imaginative effects is unmatched, fancies the "people of the air singing their hymns to him."	1.B.	If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.