In this cathedral of Dante's there are side-chapels as is fit, with altars to all Christian virtues and perfections; but the great impression of its leading thought is that of aspiration, for ever and ever.	Mr. Masson has already occupied thirteen hundred and seventy-eight pages in getting Milton to his thirty-fifth year, and an interval of eleven years stretches between the dates of the first and second instalments of his published labors.	It is very likely that years and widened experience of men may have produced in him their natural result of tolerant wisdom which revolts at the hasty destructiveness of inconsiderate zeal.	Its inmates meet you in the street every day.	He also shrank from     the Law, although Southey often told him that he was well fitted for     the higher parts of the profession.	[383] Should we refuse to say _obleeged_ with Pope because the fashion has changed?	He says of London that "he was committed to the Tower, where for more than two months he lay, with as near a prospect as ever prisoner had of a _chop_ with the executioner's axe on a scaffold on Tower Hill."	133, 134.	He produces his effects by dilating our imaginations with an impalpable hint rather than by concentrating them upon too precise particulars.	The relation of the Greek Tragedy to the higher powers is chiefly antagonistic, struggle against an implacable destiny, sublime struggle, and of heroes, but sure of defeat at last.	He makes the Romans as well as the Jews a chosen people, the one as founders of civil society, the other as depositaries of the true faith.	"_     [277] Louis XIV.	Ib.	But Mr. Masson's notes on the language are his weakest.	He saw in them the latest authentic news of the God who made them, for he carried everywhere that vision washed clear with tears which detects the meaning under the mask, and, beneath the casual and transitory, the eternal keeping its sleepless watch.	And, even while he chose the most artificial of all forms, his aim--that of getting back to nature and life--was conscious, I have no doubt, to himself, and must be obvious to whoever reads with anything but the ends of his fingers.	9.)	And yet he cannot refrain.	Footnotes:     [263] Though always misapplied in quotation, as if he had used the     word in that generalized meaning which is common now, but which could     not without an impossible anachronism have been present to his mind.	[162] II.	To understand fully what he accomplished we must form some conception of what is meant by the Christian idea.	Dante himself has supplied us with hints and dates which enable us to watch the germination and trace the growth of his double theory of government, applicable to man as he is a citizen of this world, and as he hopes to become hereafter a freeman of the celestial city.	More than once, at least, he has fancied them by misunderstanding the passage in which they seem to occur.	[279] In 1594 he had been married to the lady celebrated in his somewhat artificial _amoretti_.	One would     think that the strange charm of Coleridge's most truly original poems     lay in this very emancipation from the laws of cause and effect.	Man is,     according to Dante, superior to the angels in this, that he is     capable both of reason and contemplation, while they are confined to     the latter.	Of this more hereafter."	[106] Convito, Tr.	Spenser's notions of love were so nobly pure, so far from those of our common ancestor who could hang by his tail, as not to disqualify him for achieving the quest of the Holy Grail, and accordingly it is not uninstructive to remember that he had drunk, among others, at French sources not yet deboshed with _absinthe_.	He several times     confesses it, especially in the De Vulgari Eloquio, I.	[326] "It is recorded," says his biographer vaguely, "that the poet's father set him very early to learn portions of the best English poets by heart, so that at an early age he could repeat large portions of Shakespeare, Milton, and Spenser.	In     the above-cited passage some of the best texts read _I s' appellava_,     and others _Un s' appellava_.	His best poems always remind me of a table-land, where, because all is so level, we are apt to forget on how lofty a plane we are standing.	[244] Dante's "Limbo," of course, is the older "Limbus Patrum."	And we like it all the more that it reminds us of that passage in his friend Sidney's _Arcadia_, where the shepherd-boy pipes "as if he would never be old."	[172] Convito, Tr.	For example, he thinks it would be a "horror," if in the verse   "That invincible Samson far renowned" we should lay the stress on the first syllable of _invincible_.	He drags back by its tangled locks the unwilling head of some petty traitor of an Italian provincial town, lets the fire glare on the sullen face for a moment, and it sears itself into the memory forever.	Whatever there is of sentiment and passion is for the most part purely disembodied and without sex, like that of angels,--a kind of poetry which has of late gone out of fashion, whether to our gain or not may be questioned.	"In Cuddy is set forth the perfect pattern of a Poet, which finding no maintenance of his state and studies, complaineth of the contempt of Poetry and the causes thereof, specially having been in all ages, and even amongst the most barbarous, always of singular account and honor, _and being indeed so worthy and commendable an art, or rather no art, but a divine gift and heavenly instinct not to be gotten by labor and learning, but adorned with both, and poured into the wit by a certain Enthousiasmos and celestial inspiration_, as the author hereof elsewhere at large discourseth in his book called THE ENGLISH POET, which book being lately come into my hands, I mind also by God's grace, upon further advisement, to publish."	In 1778 he was sent to a school founded by Edwin Sandys, Archbishop of York, in the year 1585, at Hawkshead in Lancashire.	No one can read this in its connection with what goes before and what follows without feeling that a new conception of Beatrice had dawned upon the mind of Dante, dim as yet, or purposely made to seem so, and yet the authentic forerunner of the fulness of her rising as the light of his day and the guide of his feet, the divine wisdom whose glory pales all meaner stars.	No reader of adequate insight can help regretting that he did not earlier give himself to "the trade of classic niceties."	Perhaps we should read "lost"?	It is no superficial and tiresome merriment, but a profound delight in the beauty of the universe and in that delicately surfaced nature of his which was its mirror and counterpart.	II.	Fifty years have since demonstrated that the true judgment of one man outweighs any counterpoise of false judgment, and that the faith of mankind is guided to a man only by a well-founded faith in himself.	Plainly enough here was a man who had received something other than Episcopal ordination.	By and by the powerful impress of Burns is seen both in the topics of his verse and the form of his expression.	[189] Convito, Tr.	22-27.]	"And since what is true of the part is true of the whole, and it happens in the particular man that by sitting quietly he is perfected in prudence and wisdom, it is clear that the human race in the quiet or tranquillity of peace is most freely and easily disposed for its proper work which is almost divine, as it is written, 'Thou hast made him a little lower than the angels'[215] Whence it is manifest that universal peace is the best of those things which are ordained for our beatitude.	Of his college life the chief record is to be found in "The Prelude."	It would be of little consequence to show in which of two equally selfish and short-sighted parties a man enrolled himself six hundred years ago, but it is worth something to know that a man of ambitious temper and violent passions, aspiring to office in a city of factions, could rise to a level of principle so far above them all.	Pietro di Dante gives us four interpretations among which to choose, the first being that, "allegorically, depraved and vicious men are in a certain sense dead in reputation, and this is the first death; the second is that of the body."	If I apprehend rightly his words and images, there is not only subtile but profound thinking here.	To say it of a poem is even worse, for it is to say that what should be true of the whole compass of human nature is true only to some north-and-by-east-half-east point of it.	And yet the commentators, who seem never willing to let their poet be a poet pure and simple, though, had he not been so, they would have lost their only hold upon life, try to make out from his "Mother Hubberd's Tale" that he might have been a very sensible matter of-fact man if he would.	4.)	For the only or chiefest hardness, which seemeth, is in the accent, which sometime gapeth, and, as it were, yawneth ill-favoredly, coming short of that it should, and sometime exceeding the measure of the number, as in _Carpenter_; the middle syllable being used short in speech, when it shall be read long in verse, seemeth like a lame gosling that draweth one leg after her; and _Heaven_ being used short as one syllable, when it is in verse stretched out with a diastole, is like a lame dog that holds up one leg.	He was truly Rabelaisian before Rabelais.	The one is the active, the other the contemplative life, the which (though by the active we may attain, as has been said, unto good felicity) leads us to the best felicity and blessedness.	God was called I (the _Je_ in Jehovah)     or _One_, and afterwards _El_,--the strong,--an epithet given to many     gods.	A shadow of her old sovereignty was still left her in the primacy of the Church, to which unity of faith was essential.	(Convito, Tr IV.	To consider his hell a place of physical torture is to take Circe's herd for real swine.	It is but another way of spelling _sheen_, and if Mr. Masson never heard a shoeblack in the street say, "Shall I give you a shine, sir?"	"[267] Writing two hundred and fifty years ago, he stands in no need of a glossary, and I have noted scarce a dozen words, and not more turns of phrase, in his works, that have become obsolete.	Rome was always the central point of Dante's speculation.	c. 22.	But the notices in the Monthly and Critical Reviews (then     the most influential) were fair, and indeed favorable, especially to     Wordsworth's share in the volume.	Dante, endeavoring to conform himself to literary tradition, began to write the _Divina Commedia_ in Latin, and had elaborated several cantos of it in that dead and intractable material.	Here Wordsworth passed nine years, among a people of simple habits and scenery of a sweet and pastoral dignity.	She was his first public, and belonged to that class of prophetically appreciative temperaments whose apparent office it is to cheer the early solitude of original minds with messages from the future.	[279] I say supposed, for the names of his two sons, Sylvanus and     Peregrine, indicate that they were born in Ireland, and that Spenser     continued to regard it as a wilderness and his abode there as exile.	His imagination seldom condenses, like Shakespeare's, in the kindling flash of a single epithet, but loves better to diffuse itself.	Baretti,     London, 1772, Vol.	He chooses his language for its rich canorousness rather than for intensity of meaning.	The service which Spenser did to our literature by this exquisite sense of harmony is incalculable.	[140] Vita Nuova, Tr.	Comparing the last verse of the above citation of the "Faery Queen"     with other passages in Spenser, I cannot help thinking that he wrote,     "do not love amiss."	Having discharged my duty in regard to Mr. Masson's faults of manner, which I should not have dwelt on so long had they not greatly marred a real enjoyment in the reading, and were they not the ear-mark of a school which has become unhappily numerous, I turn to a consideration of his work as a whole.	In January, 1791, he took his degree of B.A., and left Cambridge.