[Footnote 1: The Northern Nations distinguished the two periods when the bodies of the dead were consumed by fire, and when they were buried beneath the tumuli so common in this country, by the Age of Fire and the Age of Hills.]	A bloom as bright as opening morn     Flush'd o'er her clear white cheek,   The music of her voice was mild,     Her full dark eyes were meek.	Thy husband will never return from the war again,   Cold is thy hopeless heart even as Charity--   Cold are thy famish'd babes--God help thee, widow'd One!	'Tis a wager and I shall be winner;   Thou wilt go without grog Sam to-morrow at dinner.	shall never enter there.	(Time, Morning.	I too my friend can tell a piteous story   When I turn'd hero how I purchas'd glory.	ye speed along,     Whilst I, from all the World's cold cares apart,     Pour out the feelings of my burthen'd heart.	And patriot anguish fills his streaming eyes,   "Hurl'd to the earth by Rapine's vengeful rod,   "Polluted lies the temple of our God,   "Far in a foreign land her sons remain,   "Hear the keen taunt, and drag the captive chain:   "In fruitless woe they wear the wearying years,   "And steep the bread of bitterness in tears.	This miser love of Life that dreads to lose   Its cherish'd torment?	'Twas ere I turn'd a soldier and a sinner!	Why dost thou shriek and strain thy red-swoln eyes   As the white sail dim lessens from thy view?	He is one whom many wrongs   Have sicken'd of the world.	And onward to the shore they drew     And leapt to land the knight,   And down the stream the swan-drawn boat     Fell soon beyond the sight.	shall the diseased man   Yield up his members to the surgeon's knife,   Doubtful of succour, but to ease his frame   Of fleshly anguish, and the coward wretch,   Whose ulcered soul can know no human help   Shrink from the best Physician's certain aid?	On drove the chariot.	How the sea   Far distant glitters as the sun-beams smile,   And gayly wanton o'er its heaving breast   Phoebus shines forth, nor wears one cloud to mourn   His votary's sorrows!	And when he found her health unharm'd     He would not brook delay,   But press'd the not unwilling Maid     To fix the bridal day.	Ere yet her pale lips could the story impart,     For a moment the hat met her view;--   Her eyes from that object convulsively start,   For--oh God what cold horror then thrill'd thro' her heart,     When the name of her Richard she knew!	When o'er the many-tinted sky     He saw the day decline,   He called upon his Margaret     To walk beside the Rhine.	'Twas in autumn, and stormy and dark was the night,     And fast were the windows and door;   Two guests sat enjoying the fire that burnt bright,   And smoking in silence with tranquil delight     They listen'd to hear the wind roar.	In vain to you I pour'd my earnest prayers,   In vain I sung your praises: chiefly thou   VENUS!	ROUSSEAU   Loved these calm haunts of Solitude and Peace;   Here he has heard the murmurs of the stream,   And the soft rustling of the poplar grove,   When o'er their bending boughs the passing wind   Swept a grey shade.	Tho' thro' the toil and anguish of the day     No tear escap'd him, not one suffering groan     Beneath the twisted thong, he weeps alone   In bitterness; thinking that far away   Tho' the gay negroes join the midnight song,     Tho' merriment resounds on Niger's shore,   She whom he loves far from the chearful throng     Stands sad, and gazes from her lowly door   With dim grown eye, silent and woe-begone,     And weeps for him who will return no more.	This enthusiasm soon cooled; the majority of those who had made this sacrifice (I prostitute the word, but they thought it a sacrifice) persuaded themselves that Parliament would do all, and that individual efforts were no longer necessary.	Grecian Maids   Who hear with downcast look and flushing cheek   That lay of love bear witness!	Sisters with prophetic breath   Pour we now the dirge of Death!	God of Truth!	ODE   written on the first of January, 1794   Come melancholy Moralizer--come!	The tide below   Scarce sends the sound of waters to thine ear;   And this high-hanging forest to the wind   Varies its many hues.	When my sick Heart,   (Sick [6] with hope long delayed, than, which no care   Presses the crush'd heart heavier;) from itself   Seeks the best comfort, often have I deemed   That thou didst witness every inmost thought   SEWARD!	Wild dreams!	Mark how clear   It sparkles o'er the shallows, and behold   Where o'er its surface wheels with restless speed   Yon glossy insect, on the sand below   How the swift shadow flies.	SAMUEL:   I was trapp'd by the Serjeant's palavering pretences,   He listed me when I was out of my senses.	there is another world   For all that live and move--a better one!	But soothing Silence sleeps in all       Save the neighbouring waterfall,       Whose hoarse waters falling near       Load with hollow sounds the ear,       And with down-dasht torrent white       Gleam hoary thro' the shades of night.	thus worn with toil and faint   How thro' the thorny mazes of this wood   Attain my distant dwelling?	bear me where the field of fight       Scatters contagion on the tainted gale,       When to the Moon's faint beam,     On many a carcase shine the dews of night       And a dead silence stills the vale   Save when at times is heard the glutted Raven's scream.	Was never a Maid in Waldhurst's walls     Might match with Margaret,   Her cheek was fair, her eyes were dark,     Her silken locks like jet.	Lie still, thou coward heart!	With such reverence we behold       The silver hairs, as some grey oak grown old     That whilome mock'd the rushing tempest's rage     Now like the monument of strength decayed   With rarely-sprinkled leaves casting a trembling shade.	Come we'll have it all fairly and properly tried,   Tell story for story, and Dick shall decide.	And when at length it came, with joy     They hail'd the bridal day,   And onward to the house of God     They went their willing way.	the Hebrew cries.	Fly, son of Banquo!	IX.	and on my friend       Friendship and Love, best blessings!	so I did--till almost dead.	Where the town-spires behind the castle towers   Rise graceful; brown the mountain in its shade,   Whose circling grandeur, part by mists conceal'd,   Part with white rocks resplendant in the sun,   Should bound mine eyes; aye and my wishes too,   For I would have no hope or fear beyond.	"Lo I, the man who erst the Muse did ask       Her deepest notes to swell the Patriot's meeds,     Am now enforst a far unfitter task       For cap and gown to leave my minstrel weeds,"     For yon dull noise that tinkles on the air   Bids me lay by the lyre and go to morning prayer.	TO THE GENIUS OF AFRICA     O thou who from the mountain's height     Roll'st down thy clouds with all their weight   Of waters to old Niles majestic tide;     Or o'er the dark sepulchral plain   Recallest thy Palmyra's ancient pride,     Amid whose desolated domes     Secure the savage chacal roams,   Where from the fragments of the hallow'd fane   The Arabs rear their miserable homes!	His mother was SIMPLICITY, his sire   BENEVOLENCE; in earlier days he bore   His father's name; the world who injured him   Call him MISANTHROPY.	twenty years   Have wrought strange alteration!	Ah!	Ah Humphrey!	XIX.	would'st thou drain   Even to its dregs the bitter draught of life?	Whelm'd in the waters he shall rest!	to that song   Of warmest zeal; ah witness ye, how hard,   Her fate who hymn'd the votive hymn in vain!	He answered not, for now he saw     A Swan come sailing strong,   And by a silver chain she drew     A little boat along.	SONNET IX.	Genius avenge thy children's wrong!	SONNET VIII.	Serener joys my friend await     Maturer manhood's steady state.	There, my dead father!	Crown'd with gay garlands were your statues seen,   To you the fragrant censer smok'd, to you   The rich libation flow'd: vain sacrifice!	Drear were the downs, more dreary her reflexions;   Cold was the night wind, colder was her bosom!	Calm CONTEMPLATION,'tis thy favorite hour!	the big drops run     Down his dark cheek; hold--hold thy merciless hand,     Pale tyrant!	the wintry storm   Blows bleak no more on thine unshelter'd form;   Thy woes are past; thou restest in the tomb;--   I pause--and ponder on the days to come.	How now boy!	ELINOR.	Hark!	Meantime I soothe   The deep regret of Nature, with belief,   My EDMUND!	SAPPHO   (Scene the promontory of Leucadia.)	Suppose we leave awhile this stubborn soil   To eat our dinner and to rest from toil!	Arouse the race of Afric!	Oh there was once a time when ELINOR   Gazed on thy opening beam with joyous eye   Undimm'd by guilt and grief!	Avenging Power awake--arise!	In his narrow house   Some Warrior sleeps below: his gallant deeds   Haply at many a solemn festival   The Bard has harp'd, but perish'd is the song   Of praise, as o'er these bleak and barren downs   The wind that passes and is heard no more.	how the afflicted heart,   Tired with the tempest of its passions, rests   On you with holy hope!	drench'd he deep its thirsty blade   In the cold bosom of his tyrant lord?	SONNET VI   High in the air expos'd the Slave is hung     To all the birds of Heaven, their living food!