In doing this a girl seldom escapes without drawing blood, and rubbing part of the skin from her hand; and as every well-dressed girl has a number of rings on each arm, and as these are frequently breaking, the poor creatures suffer much from their love of admiration.--BUCHANAN.	Then drawing back he let the earth subside,  And, as his wrath relax'd, survey'd,  Thoughtful and silently, the mortal Maid.	There, in a creek, a vessel lay.	9.	There Azyoruca veil'd her awful form  In those eternal shadows: there she sate,  And as the trembling Souls, who crowd around  The Judgement-Seat, received the doom of fate,  {122}  Her giant arms, extending from the cloud,  Drew them within the darkness.	--_From the Yajurveda.	Even the stern trouble of Neroodi's brow  Relax'd as he beheld the valiant Maid.	They hop'd that soon Kehama would subdue  The inexorable God, and seize his throne,  Reduce the infernal World to his command,  And, with his irresistible right hand,  Redeem them from the vaults of Padalon.	Yet is he still  Himself the same, one form, one face, one will;  And these his twofold aspects are but one;  And change is none  In him, for change in Yamen could not be,  The Immutable is he.	In sun-light, and sea-green,  The thousand palaces were seen  Of that proud city, whose superb abodes  Seem'd rear'd by Giants for the immortal Gods.	Its shape is also singular and romantic, and, from a distant view, has an appearance like some antique and lofty edifice.	Two brazen gates beneath him, night and day  Stood open; and within them you behold  Descending steps, which in the living stone  Were hewn, a spacious way  Down to the Chambers of the Kings of old.	p. 44.	He places her soft foot, as he reclines by her side, on his ardent bosom, and stains it with the ruddy hue of Yavaca.--_Songs of Jayadeva_.	still their choral tongues repeat.	A circumstance, however, which may seem to favour this idea is, that a throne, in the Shanscrit and other Hindoo languages, is called _Singhâsen_, which is compounded of _Sing_, a lion, and _ásen_, a seat.	Alas, my Father!	The ascent of the hill on the north is, from its natural shape, gradual and easy at first, and is in other parts rendered more so, by very excellent steps, cut out in several places where the communication would be difficult or impracticable without them.	Then, too, the Lord of Hell put forth his might:  Thick darkness, blacker than the blackest night,  Rose from their wrath, and veil'd  The unutterable fight.	heart-withering sight!	He sued for peace, for it is written there  That I with him the Amreeta cup must share;  Wherefore he bade me come, and by his side  Sit on the Swerga-throne, his equal bride.	Her words the accursed race obey'd;  Forth with a sound like rushing winds they fled,  And of all aid from Earth or Heaven bereft,  Alone with Arvalan the Maid was left.	the regions dread,  The World of Woe before them, opening wide.	Down from the Heaven of Heavens Ereenia fell  Precipitate, yet imperceptible  His fall, nor had he cause nor thought of fear;  And when he came within this mundane sphere,  And felt that Earth was near,  The Glendoveer his azure wings expanded,  And, sloping down the sky  Toward the spot from whence he sprung on high,  There on the shore he landed.	In the same indivisible point of time,  At the eight Gates he stood at once, and beat  The Warden-Gods of Hell beneath his feet;  Then, in his brazen Cars of triumph, straight,  At the same moment, drove through every gate.	another light  To guide their way appears,  The light of other spheres.	.	Short-sighted are the eyes of Wickedness,  And all its craft but folly.	For though he was cast down to Padalon,  Yet there, by Yamen's throne,  Doth Baly sit in majesty and might,  To judge the dead, and sentence them aright.	11.	7.	After this miracle, the earth being, by the same power, restored to its just balance, Agastya and Veeshnu separated: when the latter, to prevent any similar accident occurring, commanded the _great serpent_ (that is, of the sphere) to wind its enormous folds round the seven continents, of which, according to Sanscreet geography, the earth consists, and appointed, as perpetual guardians, to watch over and protect it, the eight powerful genii, so renowned in the Hindoo system of mythology, as presiding over the eight points of the world."--MAURICE.	_The Sheckra._--XVII.	p. 5.	_The Sun himself had seem'd_   _A speck of darkness there._--XIX.	.	And while within the burning anguish flows,  His outward body glows  Like molten ore beneath the avenging eye,  Doom'd thus to live and burn eternally.	Father, help!	But the Powers  {27}  Of Evil beat him down, and bore away  To some dread scene of durance and despair,  The Ancient Tombs, methought their Mistress said,  Beneath the ocean-waves: no way for Man  Is there; and Gods, she boasted, there are none  On Earth to help him now.	The mighty Chief  There bent his way in grief,  As if sad thoughts indulged would work their own relief.	too long we wait for thee!	p. 6.	.	.	away!	8.	High-fated Maid, the righteous hour is nigh!	11.	I am the understanding {181} of the wise, the glory of the proud, the strength of the strong, free from lust and anger; and in animals I am desire regulated by moral fitness.--KREESHNA, _in the Bhagavat-Geeta_.	Henceforth, on equal footing we engage,  Alike immortal now, and we will wage  Our warfare, God to God!	she cries.	NOTES.	To which I know not what Cardan and the rest would answer, unless this, that they mean by dew the more unctuous moisture of the air, which as it may not be alike every where, so these birds may be fitted with a natural sagacity to find it out where it is.	What wonder there  If Kailyal's lip were blanch'd with inmost dread!	_The Seven Earths._--XIX.	I am moisture in the water, light in the sun and moon, invocation in the _Veds_, sound in the firmament, human nature in mankind, sweet-smelling savour in the earth, glory in the source of light: In all things I am life; and I am zeal in the zealous: and know, O Arjoon!	{131}  11.	XIX.	Why art not thou among the festive throng,  {57}  Baly, O Mighty One!	They went their way along the road  That leads to Yamen's dread abode.	I, his bride!	High-fated One, ascend the subject sky,  And by Kehama's side  Sit on the Swerga throne, his equal bride.	On one of those occasions they brought with them a male inhabitant of the heavenly regions, to whom they introduced the Rajah; and between him and Malecheren a strict friendship ensued; in consequence of which he agreed, at the Rajah's earnest request, to carry him in disguise to see the court of the divine Inder,--a favour never before granted to any mortal.	I need not tell thee what reply was given;  My heart, the sure interpreter of Heaven,  His impious words belied.	Wherefore then should anxiety be raised in our minds?"	The Car, as Carmala his word obey'd,  Mov'd on, and bore away the Maid,  While from the Golden Throne the Lord of Death  With love benignant, on Ladurlad smil'd,  And gently on his head his blessing laid.	great Baly!	they exclaim,  For ever hallowed be his blessed name!	And here were coral bowers,  And grots of madrepores,  And banks of spunge, as soft and fair to eye  As e'er was mossy bed  Whereon the Wood Nymphs lie  With languid limbs in summer's sultry hours.	11.	At times the whole supernal element  Igniting, burst in one vast sheet of flame,  And roar'd as with the sound  Of rushing winds, above, below, around;  Anon the flame was spent, and overhead  A heavy cloud of moving darkness spread.	{81}  11.	The Brahmans who officiate at the temples generally go with their heads uncovered, and the upper part of the body naked.	O all-containing Mind,  Thou who art every where,  Whom all who seek shall find,  Hear me, O Seeva!	6.	A floor of bamboo grating is next laid in the inside, elevated two or three feet above the ground: this grating is supported on bamboos, and covered with mats and carpets.	Be of good heart, and let thy sleep be sweet,  Ladurlad said, .	.	Then, in despair,  Anguish and agony, and hopeless prayer,  Prostrate she laid herself upon the floor.	She needs that faith, she needs that consolation,  For now the Car hath measured back its track  Of death, and hath re-entered now its station.	.	p. 14.	Not for light purpose would the Wisest send  His suppliants here, when we, in doubt and fear,  The awful issue of the hour attend.