Some became tadpoles in the pool, some in the sluggish stream and some not until they reached the great inland sea.	We may be able to hide in the next room--there are skins there beneath which we may crawl.	Ah, this was Caspak.	"Poor she-snake!"	One of the chests was large enough to hold the body if the knees were bent well up, and with this idea in view Bradley approached the chest to open it.	It is one of those strange creatures that Fosh-bal-soj discovered first above the Band-lu country and followed back toward the beginning.	Together they went to the edge of the wood and looked up to see five red-robed creatures dropping slowly in ever-lessening spirals toward their little amphitheater.	As rapidly as was consistent with safety, the man paid out the rope.	"The City of Human Skulls," mused Bradley.	Bradley was in the lead when he came suddenly upon a grotesque creature of Titanic proportions.	"Who are you to make terms for Him Who Speaks for Luata?"	"We are almost there," he whispered.	Breakfastless and with shaken nerves the two survivors plunged madly into the long day's march.	she asked.	Often the vessel was brought to a stop, and always there were anxious eyes scanning the shore for an answering signal.	Here they stopped, for here also the stream ended.	Bradley half raised his rifle to fire again and then lowered it with a shake of his head.	"Get water.	An odor of decaying flesh permeated the air.	The houses of all shapes and sizes were piled about as a child might pile blocks of various forms and colors.	insisted Bradley.	Do not let them take you alive.	Bradley felt his hair rise upon his head.	Through woods at the summit of the bluff they made their way toward the north and had gone but a short distance when the wood ended and before them they saw the waters of the inland sea and dimly in the distance the coveted shore.	"I am not afraid," replied the girl, rather haughtily Bradley thought, and herself climbed through the aperture and hung by her hands waiting for Bradley to lower her.	None dissented from this conviction, nor was there a voice raised in protest against the plan to at least make assurance doubly sure before quitting Caspak forever.	The girl shook her head and edged away from the man--toward the door.	This he dumped into Bradley's "trough," as he already thought of it.	"There is a legend current among my people that once the Wieroo were unlike us only in that they possessed rudimentary wings.	Nearer and nearer loomed the mainland--a broad, parklike expanse stretching inland to the foot of a low plateau spread out before them.	"Did you get a good look at it?"	"Can't be done.	It is not safe here, for they will search every inch of the temple and the grounds."	It is hoped that it may be from another world and hold the secret of the cos-ata-lus."	In the dim light Bradley saw that it was a dead Wieroo from which the wings and head had been removed.	"Bullets don't kill ghosts," said Bradley, "so this couldn't have been a ghost.	"They are Galus," cried Co-Tan; "they are my own people.	From the temple still rose the sounds of commotion, now pierced by occasional shrill screams.	Better, far better would it have been had he given in to the insistent demand of his subconscious mentor; but his almost fanatical obsession to save ammunition proved now his undoing, for while his attention was riveted upon the thing circling before him and while his ears were filled with the beating of its wings, there swooped silently out of the black night behind him another weird and ghostly shape.	Then the Galu recommenced his, "Food!	Hanging by their knees from this perch, their heads downward and their bodies wrapped in their huge wings, slept the creatures of the night before--like two great, horrid bats they hung, asleep.	The Wieroo developed the first cos-ata-lu but they were always male--never could they reproduce woman.	As a hawk dives for a songbird on the wing, so this great, human bird dived for Bradley.	"Come," said Bradley.	"What chance," asked Bradley, as they were returning to the boat with their game, "could Tyler and Miss La Rue have had among such as these?"	"`We have food and good water and peace and each other!'"	The panel, if such it was, seemed about an inch thick, and beyond it his finger encountered nothing.	The landscape was familiar--each recognized it immediately and knew that that smoky column marked the spot where Dinosaur had stood.	However, he was rewarded with nothing more than the constant flap-flap.	After they had reached the other side of the gardens, Bradley counted his steps until he had retraced as many as he had taken coming down the stream; but though they had to grope their way along, it was a much more rapid trip than the former.	She looked at him in wide-eyed wonder.	Its eyes were not upon Bradley, who drew himself to a squatting position and crouched as far back in the corner of the niche in which the platform was set as he could force himself.	Caspak is ours.	They immediately surrounded him, asking all sorts of questions, plucking at his garments, his ammunition-belt and his pistol.	She did as he bid, and then he directed her to fasten one end of a fifty-foot length to the ankle of one of the Wieroos and the opposite end to the second.	She was always the same--sweet and kind and helpful--but always there was about her manner and her expression just a trace of wistfulness, and often she sat and looked at the man when he did not know it, her brows puckered in thought as though she were trying to fathom and to understand him.	Seven cycles it requires before the seventh Galu can complete the seventh danger-infested circle since its first Galu ancestor achieved the state of Galu.	You will come?"	"There is another way," said the girl.	It instilled new life in the man.	He saw that in each font was a quantity of food, and that each Wieroo was armed with a wooden skewer, sharpened at one end; with which they carried solid portions of food to their mouths.	Sullenly the Wieroos acquiesced.	There is a way out!"	From that instant James was an absolutely broken man.	"Stuff and nonsense," snapped Bradley.	"What is that noise?"	The voice did not come from the direction of the U-boat; but from inland.	Bradley shuddered.	Her figure, but partially concealed by the soft deerskin, was all curves of symmetry and youthful grace, while her features might easily have been the envy of the most feted of Continental beauties.	Now we will obey you--we must obey some one."	Now I am old and very weak.	"An-Tak was away, hunting, when the Wieroo caught me.	They had had ample time to provision the ship and the refining of the crude oil they had discovered north of the fort could have insured them an ample supply to carry them back to Germany.	she cried.	Bradley repeated his questions sharply.	What more could we have upon the mainland?"	Yet there had been a difference--he recalled now the strange sensation of elation that had thrilled him upon the occasions when the girl had pressed his hand in hers, and the depression that had followed her announcement of her love for An-Tak.	There seemed no possibility of escape.	Bradley seized the pen and in a clear, bold hand wrote:  "John Bradley, England."	So belligerent were the natives that it became necessary to fire into them in order to escape their persistent and ferocious attentions.	"We bring you the strange creature that Fosh-bal-soj captured and brought thither at thy command."	Impulsively she reached toward him and grasped his arm.	As he ran toward the man, Bradley heard above him the same uncanny wail that had set every nerve on edge several nights before, and the dismal flapping of huge wings.