"One would expect to see the wounded limping or being carried back to the city," replied Carthoris, with a puzzled frown.	"Why not?"	Once here he had no easy task before him.	The noble drew his short-sword and crossed the room toward Thuvia.	Seldom did a female of their hereditary enemies fall to the lot of a green man.	Still the man smiled his knowing smile.	For half an hour they walked along lovely avenues between the most gorgeous buildings that the two had ever seen.	She could not help but compare him with another.	Before the massive gate stood a score of sentries.	Kulan Tith and his warriors are here to protect you.	The sight of the red warriors leaping from their fliers had, for a moment, filled her with renewed hope--hope that Carthoris of Helium might be only stunned and that they would rescue him; but when she saw the Dusarian metal upon their harness, and that they sought only to escape with her alone from the charging Torquasians, she gave up.	Then Kulan Tith cleared his throat.	But no!	It was circular, closing a circular aperture, and the Heliumite knew from his study of ancient Barsoomian architecture that it rolled to one side, like a huge wheel, into an aperture in the wall.	Both looked up.	"You wish to return to Lothar?"	Green warriors were leaping to the backs of their restive, squealing thoats.	"It is indeed a city of ghosts.	"I would be a jed," said Vas Kor bluntly.	The room was empty save for herself and the still form of the jeddak of Lothar lying at her feet, a little pool of crimson staining the white marble of the floor beside him.	The nationality of the latter he could not make out at so great a distance.	"Yesterday he succeeded, but at such a time!	Better to cling to the smooth stone he kicked off his sandals of zitidar hide and with his bare feet braced himself against the sickening tilt, at the same time throwing his arms supportingly about the girl.	Quiet reigned, broken only by the growling of the devouring banths.	Quickly the murderer dragged the corpse into the black shadows within the hangar.	"Whither went Vas Kor?"	"To the death," replied Kar Komak.	The two men were ascending from the cabin to the deck.	"According to Tario, it is but necessary that we all unite in imagining that there are no dead Torquasians beneath our walls, and there will be none, nor any need of scavenging banths."	And then he hailed: "Kaor, Thuria!"	At last he managed to articulate intelligibly.	"So would you fall before them, and without one single chance for self-defence or revenge."	The man upon the dais was eyeing him intently, and Carthoris of Helium was looking straight in the other's face.	She only knew that she was glad when he was by her side, and that with him there all things seemed possible--even such impossible things as escape from her present predicament.	Thar Ban watched until he had disappeared within the yawning portal.	Onward through the dim wood they passed until the shadows of the quick coming Martian night commenced to close down upon them.	"Here," said their guide, "is the palace of Tario."	Carthoris shouted to the Lotharian, warning him back, for he knew that he could but uselessly sacrifice his life by placing himself, all unarmed, in the path of the cruel and relentless savages.	Tario was unconscious.	Slowly Astok withdrew from the presence of his father.	But two armed slaves remained on guard.	And now that you are here I can scarce believe the testimony of my eyes.	Now they came to the dense shadow under the side of the Thuria.	By hundreds they toppled from our walls, and when my fellows saw what I had done they were quick to follow my example, so that presently the hordes of Torquas had retreated beyond the range of our arrows.	Here is one you will be glad to meet--a doughty panthan--"  He hesitated.	Son of Kantos Kan; padwar of the Fifth Utan.	For from below there poured a stream of giant bowmen, grim and terrible.	No man should have heard from his lips the thing he was trying to tell.	By the time they reached the arras behind which he had disappeared, they found a heavy stone door blocking their further progress.	Again the needle point met its flashing target.	With a little half-sob the girl sank to the pile of silks and furs that were tumbled in confusion beneath the east windows, burying her face in her arms.	All that interested him at present was the finding of Thuvia of Ptarth.	Of that he was positive.	It was with difficulty that the Heliumite repressed a cold smile as the noble passed within a foot of him--within a foot of the long, slim, Heliumitic blade that swung in his harness.	She felt safer with the feel of his arm against hers, and with the contact of her the man took a new grip upon himself.	"We are to die the death," whispered Jav faintly.	he shrieked.	Around the next turn of the corridor it stood.	The Prince of Helium waited to hear no more, but springing to his feet, raced back again into the forest.	Below him he looked to see the teeming metropolis of Ptarth.	The girl put her hands before her eyes, as though to shut out some mighty temptation from her sight.	Something had moved, stealthily, in the shadow of one of the great monoliths that line the avenue where it entered the plaza opposite her!	Then he was gone.	Guided by the noise of these habitually angry beasts, he stole forward through the trees until at last he came upon a level, treeless plain, in the centre of which a mighty city reared its burnished domes and vividly coloured towers.	And the psychological effect upon the enemy is far greater than were I to treat them merely as substanceless vagaries.	exclaimed Jav, ignoring the other's challenge.	As the rider neared the plaza, he reined suddenly in.	There were the banths, still growling about their hideous feast.	"What if he did call the guards?	The guilt of Dusar might be for ever buried with her bones," he concluded in a low, savage whisper.	she cried.	She could not admit even to herself that she loved him, and yet she had permitted him to apply to her that term of endearment and possession to which a Barsoomian maid should turn deaf ears when voiced by other lips than those of her husband or fiance--"my princess."	Listen to me!	With a startled exclamation he rubbed his eyes and looked again.	asked Tario.	And then he rounded the turn and came face to face with an auburn-haired, white giant.	"You have killed Tario!	CHAPTER IX THE BATTLE IN THE PLAIN The distance from the bottom of the funnel to the floor of the chamber beneath it could not have been great, for all three of the victims of Tario's wrath alighted unscathed.	Of what avail, to sink spineless to the floor?	"Vas Kor," he repeated aloud, "blessed be your ancestors for this meeting," nor did the Dusarian guess the wealth of meaning that lay beneath that hackneyed phrase with which a Barsoomian acknowledges an introduction.	"Tario will have his way," insisted Jav.	Some other hand to strike the blow--with that face, with those eyes before him, he could never do it.	Do you follow me?"