She now burst forth into some very satirical invectives against that lady, and declared she had the art, as well as the wickedness, of the devil himself.	"I am glad you are pleased to confirm that," cries Booth; "for I protest it was an entire secret to me till this day.	Chapter VIII.	Heaven knows what may hereafter be their fate!"	But if Booth was now pleased with Mrs. Bennet, Amelia was still more pleased with her than ever.	Whom then should this happy man envy?	"And a member of parliament?"	"Ay, indeed!	can I," says James; "for the devil take me if I know a more lovely woman in the world."	"I thank you, madam," cries Amelia, "for relieving me from my fears on your account; I trembled at the consequence of this second acquaintance with such a man, and in such a situation."	Booth at length, wondering that the serjeant did not speak, asked him, What his business was?	The charms of liberty, against his will, rushed on his mind; and he could not avoid suggesting to himself how much more happy was the poorest wretch who, without controul, could repair to his homely habitation and to his family, compared to him, who was thus violently, and yet lawfully, torn away from the company of his wife and children.	Chapter ix.	The mention of this translation a little surprized Booth; not only as the author had just declared his intentions to forsake the tuneful muses; but, for some other reasons which he had collected from his conversation with our author, he little expected to hear of a proposal to translate any of the Latin poets.	Neither Miss Bellamy nor Mrs. Gibber were ever in a greater consternation on the stage than now appeared in the countenance of Mrs. James.	Some rascal, envious of his friendship for me, hath belyed me to him; and the only resentment I desire is, to convince him of his mistake."	And since you force the confession from me, I declare, I think such beauty, such sense, and such goodness united, might aspire without vanity to the arms of any monarch in Europe."	As I was entirely void of all suspicion, my mind threw off all reserve, and pleasure only filled my thoughts.	However, as our readers may likewise be glad to recover their spirits also, we shall here put an end to this chapter.	He then took a bank-bill of fifty pounds from his pocket-book, and said, "You will pardon me, dear madam, if I chuse to impute your refusal of my house rather to a dislike of my wife, who I will not pretend to be the most agreeable of women (all men," said he, sighing, "have not Captain Booth's fortune), than to any aversion or anger to me.	The maid, concluding that her mistress was not yet returned to her senses, answered, "Why, 'tis my master, madam.	_Containing, among many matters, the exemplary behaviour of Colonel James._ When Mrs. Ellison was departed, Mrs. Atkinson began to apply all her art to soothe and comfort Amelia, but was presently prevented by her.	I protest, madam, I begin to grow ashamed of this husband of yours.	"Pardon me, madam," said Amelia; "I will not suppose Mr. Booth's inclinations ever can be unreasonable.	The footman was presently summoned, and Mrs. James delivered him his message, which was to countermand the orders which she had given that very morning to make her up a new suit of brocade.	By propagating the subscriptions of such fellows, people are tired out and withhold their contributions to men of real merit; and, at the same time, you are contributing to fill the world, not only with nonsense, but with all the scurrility, indecency, and profaneness with which the age abounds, and with which all bad writers supply the defect of genius."	My husband returned at the appointed time; and I met him with an agitation of mind not to be described.	Booth then acquainted the colonel with the promises he had received from the noble lord, upon which James shook him by the hand, and heartily wished him joy, crying, "I do assure you, if you have his interest, you will need no other; I did not know you was acquainted with him."	She was indeed a woman of most profuse generosity, and could not bear a thought which she deemed vulgar or sneaking.	Now this is a love, child, which cannot produce that rational happiness which a woman of sense ought to expect.'	He is, indeed, very much of a gentleman, and spends his money like one.	These were on his wedding-day, and on the birthday of each of his little family; on these occasions he used to invite two or three neighbours to his house, and to indulge himself, as he said, in great excess; for so he called drinking a pint of very small punch; and, indeed, it might appear excess to one who on other days rarely tasted any liquor stronger than small beer.	"I am very sorry, sir," cries Booth very gravely, and turning as pale as death, "you should entertain a thought of this kind; a thought which hath almost frozen up my blood.	Booth embraced his friend, and, weeping over him, paid his acknowledgment with tears for all his goodness.	The colonel, when he found he could not prevail with Amelia to accept his invitation, desisted from any farther solicitations.	"I assure you, madam, I was in no danger," returned Mrs. Bennet; "for, besides that I think I could have pretty well relied on my own resolution, I have heard since, at St Edmundsbury, from an intimate acquaintance of my lord's, who was an entire stranger to my affairs, that the highest degree of inconstancy is his character; and that few of his numberless mistresses have ever received a second visit from him.	But for my part, I promise you, I like her beyond all other women; and, whilst that is the case, my boy, if her mind was as full of iniquity as Pandora's box was of diseases, I'd hug her close in my arms, and only take as much care as possible to keep the lid down for fear of mischief.	"I own it is," cries Mrs. Bennet, recovering her spirits, "and since you have not shewn it to that woman I am satisfied.	"Upon my word, madam," said the colonel, "you now do me more than justice.	_Being the last chapter of the fifth book._ We shall now return to Colonel James and Mr. Booth, who walked together from Colonel Bath's lodging with much more peaceable intention than that gentleman had conjectured, who dreamt of nothing but swords and guns and implements of wars.	At length Mrs. Ellison arrived, and entered the room with an air of gaiety rather misbecoming the occasion.	"How cruelly do you mistake me!"	When they had been gone therefore about half an hour, he rang his bell to enquire if there was any news of his brother; a question which he repeated every ten minutes for the space of two hours, when, having heard nothing of him, he began to conclude that both were killed on the spot.	--He then discovered to me--O Mrs. Booth!	He had hitherto deferred paying a visit to the lord whom I mentioned to have been formerly his fellow- collegiate, and was now his neighbour, till he could put himself in decent rigging.	But, though the reader should entertain the same curiosity, we must be excused from satisfying it till we have first accounted for an incident which we have related in this very chapter, and which, we think, deserves some solution.	Upon my word, though, to be serious, it is a strange story, and, as the girl tells it, I know not what to make of it.	I look upon you, and always shall look upon you, as my preserver from the brink of a precipice, from which I was falling into the same ruin which you have so generously, so kindly, and so nobly disclosed for my sake."	I own, I have often thought, if Statius had ventured no farther than Ovid or Claudian, he would have succeeded better; for his Sylvae are, in my opinion, much better than his Thebais."	To be sincere with you, I have not liked her behaviour for some time.	"If I have offended you, madam," said Amelia, "I am very sorry, and ask your pardon; but, besides what I heard from yourself, Mr. Booth told me--" "O yes!"	"What can all this mean, Atkinson?"	That, as he had loved me passionately from his first seeing me, and had thought of nothing from that time but of throwing himself at my feet, he saw no way so open to propitiate my aunt as that which he had taken by commending my beauty, a perfection to which she had long resigned all claim, at the expense of my understanding, in which he lamented my deficiency to a degree almost of ridicule.	for of a very good family am I come, I assure you, madam, though I now let lodgings.	"It is but three hundred pounds, indeed, sir," cries the serjeant; "if you can raise three hundred pounds, you are a free man this moment."	The serjeant was immediately called in, paid his respects to the colonel, and was acknowledged by him.	Of the defect of her beauty she was, perhaps, sensible; her vanity, therefore, retreated into her mind, where there is no looking-glass, and consequently where we can flatter ourselves with discovering almost whatever beauties we please.	He then--O!	How!	"Good Heavens!"	Some women now, in my situation, would be angry that you had not made confidantes of them; but I never desire to know more of the secrets of others than they are pleased to intrust me with.	No English poet, as I remember, hath come up to it; nor am I myself equal to the undertaking.	"I should scarce, however, have been so sanguine as to draw this conclusion, had I not received some hints that I had not unhappily placed my affections on a man who made me no return; for, though he had scarce addressed a dozen sentences to me (for, indeed, he had no opportunity), yet his eyes had revealed certain secrets to mine with which I was not displeased.	To say truth, I believe it was not in his power: for he had so long accustomed himself to one and the same strut, that as a horse, used always to trotting, can scarce be forced into a gallop, so could no passion force the colonel to alter his pace.	"Why, there now," cries Mrs. Ellison, "while you will indulge these extravagant passions, how can you be capable of listening to the voice of reason?	This envy I had long ago discovered, and had taken great pains to smother it, carefully avoiding ever to mention a Latin word in her presence, and always submitting to her authority; for indeed I despised her ignorance too much to dispute with her.	Booth's countenance greatly cleared up at this declaration, and he answered with a smile, that he hoped he need not give the colonel any assurances on that head.	Booth at last perceived her to be so uneasy, that, as he saw no hopes of contriving any fiction to satisfy her, he thought himself obliged to tell her the truth, or at least part of the truth, and confessed that he had had a little skirmish with Colonel Bath, in which, he said, the colonel had received a slight wound, not at all dangerous; "and this," says he, "is all the whole matter."	"Guilty!"	"And why not in his rank?"	In truth, the romance-writing is the only branch of our business now that is worth following.	Heaven preserve your senses, madam!--Lord, sir, my mistress must be very bad not to know you!"	It is a long time since I read him.	What can I have said, in the agonies of grief into which you threw me, to deserve this passion?"	We shall now resume the history of Mrs. Bennet, who, after many apologies, proceeded to the matters in the next chapter.	"Upon my word that's true," cries the author; "I did not think of it.	I may comfort him.	But though I then thought Mrs. Ellison's intentions to be most kind and friendly, yet the means she used were utterly ineffectual, and appeared to me injudicious.	Now, the translation takes no more notice of the [Greek] than if no such word had been there."	D--n the fellow, I begin to grow heartily sick of him, and wish I could get well rid of him without cutting his throat, which I sometimes apprehend he will insist on my doing, as a return for my getting him made a lieutenant- colonel."	"Why then I wish," cries Amelia, "all the things had been at the devil before ever the children had seen them; and, whatever I may think myself, I promise you they shall never more accept the value of a farthing:--if upon this occasion I have been the cause of your uneasiness, you will do me the justice to believe that I was totally innocent."	I could not keep my eyes off from the object which caused my confusion, and which I was at once afraid of and enamoured with.	Amelia had made no doubt, at the colonel's first appearance, but that he intended to go directly to her husband.