"Oh, Amory, you do make me so cross!"	she said wistfully.	It would have been laughable, if at the same time it had not been so terribly socially deplorable, to see the ridiculous fuss they made of that baby of Aunt Jerry's.	She certainly did not intend to explain anything after that.	"Do you know what you're doing?"	"I don't think you quite understand, Dorothy.	"Well, what do I see?"	Dorothy did not suppose for a moment that they were _not_ the best of their kind that money could buy; the Pratts seemed to roll in money.	Just look at it, now...." Cosimo began to set it forth.	She smiled, but did not turn the knob.	In the first place, have you had proper meals?"	Nor did the scholastic bookseller himself appear to know the full purport of the paragraph.	By keeping his eyes constantly uplifted to the shining peaks of their joint duty, mere personal thoughts of self could be kept in their place.	No, it was the boarding-house and the young musical society again.	--Amory had not, and the copy of the book which she had immediately ordered had not come yet.	Cosimo breathed, rapt.... Amory said, "Silly old Cosimo!"	An' there's quoits an' all.	But it was only a flash in the pan.	What was it, this job that had enabled Stan to come home, before he had lifted a finger to earn it, with masses of silver in his pocket, and the clean quids sticking up out of the lump like almonds out of a trifle?	But he was glad, too, that there was no more talk about the end of their friendship.	He drinks disgustingly, and swears, and kicks people who don't get out of his way--but he's always careful to have a revolver in his pocket for fear they should hit him back!...	They walked along the passage, descended the two steps into the garden, and reached the studio.	The rhymes might be a bit hard, of course, and perhaps after all it might be better to leave poetry to somebody else, and to concentrate all her energies on inspiring, as Beatrice inspired Dante, and Laura Petrarch, and that other woman Camoens, and Jenny Rossetti, and Vittoria Colonna Michael Angelo.	And standing quite by the fireplace you saw the lacy lines of the Suspension Bridge and the low grey-green trees of Battersea Park.	Of course, there were heaps of things I should like to do to it, but 'No,' I said that morning, 'you've expressed yourself, and if you began tickling it up here and there you'd only take away from the fierce meaning of it.'	If the parent's the plaintiff, how can he speak for the defendant as well?	You aren't a snuffy old man writing learned treatises about it all; you're a pretty girl, and I dare say you're quite right, but I don't see the use of pretending----" "Do you mean that I'm pretending to be something I'm not?"	And, if this pink paper was to be believed, an Invisible Man had shot at him three times, and at the third shot had killed him.	The door of this room Mr. Strong always kept locked.	Mr. Miller's pretty good at his job--waking London up--in other words, advertising, and I'm only a fashion-artist a long as there's nothing better going.	Are matters any better because we know that?	Dorothy appeared to be waiting for her to go.	And Amory had been told this by a blue-eyed fashion-artist, whose wiles had no doubt corrupted a young man who, for all Amory knew, might have been one of Hallowells' shop-walkers!	So many doctrines were enunciated in that studio, the burden of one and all of which was "Why not?"	That's what I was leading up to.	I think you said he was married?"	As well as getting your name before the public.	Passing along a corridor of such vast length that she seemed to be looking at it through the wrong end of a pair of opera-glasses, she entered a large apartment where three women on their knees polished the floor.	Moreover, when you came to think of it, Walter Wyron (much as Dorothy admired his decorative drawings in black and white), only published one of them every three or four months, and lived on his hundred and fifty a year the rest of the time.	Amory, whom three or four wieldings of the blue pencil had sufficed to convince that there was nothing in journalism that an ordinary intelligence could not master in a month, realized this.	She spoke again.--"I was going away," she said, dully, "with somebody."	"Come in out o' the wet!"	"It's a criminal offence under the Code."	"Sorry," she murmured; and then she broke out emphatically.	With an "Eh?"	I don't suppose onny o' ye's ever been i' t' 'Arabian Horse'?	I only want it to be the right person--chum of mine," she added softly.	The cutting altered his appearance surprisingly.	And that was briefly why, at the "Novum," they tried to reduce armaments at home, and gave at least moral encouragement to the other side whenever there was a dust-up abroad.	My friendship with Cosimo wouldn't be one bit less beautiful whatever the 'conclusions' were people drew.	I've always wanted you to marry some nice girl I could make a friend of.	"Of course," Cosimo agreed quickly.	I doubt if Cosimo can always _quite_ follow them, and I'm quite sure Mr. Strong can't--I know he's only hedging when he says, 'Ah, yes, have you read Fabre on the Ant or Maeterlinck on the Bee?'	But--to-day!	Amory Towers.	But, kind to her old friend as Amory was always ready to be, she did not feel herself called upon to go out of her way to be very nice to her friend's husband.	Dorothy measured and squared the production, gave a last look to see that the fish-like ideal had not been lost in its progress from hand to hand and that there was nothing else that might start a young man on the downward path, and put a line round it if a line was needed.	"Oh, I've been out looking for subjects.	Amory Towers, her tiny figure wrapped in a hood and cloak and her young heart one unhappy ache to know the meaning of these two first kisses of her life, was hurrying away.	It was opened by the mistress of the house.	And presently there grew up a cult of her finer but unrecognized masterpieces.	"I like your English fires.	IV THE OUTSIDERS "No, not this week," Dorothy said.	That had been when Dorothy had come to tell her of the mitigation of its rigour she had secured from Hamilton Dix.	She had left word that she was to be informed of his arrival.	"Very well."	And there ought to be a two-breasted figure as well, perhaps with a cord or something in her hand, hauling up the curtain of night, or at any rate showing in some way or other that her superb beauty was actually responsible for the yellow sunrise.... And above all, she must get _herself_ into it--the whole of herself--all that tremendous continent that Cosimo had not had, that her children had not had, that her former painting had left unexpressed, that politics had not brought out of her....	They haven't cried off, have they?"	It's got meaning.	But words are only symbols after all; it's the thing that matters."	Suppose one or two natives _are_ scoundrels: what about it?	And in this hard world it is the sensitive person who suffers for the dull.	An amber-yellow, the same yellow in which their parcels are now done up, was Hallowells' chosen colour; flowers of that colour filled the carriage lamps, rosettes of that colour were tied to the drivers' whips.	Then he had known where a second-hand chest of drawers was going for next to nothing, also a bowl and basin.	I only mean that I should have said it was worth examining."	And none of the people who go there are really what she thinks they are.	As if she saw before her the bleak prospect of years to come without the intellectual companionship of Cosimo, the corners of her mouth gave a momentary twitch, but were instantly courageous again; and she reopened the eyes.	The waltz ended, and another began; and Mr. Edmondson, who seemed to have shaken off his seriousness and to have lapsed into youth again, came up to Amory and asked her whether he might have the pleasure.	"Ah no!	Talking would do any time.	Since that day Dorothy had kept her own counsel.	He shared her sandwiches, and must share her ignoble scheming also.	Amory said, her eyes reflectively on the purring gas-jets.