X Then one morning I had a letter from Joan Merrow, which I give you without the alteration of a single word.	And I may here mention, quite incidentally, the role I was apparently cast for in advance.	IV What a change for the better!	Had there been such a dissolution of unity on that morning of the breakfast-party?	But I had all the moral guilt of my intention to abuse his roof-tree with none of the advantages.	"And for another, I don't think I'd make up my mind that everything was entirely hopeless.	He might tell me what he chose.	On the contrary, they had rather a kindly glint, and they reminded me of the infinitesimal slight cast that at certain moments makes some women irresistible.	I turned them over and found nothing of importance among them.	I could see his foot again, pushing at that very mat over which I had stumbled.	Oh, I know the stock argument--that for one that is reached by the human voice a thousand are influenced by the printed word.	Hubbard asked.	I remember Smith told me that at one time--whether this is still the case I cannot say--an observer was not allowed to be trained as a pilot also, lest, seeing his comrade doing something he himself would not have done and conscious of the functioning of a different mind, he should lose his head at a critical moment and instinctively seize the controls.	My own interest in them is no more than that something has been born in my time whose infant strugglings and gaspings I witnessed, and about which I shall doubtless become garrulous all too soon.	So much seemed to be in the air in every sense of the word.	Cunningham?"	I became sure of this when, calling at the dusty little shop at eleven o'clock on the following Monday morning, I saw the pictures themselves.	"What about what?"	Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.	Upstairs, she became a little calmer, but she still wanted to be taken away.	In other fields of action youth, the cutting-edge, was directed by the experienced hand and the wise head that too has been young in its day; but in this field none but youth has or has had the experience.	he said at last.	About that other morning.	"First of all give me a cup of cocoa or something," was Mollie's greeting.	I asked.	What pressure?	Ten seconds would suffice.	Well, it took time, but bit by bit he yielded.	"It's the only thing I haven't told you.	Most of these services, though as a matter of fact performed in belt and khaki, might just as well have been discharged in a dressing-gown, so unadventurous for the most part were they.	But he was briefed in one case, and has followed up the others with just the same pertinacity he showed when he tracked down and brought triumphantly home again those early prodigal pictures of Philip Esdaile's.	"I hadn't seen young Smith.	It's Monty as well.	I was in no great hurry to leave.	And this time there was a letter for her.	Both Philip's stupid letters and Monty's convenience were very minor matters.	"Better leave it," Philip answered.	Shall we have the rest of it now?"	(How far he was right you already know.	"Looks like it," he grunted.	I was more thankful than I can tell you that Philip also, in spite of the emotional gamut he had run that day, still had resilience enough to sum the Inspector up very much as I did.	"I had been up ten minutes, I had shaved, and was more than half dressed," I said sternly.	Monty carried the brush back to the kitchen again, and presently wandered off to the studio once more.	"Now you're talking!	"Children," I said, turning to them, "Mr. Smith and Miss Merrow are going to Flaunton in the trap.	Already the question was, not what was to be done, but exactly how it was to be done.	Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.	She did not know what it was that lurked at the bottom of the eyes that were looking so deeply and somberly into her own, but she feared already.	He has an imperious eye, and I did not attempt to meet it.	"Not altogether.	I mused for a moment; then: "You said something about his not being sympathetic to Mr. Rooke.	I seized it and crouched on the floor again.	Well, here I am."	Philip Esdaile's hands had not been the first to pat Monty Rooke's pockets that morning.	"No.	I remembered the bright strained tension of those first minutes after he had come up out of the cellar, the shock of that telephone message from the hospital that had told him what had happened to a friend.	And of course there was Charles Valentine Smith himself.	"Well, where will you have it, Audrey?"	The Press, from which I shall shortly retire, seems to be attaining something like a real policy with regard to the matters of which I have spoken, and, encouraged by certain signs of Ministerial yielding, has taken still better heart.	"Yes.	Rather shaken, but nothing broken.	In any case you'd no business with the thing, you know."	He sniffs at all these things, says nothing, and calls for another glass of his country's seven-times-accursed beer.	Got it into her head there was something uncanny about the place, and so there is.	You look for it where you'd expect it and it isn't there, and then up it pops in a place you'd never think of looking for it."	"Then get off back to your stable and come straight along to my Club.	Indeed, if one's conception of democracy is that it is the age's ailment, it seems to carry within itself hope of its own cure.	"Oh, I don't know!	Coming round the corner from an early stroll up the dewy paddock I had seen her do it, as well as the little token from her lips that went with it.)	This was after a full minute, during which time he had stood by the table idly fingering her veil.	You'd say he was--pretty bad?"	The look that I have ventured to call discontent came into his eyes.	"Well, as a matter of fact there wasn't very much trouble.	The letter, in fact, seemed to confirm the opinion I had formed on finding that ring so fantastically embedded in the studio floor, namely, that before shaking the dust of Lennox Street from her feet Audrey Cunningham had made some sort of a discovery, which she had since shared with Mollie and Mollie now declined to share with me.	I was conscious of a curious quickening of excitement.	So understand that I am busy writing this morning."	But I was still "Sir" to him and he hardly "Chummy" to me, and our small-talk was quite small.	I envied Smith his youth.	I lay down with my eye close to the hole.	The mat had covered the hole then as it covered it now.	What's the objection?"	I'm not going nosing round other fellows' places.	But the War has taught me, among other things, the overwhelming importance of other men's jobs and the comparative insignificance of my own.