1037-1071).	Then did he sleep, without unbridling, until eight o'clock in the next morning.	The study of Gargantua, according to the discipline of his schoolmasters the Sophisters.	Truly, if I had so good a one, I would willingly hang thus all my lifetime.	It was, of course, quite right to make a list of these, to draw up, as it were, a chart of them, but the conclusion is not justified.	In our abbey we never study for fear of the mumps, which disease in horses is called the mourning in the chine.	I have seen above five hundred hanged, but I never saw any have a better countenance in his dangling and pendilatory swagging.	Is it not better and more honourable to perish in fighting valiantly than to live in disgrace by a cowardly running away?	For he was wise and sovereignly bred To know what mankind is, how 't may be led: He stoop'd unto them, like that wise man, who Rid on a stick, when 's children would do so.	By G--, master, my friend, Magis magnos clericos non sunt magis magnos sapientes.	I think so, said he, myself; and then shall you be a puppy, and this gentle popinjay a perfect papelard, that is, dissembler.	And not only in that, but in the other mathematical sciences, as geometry, astronomy, music, &c.  For in waiting on the concoction and attending the digestion of his food, they made a thousand pretty instruments and geometrical figures, and did in some measure practise the astronomical canons.	What drives him to it?	Suddenly hereafter he drew his brackmard or horseman's sword, wherewith he gave the keeper which held him on the right side such a sound slash that he cut clean through the jugulary veins and the sphagitid or transparent arteries of the neck, with the fore-part of the throat called the gargareon, even unto the two adenes, which are throat kernels; and, redoubling the blow, he opened the spinal marrow betwixt the second and third vertebrae.	You shall there also find, how Pericles, the general of the Athenians, would needs have that part of his army unto whose lot befell the white beans, to spend the whole day in mirth, pleasure, and ease, whilst the rest were a-fighting.	And there is a great deal more of this kind to be discovered, for Rabelais does not always give it as quotation.	He travels, he labours, he defends the oppressed, comforts the afflicted, helps the needy, and keeps the close of the abbey.	When all was ready, they called Gargantua, but he was so aggrieved that the monk was not to be heard of that he would neither eat nor drink.	Half thou shalt pay to-morrow, and the other half at the ides of May next coming, leaving with us in the mean time, for hostages, the Dukes of Turnbank, Lowbuttock, and Smalltrash, together with the Prince of Itches and Viscount of Snatchbit (Tournemoule, Bas-de-fesses, Menuail, Gratelles, Morpiaille.).	In the meanwhile the monk comes, and from the gate of the outer court cries out aloud, Fresh wine, fresh wine, Gymnast my friend!	At the peeny.	Omnis bella bellabilis in bellerio bellando, bellans, bellativo, bellare facit, bellabiliter bellantes.	The monk, seeing them break off thus without order, conjectured that they were to set upon Gargantua and those that were with him, and was wonderfully grieved that he could not succour them.	Parisius habet bellas.	He did pull down the great boughs and branches like another Milo; then with two sharp well-steeled daggers and two tried bodkins would he run up by the wall to the very top of a house like a rat; then suddenly came down from the top to the bottom, with such an even composition of members that by the fall he would catch no harm.	Then for the strengthening of his nerves or sinews they made him two great sows of lead, each of them weighing eight thousand and seven hundred quintals, which they called alteres.	At the same hour departed the good man Gallet, and having passed the ford, asked at the miller that dwelt there in what condition Picrochole was:  who answered him that his soldiers had left him neither cock nor hen, that they were retired and shut up into the rock Clermond, and that he would not advise him to go any further for fear of the scouts, because they were enormously furious.	But if it be predestinated that thy happiness and ease must now come to an end, must it needs be by wronging my king,--him by whom thou wert established?	In the meantime Master Appetite came, and then very orderly sat they down at table.	Hereunto, answered Gargantua, there is nothing so true as that the frock and cowl draw unto itself the opprobries, injuries, and maledictions of the world, just as the wind called Cecias attracts the clouds.	I sup, I wet, I humect, I moisten my gullet, I drink, and all for fear of dying.	We will not be beasted at this bout, for I have got one trick.	At take nothing and throw out.	I am never idle.	Then, taking up one of these bullets, he said, These are cannon-shot, which your son Gargantua hath lately received by the treachery of your enemies, as he was passing before the wood of Vede.	handling them very rudely in jumbling and tumbling them to keep them going; for he had already begun to exercise the tools, and put his codpiece in practice.	He must have planned it and begun it.	And if I were King of Paris, the devil take me if I would not set it on fire, and burn both principal and regents, for suffering this inhumanity to be exercised before their eyes.	For his gown were employed nine thousand six hundred ells, wanting two-thirds, of blue velvet, as before, all so diagonally purled, that by true perspective issued thence an unnamed colour, like that you see in the necks of turtle-doves or turkey-cocks, which wonderfully rejoiced the eyes of the beholders.	How Picrochole stormed and took by assault the rock Clermond, and of Grangousier's unwillingness and aversion from the undertaking of war.	About this he was thirteen years, six months, and two weeks.	A little while after she began to groan, lament and cry.	Doth not the light comfort all the world?	The Commendation.	16.	de alimento.	Why am not I, said Minos, there invited?	You shall leave some captain here to have the charge of this garrison, with a party competent for keeping of the place, which, besides its natural strength, is made stronger by the rampiers and fortresses of your devising.	Now such a one is our good Friar John; therefore every man desireth to have him in his company.	Sir, said the monk, seeing himself is here, and that he is of the years of discretion, I had rather you should know it by his confession than by any words of mine.	At trill madam, or grapple my lady.	But Fracasso, Baldo's friend, is a giant; another friend, Cingar, who delivers him, is Panurge exactly, and quite as much given to practical joking.	Ponocrates showed him that it was an ill diet to drink so after sleeping.	Whenever in a single instance he found it in accordance with modern spelling, he made it the same throughout.	You may be mistaken, said the steward, for I know some places at Lyons, at the Basmette, at Chaisnon, and elsewhere, which have their stables at the very tops of the houses:  so it may be that behind the house there is a way to come to this ascent.	But of him could I obtain no other answer but a mere defiance, and that in my lands he did pretend only to the right of a civil correspondency and good behaviour, whereby I knew that the eternal God hath left him to the disposure of his own free will and sensual appetite--which cannot choose but be wicked, if by divine grace it be not continually guided--and to contain him within his duty, and bring him to know himself, hath sent him hither to me by a grievous token.	But, said Echephron, if by chance you should never come back, for the voyage is long and dangerous, were it not better for us to take our rest now, than unnecessarily to expose ourselves to so many dangers?	There are three causes, said the monk, by which that place is naturally refreshed.	At the bush leap.	Then sent he to learn concerning that business, and found by true information that his men had taken violently some cakes from Picrochole's people, and that Marquet's head was broken with a slacky or short cudgel; that, nevertheless, all was well paid, and that the said Marquet had first hurt Forgier with a stroke of his whip athwart the legs.	But all the countenance that Gargantua kept was, that he fell to crying like a cow, and cast down his face, hiding it with his cap, nor could they possibly draw one word from him, no more than a fart from a dead ass.	No sooner did the Cymbrians' overcomer Pass through the air to shun the dew of summer, But at his coming straight great tubs were fill'd, With pure fresh butter down in showers distill'd: Wherewith when water'd was his grandam, Hey, Aloud he cried, Fish it, sir, I pray y'; Because his beard is almost all beray'd; Or, that he would hold to 'm a scale, he pray'd.	let him be carried to prison for troubling the divine service.	I appeal from thirst, and disclaim its jurisdiction.	Not I truly, who am a sinner, for I never drink without thirst, either present or future.	Because, said Ponocrates, he came with the first to the fair of noses, and therefore made choice of the fairest and the greatest.	But herein do I comfort myself, that in the other world I shall be so, yea and greater too than at this present I dare wish.	For this cause interpret you all my deeds and sayings in the perfectest sense; reverence the cheese-like brain that feeds you with these fair billevezees and trifling jollities, and do what lies in you to keep me always merry.	I'faith, pure Greek, Greek!	How Grangousier sent for his legions, and how Touchfaucet slew Rashcalf, and was afterwards executed by the command of Picrochole.	At bo-peep.	Yet did I quote it in my note-book, et est unum bonum Achilles, a good defending argument.	I find by the ancient records or pancarts, to be seen in the chamber of accounts, or court of the exchequer at Montsoreau, that he was accoutred in manner as followeth.	At the whirling gig.	At the short bowls.	At the blank.	Most noble and illustrious drinkers, and you thrice precious pockified blades (for to you, and none else, do I dedicate my writings), Alcibiades, in that dialogue of Plato's, which is entitled The Banquet, whilst he was setting forth the praises of his schoolmaster Socrates (without all question the prince of philosophers), amongst other discourses to that purpose, said that he resembled the Silenes.	3 & 4, de natura animalium.	Yes, but, said he, we did not drink it fresh.	At the flat bowls.	Nor is this signification instituted by human imposition, but by the universal consent of the world received, which philosophers call Jus Gentium, the Law of Nations, or an uncontrollable right of force in all countries whatsoever.	Chapter 1.XLV.	But so help them God, as they pray for us, and not for being afraid to lose their victuals, their manchots, and good fat pottage.