Not necessarily supernatural, and not horrible.	They were not many in number, and although Arab _safaris_ had passed by, they were not enough to tempt a permanent trader to cross the barren lands north and south, or dare the mountain way from Mweru.	It interested me.	Doubtless as a boy you had seen one of my brethren, or perchance a picture of one, and your spirit saw him again in a dream.	They struck me as being old and much more carefully laid than is usual in native work.	At that Mwezi spoke suddenly, calling our attention to him.	For that old Mwezi waits beneath the altar, and maybe he whom he saw waits also.” The dinner bugle had sounded a few moments before Père Etienne had finished, and now we rose to go.	"Mwezi called his sons and sent one for a native hoe.	“Tell me the queerest of all the queer things you have seen, father,” I said.	'Lift it at once.'	Behind the white man he could see, as it were, the vision of a town, a river, a precipice--in short, what he now saw to have been Mtakatifuni.	'Well, not at once,' I said.	Just below the pool of the source, on the right bank, shaded with trees, ringed with giant aloes and set in fields of millet and maize, stands a somewhat remarkable native town.	Something in his voice compelled us, and we got at once to work.	1.E.7.	Anyway, he smiled, as I say, and shook his head.	Not too easy to find, its folk are peaceable, and I can see it again as I saw it on my first visit when, from the height of the precipice behind, I could make out the thin spires of smoke rising on the evening air and just perceive the brown herds of cattle drifting slowly homewards to the protecting kraals.	This had been Mwezi, at the time a man of middle age.	Oh yes, I remember.	‘Lift it at once.’ “The old man was a striking spectacle.	The affair, then, seemed to me pathetic rather than interesting.	There, as always, he had inquired for his white man, and, hearing that no white man had ever been there but convinced that it was the place of his dream, he sat down to wait.	Just below the pool of the source, on the right bank, shaded with trees, ringed with giant aloes and set in fields of millet and maize, stands a somewhat remarkable native town.	"He pointed down the path that led up to us from the town, into which had come a small crowd of natives who were eagerly following three or four figures, jostling each other to get a better view.	'It is not he,' he said, 'it is not he.	It soon became plain that a young man led the way, and that after him came three of whom I guessed the central person to be Mwezi.	'I have heard nothing, nothing,' he said.	Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.	“I believe I was one of the first,” he replied, in his excellent English.	The chief's oldest councillor spoke to me of a slave-raid that had been defeated when he was a young man, but since then they had dwelt in peace.	"The chief looked worried, and stared at me for awhile in silence.	If I had been momentarily suspicious of a knowledge hitherto kept from me, all fled at the sight of him.	Below the smearing of the old man's time might be a layer of earth thrown in to hide something.	He had come from the south and west--from Central Africa, that is--and he had said that he was seeking a white man whom it had been shown him he should find in that village.	Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.	Of course I know the native habit of cleaning a house by putting down a fresh layer of mud mixed with a little dung, which in time raises the floor considerably.	By Robert Keable PÈRE ETIENNE came aboard at Dares-Salaam and did not at once make friends.	"In the morning, however, I remembered Mwezi, and told the chief that I would like to go and call on him.	Still, I have sent for Mwezi, and doubtless he will explain the matter.	The blade sank to its hilt fairly easily, and that was all.	My mind was full of him whom I had seen, and my spirit told me that I should await him here.	Père Etienne went at once to the Catholic Mission and remained there.	I therefore turned to him to make what amends I could.	he persisted.	Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.	None of us dared to move for a few seconds, for Mwezi’s voice rang so truly and convincingly.	I was too much occupied in greeting him to take note at once of the building, but when we were seated, and he had been thawed out of his first coolness, I looked more closely at it.	The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.	"He nodded, and I selected one from the corner with a long thin blade.	Under his scrutiny, I began in the apse and thrust downward as far as I could.	Lo, I have come to thee, as thou didst bid.	I examined the stones of the walls, getting up to do so.	1.E.6.	'Lift it at once.'	Perhaps you have forgotten.	When he returned, we all gathered about the place while he slowly dug up the trampled mud.	I have no wish to bore you, so that I shall not dwell upon the point, but in my opinion it was interesting.	He stood there, staring at me and shaking his head.	The figure had beckoned him solemnly, and he had sat up in his bed in fear.	If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.	He had come from the south and west--from Central Africa, that is--and he had said that he was seeking a white man whom it had been shown him he should find in that village.	Author: Robert Keable Release Date: August 31, 2007 [EBook #22478] Language: English Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1 *** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE PRIEST'S TALE - PÈRE ETIENNE *** Produced by David Widger THE PRIEST'S TALE--PÈRE ETIENNE From "The New Decameron"--Volume III.	With true native dignity, he ignored me and turned to the chief.	Without speaking of it, I determined, out of sheer curiosity, to go and see.	Why should I do so?	But some other had cleared the ground before me.'	That was the beginning of many conversations, but none of his stories interested me more than the one he told me that night.	If I am right, and your home is on that great river which we white men call the Zambesi, then it is not unlikely that such a thing happened.	I questioned.	They were not many in number, and although Arab _safaris_ had passed by, they were not enough to tempt a permanent trader to cross the barren lands north and south, or dare the mountain way from Mweru.	Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.	"The old fellow's keen eyes flashed angrily.	YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.	Sure enough on the seaward side I saw him.	Still he believed he would see his white man again before he died; indeed, he could not die until he had seen.	Then a new centre must be made, and it was because my Order had determined on a new centre that my opportunity came.	But if I am right, it may be that things are buried here, or that there are stones which will tell me a tale.	He himself showed me back to the house set apart for us and invited me to feast with him in the evening.	These many years have I waited, for my spirit spoke true, bidding me rest above thee.	Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.	Lo, I come to thee, seeking peace!’ “His voice hesitated, and failed, and he fell forward very gently and slowly till his head rested on his hands on the edge of the tomb.	"Queer?"	Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.