It is true that in the name of order I forbid your marriage, but I consent to your remaining affianced until these troubles of our country pass away or Monsieur obtains some establishment, no matter how small, if sufficient, and even though that should take as long as your lives may last.	"The LeCours de Lincy, formerly a conspicuous race in the annals of Poitou and very ancient.	Do you think all this would be done for three years without true faithfulness?"	"No, sir; old."	"I have passed a great stone house there with a golden dog and an inscription above its door.	May I assist you in finding the entry?"	Well, if it pleases him, let him have them.	I hear his merited reproaches and maledictions.	And with these words, uttered frigidly, she left the room, the Maréchale looking after her astonished.	As he looked over the documents it contained and felt the sharpness of the different thrusts, he turned hot and dizzy; but the fact that this great find was in his possession, and lost to his opponents, gave him inexpressible satisfaction.	"Messire, I am seeking information for which I wish to examine your parish registers," said Germain.	As pair after pair were called, they stepped forward on the lawn amid a chorus of laughter, and swelled a procession facing the priest and altar.	He never ceased to exclaim, 'Clodfoot!	"I learnt it at the Little Seminary, from the priests, who are gentlemen of Paris.	"Its master."	"Saints of heaven!"	Let me offer you the shelter of my house, Eaux Tranquilles, which is less that a league forward.	He nevertheless called himself Marquis.	CHAPTER XLV THE NECESSITIES OF CONDITION All through the long illness of Cyrène, which followed the revolt at Eaux Tranquilles, and especially after her first grief for the misguided men who had fallen in the corridor, her heart dwelt with great intensity on the destruction of her hope of a home.	"Ah, then, this is what you want," said he.	he said with dignity.	"But," he continued, "did you not know there is a shadow over this name?	You may depart, sir."	CHAPTER XLI A POOR ADVOCATE The Prince, as Colonel of the company, came specially to Troyes by the desire of Collinot, though the trouble bored him, for he liked Germain, and would never have raised the question concerning his birth had it merely come to his knowledge without the scandal of formal charges.	"Would that I had the illusion," thought poor Lecour.	When he was in his bedchamber having his hunting-boots pulled off after a badger hunt with the male guests, the valet, Dominique, began to talk.	"I have always been in rags and a vagabond.	"Your Excellency--your Grace, I mean--I--I--most humbly--your Excellency--ah--pardon me, your Grace."	"He will not appear in the matter.	"More of the beast!"	I retract it publicly and I assure you in that      respect with the greatest frankness that I am fully convinced that      the story which led me to commit this indiscretion is absolutely      false and unworthy of you.	Repentigny insisted.	the Admiral said, turning to the beggar of Versailles.	"Not at all," he returned.	Be convinced of all the regret      I feel in being unable, in this case, to do what would be agreeable      to you, and accept fresh assurances of the sincere attachment with      which I have the honour to be, sir,      "Your very humble and obedient servant,      "THE COUNT DE VAUDREUIL."	All Paris was sleeping, and even the orgies of the Beggars' Ball had sunk to silence.	"The Big Hog," shouted a Councillor savagely.	"The army, I say, it shall be."	"Down with him," continued the robber Captain.	The chief seemed to recognise in her a personage equal to himself.	BACK AT EAUX TRANQUILLES XLIV.	"What was your father's name?"	"I shall reveal to you the true reason of your immunity for so long from the wrath of the people.	"Ah," she went on, pretending to scan the next words for the first time, "Germain needs three thousand livres."	"It is an outrage on the nation.	the private shouted, conscious of his equal rank with the officers of the ordinary army; "you reptile, you huckster's son!	"To make bread of it, my woman is obliged to work it over several times, and each time there seems so little left that she weeps.	The King would refuse to sign the contract of marriage, and there my power would only begin."	The Chevalier eagerly brought Germain back to look over the chest of documents, and gave him permission with joy to obtain authenticated copies, and on parting, towards the end of the day, actually pressed upon him one of those portraits, precious to him as his life-blood.	I now have the honour of calling upon you to produce such proofs."	The crookedest men of Paris, the most hideous women, the squalidest tatters were on hand.	"Tell us!"	Do you come?"	The situation aroused all his faculties.	"Delightful."	"No?	He went, without delaying, to the de Léry mansion and was admitted face to face with the Councillor.	"An incomparable scheme," said the Admiral.	Her husband's eyes twinkled: "That for the moment you are General Montcalm, victorious; though I remind you that General Montcalm afterwards had his Quebec."	We are returning rapidly to the State of Nature."	"Here," said he to his father, while the family crowded to look over their shoulders, "you are the son of this one; I have seen and read your baptismal register which records it, in the Church of St.	"Time is not important to me, father," answered Germain cheerfully.	Join me to your galley-oars.	The chant continued--      "Show me the man!	"My mercy?	She leaped from the cabriolet, and rushed for the platform.	He looked hastily around.	His wife was dressed in cloth much more after the fashion of the world than the prunella waist, the skirt shot in colors and the kerchief on the head, which formed the Norman costume of the women seen through the cottage doors.	The Chevalier scanned it anew.	"_You_ arrest me!"	The quartermaster was an easy-going, large-framed man who regarded most things as an occasion for drinking and joking.	After making the doors fast and collecting the female servants in the hall, he had carefully looked out of the wicket of the grand entrance, and seeing no one approaching, opened, and going out to the head of the steps, inquired of the mob their errand.	"The person is not on my list," she said.	"I cannot," he exclaimed desperately.	"The French army, Monsieur, never lacks honour in the Province of Quebec.	"Obtain an order of the Judge upon me to add the required paragraphs to my deed."	What am I, as patron of this regiment, and a military man of sixty years' experience, to say to this state of things?"	D'Estaing, to change the subject, took up the name of the Prince de Conti, and turning to the Canoness and Cyrène, told a story which he had often heard of him.	When the door was shut he glanced at it, started, and held it in his hands, fascinated by apprehension.	"A pity?	"Get me an _enrage_," she exclaimed to Jude.	On the table were a mass of parchments which the genealogist had been examining and tall cupboards, open drawers, and bookcases full of his library stood around.	It begins: '_From the King_.'