He is really a great factor in a girl’s education: he can show her how, at a glance, to tell the difference between a Matisse painting and a Spanish omelette, and he knows just what the vorticists are trying to prove.	[Illustration] [Illustration] A LEGEND OF RUSSIA A quiet corner of the Ballet Russe--one of the calmest moments in the company’s entire repertory.	This hostess appears occasionally at dinner, but at all other times she vanishes completely, leaving things to the careful supervision of the faithful family gardener, who has probably seen more biological history in the making than any man in the county.	Who--in Society--Is the Unadulterated, 100 Per Cent.	One false blow,--a cross-counter to any one of his adversary’s chins, for example,--and Harry could be haled into the nearest court on a charge of mass murder.	Despite persistent complaints--by husbands--against wives of this model, the demand for them continues to be brisk.	But, try as I would, I left them cold.	They never seem so, of course, when you read their stuff, but my experience has been that they are susceptible to little kindnesses.	[Illustration] On the Trail of a Wife _Détours on the Road to Matrimony_ [Illustration] [Illustration] THE SECOND ENTRY The next event in the series is Phyllis, who specializes in Early Victorian work--blushes, swoons, down-cast eyes, dropped handkerchiefs, and all the rest.	She insists upon everybody’s getting together and having a jolly time.	[Illustration] ON WITH THE DANCE Things are looking considerably brighter here.	She is now desperately wondering if she ought to try the modern society method of marrying her true loves, one by one, until the right husband finally turns up.	Is it _her_ fault if his men friends pester her and bother the life out of her?	How silent and lonely the house has seemed, the past year, without these brave youths!	This is one of the bitterest phases of first love--the case of the adolescent moth and the professional flame.	In fact, it’s more violent than it ever was; it is no longer a mere craze--it has reached the point of frenzy.	And now the Fates have spoken, indicating plainly that hearts are trumps and that she should undoubtedly follow her partner’s lead.	[Illustration] BACK TO THE START AGAIN This little scene is the sort of thing that divorce leads to,--hope springs eternal, and all that.	They haven’t perfected the method, as yet--it needs a lot of working over.	Below, you see him at the turning-point of his career, just as the maid is informing him that a fabulously rich Miss Detworthy has arrived for her first instruction.	Just accept every single engraved invitation that comes to you at your club--so long as it mentions dancing--and then go and dedicate yourself to the job of keeping Muriel turning.	THE ARTISTIC TEMPERAMENT Last, but most frequently met with of all, we behold the artistic temperament.	For a smart young Johnny to-day, Peace hath its horrors just as well as War.	The little boys are shown, in décolleté at the lower left-hand corner).	[Illustration] THE GREAT UNKNOWN Marian Holworthy’s right-hand dinner neighbor is the guest of honor and a tremendous genius of some sort, but, for the life of her, Marian cannot think what his specialty is.	BACK TO NATURE But there was, to Algy, something raffish about the stage.	We may add that, in this pathetic pastime, Algy has just failed to go game for the thirty-seventh time.	Nothing, for instance, could have kept the last Sutherby dinner-party awake, after ten, had it not been the perfectly arranged post-prandial entertainment provided by these thoughtful hosts.	She knows what he is up to.	Take my little bit, for instance, in the third act of ‘Houp-La.’ I tried to interest my audience in my wonderful imitations of the Allied statesmen.	Here is the party, shown in action,--observe the deadly boredom of the grown people and the hysterical hilarity of the little guests of honor.	Fortunately marriage--which is at best but a primitive substitute for friendship--is becoming less and less fashionable, so that every year fewer of our young society leaders are sacrificed on the wedding pyre.	[Illustration] THE WELL MEANING HOSTESS The well-meaning hostess is one of the lowest forms.	An intriguing phase of the tragedy is the delight of old Mrs. Brown, who sits in the right-hand, ring-side armchair, and who has secret designs on the parson--in the shape of her daughter, the adjacent young person who looks a little like a turban-ed turkey’s-egg.	Where is your fur, where are your claws, where are your shiny yellow eyes, cat that you are!” All of this, disheartening and saddening as it is, only proves that social amenities at the opera are very much as they are with us all in real life.	[Illustration] [Illustration] DOUBLE ENTENDRES The war was really responsible for a great many unfortunate occurrences, as so many observant people have already pointed out.	he hopelessly offended his very best customer, Mlle.	This scene shows a Trio of Spring Flowers, in action.	AMOUR DE VOYAGE Of course, _most_ honeymoons take place at hotels.	No!	And how its recent antics have upset our very highest Society!	THE FUTURIST--WITH A PAST Then there is the Futurist Artist.	You just take these little things as all in the day’s work, after you’ve had a few years’ experience with them.	This is undoubtedly very pleasing to the Fates and Goddesses of Chance, but hardly as agreeable to the charming Mrs. Drexel-Drexel who, quite naturally, objects to being salted, like an almond--particularly in public.	[Illustration] [Illustration] THE PROPOSAL, A LA PASHA If you think it demeaning and ignoble to be loved for your pelf alone, try to remember that no girl accustomed to the sort of things which she is forever seeing advertised, is going to marry a man who never gives her anything but roses, and, here and there, a chocolate or two.	Here is an intimate glimpse of what will happen if they ever start striking.	Their future seems to be practically assured.	[Illustration] THE HUMAN BANK ACCOUNT And here is the last portrait in our gallery--the rich or MONEYED wife.	These pictures mirror their progress in the frigid marble-and-gold society of our inhospitable city.	[Illustration] DANGEROUS DIANA The new moon is a lovely sight, but, of course, it is absolutely fatal to look at it through glass, a fact well known by Eric Appledorn, who, we may say, is not as simple as he looks.	HAIL, THE CONQUERING HERO!	Ha!	Dainty Millicent, shown at right, is prominently mentioned to win the Junior cup.	For instance, I never dream of taking a pint of champagne for supper on Monday, and then three pints on Tuesday.	It is love at first sight; but the anguished lovers are torn asunder almost immediately.	It is something for him to look forward to, all through the honeymoon.	WHAT ARE THE WILD WAVES SAYING?	There are few purer forms of love than these idylls, and few more lucrative emotions--from the box-office standpoint.	[Illustration] [Illustration] HE’S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW Mr. Higgingbotham has at last been permitted to join an ancient social club.	Vanished, the boredom of banting.	It does, you know,--with the result that the poor Persecuted One insists upon holding up the rubber while she does a majestic Marathon round and round her little gilt chair.	The Duke is indubitably not as young as he used to be, and the jazz dance has brought on a complete breakdown.	Of course, there are many who won’t have anything to do with this sport; they remember that all the trouble in the world started in a garden.	This type of lady is always irresistible to the clergy, especially when they are of the Protestant persuasion.	He wants to HURT her!	We would like entirely to discontinue the manufacture of this model and substitute for it, on all future occasions, the old-fashioned, penniless, demure, rosy-cheeked, Oh Alfred, all-for-love, type of wife, but, alas, business is business, and rents, and club dues, and golf balls, and servants wages, are all going up, so why not recognize the fact that a rich wife is a good thing to _begin_ on; something to hang on to until you get up a little free action in the direction of True Love?	[Illustration] The Art Exhibition: Opening Day _After All, There Is Nothing Like Modern Sculpture to Stimulate the Imagination_ There was a time when one visited the Natural History Museums to observe Nature’s latest vagaries in the shape of undeveloped amoebæ in bowls, rudimentary horns on recently unearthed amphibians, and models of funny little puffins, and green lizards, who had gone wrong while still in a pre-natal state.	While walking in the park with her nurse, little Gladys, up to that moment but a headless slip of a girl, comes face to face with her fate--her Soul-Mate, her Ineffable One, her Man.	For instance, there is your wife’s brother, who, warmed by heavy inroads on your vintage Scotch, invariably tells you how little he thought of you when he first met you, and how broken up his family were over the wedding.	One headache powder in the morning!	The youthful worshippers, chastely chaperoned by a vestal, attend every matinée, to bask in the glances of their idol.	Her guests spend the week-end, like Daniel, in a lion’s den.	You are probably familiar with them.	The Duke’s sister is plainly bored.	and When?	The cry of anguish: the caged spirit, sending out an S.O.S.	[Illustration] [Illustration] THE PRACTICAL TEMPERAMENT A frequent and highly commendable type of womanhood.	Note the appreciative glance of our hero.	Her mother should have warned her!	They wanted to break into society, but, alas, a fondness for eating and a fortune of twenty millions were all that they had to do it with.	Showing how the smartest dowagers of the sea lion class are waking up to the need of fighting their way into the bear-cat class.	The parents have been banished, the best man is still in wine; the bridemaids are at the photographer’s, the footmen have gone to chase up the entrée, and the lovers are at last alone with their J-HOY.	Yes, she has children, twin boys--for the Brute has left _nothing_ undone to spoil her life.