When she sent a ball far outside she called “Home run!” or “Just out!” And if I served a double fault she said either “Two bad” or “Thank you.” When the score was deuce she called it “Juice!” And when I beat her 6-0--as you could have done, or you, or even you--she said she was off her game, that it was a lot closer than the score indicated, that she’d beat me before the summer was over, that didn’t the net seem terribly low or something, and that I wasn’t used to playing with women or I wouldn’t hit the ball so hard all the time.	ELAINE There have been more beautiful girls than Elaine, for I have read about them, and I have utter faith in the printed word.	CHARLIE It’s curious, but no one seems to be able to recall what Charlie used to talk about before the country went what may be called, with screaming effect, dry.	I rattled a knife against a plate, and she awoke.	He is still unable to talk about it without a break in his voice.	He’s a riot, that’s what he is--more fun than a circus.	She was a darb.	A great many people say he puts them in mind of Buster Keaton that way.	HENRY You would really be surprised at the number of things that Henry knows just a shade more about than anybody else does.	To me, too.	And never a selection that every member of the family couldn’t listen to, either--just healthy fun.	I suppose there is everything in the way he says things.	And after a conversation like that I would go home and lie awake and think, “If two persons can be in such harmony about the weather, a fundamental thing, a thing that prehistoric religions actually were based upon, what possible discord ever could be between us?	Say what you will about prohibition--and who has a better right?--you would have to admit, if you knew Charlie, that it has been the making of him as a conversationalist.	“Wait a minute,” said Maude.	Relate to him tales of unusual places where you have heard that you can get it or of grotesque sums that you have been told have been exchanged for it, and he will hang on your every word, leading you on, asking intelligent questions, encouraging you by references to like experiences of his own.	He is never at a loss for a screaming crack.	And the remarks he makes about the food--I do wish I could remember how they go.	There is a glamour of vicarious romance about him.	Candescent is not far off.	Enchantment was hers, and fairyland her exclusive province.	“Burn this letter, and all of them.” A few weeks later Belinda said, “At the rate I write you, my letters must fill a large drawer by this time.” “Why,” I said, “I burn them.	But Freddie is not one of those humourists who perform only when out in society.	ALBERT Albert sprinkled powdered sugar on his sliced tomatoes.	The letter was addressed with a “For” preceding my name, instead of “City” or the name of the town, Flo had written “Local.” Even a professional detective should have known then.	He just makes them live.	When I said there have been more beautiful girls than Elaine I lied.	Nor was that, I found it, overstating things.	MAUDE Maude and I might have been happy together.	I would walk down a commonplace street with her, and it would become the primrose path, and a one-way path at that, with nobody but us on it.	On wading into the sea ankle-deep he leans over and carefully applies handfuls of water to his wrists and forehead.	A. M. S.--no, wait a minute--A. S. M. Hutchinson, not Hutchison.	And that is the way Henry is about everything.	“Sorry to have kept you waiting,” she said.	There was one young man, whom Charlie had looked upon practically as a brother, who went particularly bad on him.	Lots of them.	She was pretty, but the older I get the fewer girls I see that aren’t.	Two ‘n’s’ really.	Then he has a repertory of song numbers, too.	Once when she met a schoolgirl friend in Hyde Park whom she hadn’t seen since a year ago, out in Lake View, she said that it was a small world after all, and I told her she never said a truer word.	Among his new friends he numbers a conductor on a train that runs down from Montreal, and a young man who owns his own truck, and a group of chaps who work in drug stores, and I don’t know how many proprietors of homey little restaurants in the basements of brownstone houses.	It was a good thing I found out about her in time.	Charlie has never laid eyes on the young man from that day to this.	Occasionally, when a uniquely poisonous play is made, I have seen Henry thrust his chair aside and pace about in speechless excitement, but for the most part he is admirably self-controlled.	It was just her refined vocabulary that sent me reeling into the night.	No, Henry draws up a chair and sits looking on with a kindly smile.	It’s blowy, and it’s going to rain.” And I would warn my mother that my sister Amy, or that child, was likely to grow up into a liar.	That is, I don’t play it; I play at it.	In fact, he must have been one of those strong silent men in the old days.	And so, what with the movies and one thing and another the winter passed.	Frequently, after a card has been played, he will lean over and in a good-humoured way tell the player what he should have done instead, and how he might just as well throw his hand down then and there, but he always refuses to take any more active part in the game.	OLIVER Oliver had a way of dragging his mouth to one side, by means of an inserted forefinger, explaining to you, meanwhile, in necessarily obscured tones, the work which his dentist had just accomplished on his generously displayed back teeth.	I don’t think I ever saw any one who could get as much fun as Charlie can out of splitting the Eighteenth Amendment with a friend.	And about golf--she didn’t think, she said one day, that it was as strenuous as tennis, but it certainly took you out in the open air--well, that was how I felt about it, too.	There is never any of this hanging back waiting to be coaxed or protesting that he hasn’t touched a key in months.	Once I saw her go up to an elevated railroad station, hand in a nickel, and not say, “One, please.” Once I asked her about what day it was, and she said “Wednesday” without adding “All day.” She spoke once of a cultivated taste without adding “like olives,” and once said “That’s another story” without adding “as Kipling says.” And once--and that was the day I nearly begged her to be mine--when she said that something had been grossly exaggerated she failed to giggle “like the report of Mark Twain’s death.” So you see Belinda had points.	There is one awfully clever one, a big favourite of his, with the chorus rendered a different way each time--showing how they sang it when grandma was a girl, how they sing it in gay Paree and how a cabaret performer would do it.	One day I telephoned her and asked her what she had been doing that morning.	If I said it was a nice day--and if I told her that once I told her a hundred times--she would say, “Isn’t it?	She had a dog that wasn’t more intelligent than most human beings; she wasn’t forever saying that there was no reason why a man and a woman shouldn’t be just good pals; she didn’t put me at ease, the way the others did, by looking at me for three minutes and then saying that good looks didn’t matter much to a man, after all; she didn’t, when you gave her something, take it and say coyly, “For me?” as who should say, “You dear thoughtful thing, when you might have brought it for John D. Rockefeller.” And she didn’t say that she couldn’t draw a straight line or that she had no card sense or that she couldn’t write a decent letter.	When what the young man called a nominal sum was paid, and the case was delivered, its bottles were found to contain a nameless liquor, though those of Charlie’s friends who gave it a fair trial suggested Storm King as a good name for the brand.	She served, and called “Ready?” before each service.	“Isn’t this,” my sister used to say, “a nice day?” “No,” my reply used to be; “it’s a dreadful day.	Little remains to be told.	Of course there must have been a lot of unsatisfactory weather even then, and I don’t doubt that he slipped in a word or two when the talk got around to the insanity of the then-current styles of women’s dress.	He always insists on helping to pass plates and glasses, and when he gets a big armful of them he pretends to stumble.	Blue were her eyes as the fairy flax, her eyebrows were like curved snowdrifts, her neck was like the swan, her face it was the fairest that e’er the sun shone on, she walked in beauty like the night, her lips were like the cherries ripe that sunny walls of Boreas screen, her teeth were like a flock of sheep with fleeces newly washen clean, her hair was like the curling mist that shades the mountain side at e’en, and oh, she danced in such a way no sun upon an Easter day was half so fine a sight!	There’s an ‘n’ in it.	I have often thought that Henry must be the boy who got up the idea of leaving the world a little better than he found it.	He just sits right down and does all his specialties for you.	Charlie has no end of anecdotes about the interesting women he meets, too.	But, as I have tried to hint, beauty was Elaine’s, and when she spoke of the weather I used to feel sorry for everybody who had lived in the olden times, from yesterday back to the afternoon Adam told Eve that no matter how hot it was they always got a breeze, before there was any weather at all.	She was glad I was a tennis player, and we’d have some exciting sets in the summer.	I should have known then, but I was thinking of her hair and how cool it was to stroke.	My very words to Isabel when I telephoned her this morning!” So we had, I said to myself, a lot in common.	Then he tucks his napkin into his collar, and sits there just as solemnly as if he thought that were the thing to do; or perhaps he will vary that one by folding the napkin into a little square and putting it carefully in his pocket, as if he thought it was a handkerchief.	I have known him to hold entire dinner parties spellbound, from cocktails to finger bowls, with his monologue.	She wondered where I “resided” and how long I’d been “located” there; she had “purchased” something; she said “gowned” when she meant “dressed”; she had “gotten” tired, she said, of affectation.	I took her to a movie show, and she read most of the captions to me, slowly; and when she read them to herself her lips moved.	But it is when the refreshments are served that Freddie reaches the top of his form.	“I can’t remember the title,” she said, “but it’s about a man in love with a girl, and he----” “Who wrote it?” I interrupted.	And that was her policy, too, though now and then she carried it too far.	For I have known families to be rent by disagreements as to meteorological conditions.