He gives them without accompaniment, and every song has a virtually unlimited number of verses, after each one of which Freddie goes conscientiously through the chorus.	All day long he is bubbling over with fun.	All you have to do is say good evening to him, ask him how everybody over at his house is getting along, and give him a chair--though this last is not essential--and silver-tongued Charlie is good for three hours straight on where he is getting it, how much he has to pay for it, and what the chances are of his getting hold of a couple of cases of genuine pinch-bottle, along around the middle of next week.	I don’t think I ever saw any one who could get as much fun as Charlie can out of splitting the Eighteenth Amendment with a friend.	When it comes to giving his time and his energy there is nobody who could not admit that Henry is generous.	Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.	Yet he never crashes in on his friends’ affairs.	CHARLIE It’s curious, but no one seems to be able to recall what Charlie used to talk about before the country went what may be called, with screaming effect, dry.	There is never any of this hanging back waiting to be coaxed or protesting that he hasn’t touched a key in months.	I don’t say he would not be able to get along without it, but neither do I say that he doesn’t get along perfectly splendidly with it.	1.C.	It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.	There is one girl he often dwells on, who, if you only give her time, can get you little bottles of chartreuse, each containing an individual drink.	Freddie does them in dialect, and I have often thought it is a wonder that we don’t all split our sides.	I don’t believe any one will ever know how much fun Freddie and his friends get out of Freddie’s calling them up and making them guess who he is.	Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.	He is still unable to talk about it without a break in his voice.	Relate to him tales of unusual places where you have heard that you can get it or of grotesque sums that you have been told have been exchanged for it, and he will hang on your every word, leading you on, asking intelligent questions, encouraging you by references to like experiences of his own.	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	But that, now I think of it, would probably be the very idea you would have in mind.	To a fault, I have even heard people go so far as to say.	Frequently, after a card has been played, he will lean over and in a good-humoured way tell the player what he should have done instead, and how he might just as well throw his hand down then and there, but he always refuses to take any more active part in the game.	1.D.	HENRY You would really be surprised at the number of things that Henry knows just a shade more about than anybody else does.	Of course there must have been a lot of unsatisfactory weather even then, and I don’t doubt that he slipped in a word or two when the talk got around to the insanity of the then-current styles of women’s dress.	1.B.	Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	He just makes them live.	But day in and day out, you can depend upon it that he is putting over some uproarious trick with a dribble glass or a loaded cigar or a pencil with a rubber point; and you can feel completely sure that no matter where he is or how unexpectedly you may come upon him, Freddie will be right there with a funny line or a comparatively new story for you.	If he isn’t sending long telegrams, collect, to his friends, then he is sending them packages of useless groceries, C. O. D. A telephone is just so much meat to him.	JOE After Joe had had two cocktails he wanted to go up and bat for the trap drummer.	But Freddie is not one of those humourists who perform only when out in society.	It is wonderful how Charlie’s circle of acquaintances has widened during the last two years; there is nothing so broadening as prohibition.	Royalty payments      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax      returns.	Now I would be well down among the last when it came to wanting to give you the impression that Charlie has been picked for the All-American alcoholic team.	It is right there, really, that they put their finger on the big trouble with him.	LLOYD Lloyd wears washable neckties.	Then he tucks his napkin into his collar, and sits there just as solemnly as if he thought that were the thing to do; or perhaps he will vary that one by folding the napkin into a little square and putting it carefully in his pocket, as if he thought it was a handkerchief.	If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.	Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.	A great many people say he puts them in mind of Buster Keaton that way.	Naturally he can’t help realizing this about himself, but you mustn’t think for a minute that he has let it spoil him.	Some of them have turned out to be but fair-weather friends, unfortunately.	That is what people marvel over when they are talking about him--how he is always just the same.	If the hostess asks him to have a chair Freddie comes right back at her with “No, thanks; we have chairs at home.” If the host offers him a cigar he will say just like a flash, “What’s the matter with it?” If one of the men borrows a cigarette and a light from him Freddie will say in that dry voice of his, “Do you want the coupons too?” Of course his wit is pretty fairly caustic, but no one ever seems to take offense at it.	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	If, for instance, Henry happens to drop in while four of his friends are struggling along through a game of bridge he does not cut in and take a hand, thereby showing up their playing in comparison to his.	LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.	Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.	Often and often I have heard him called the life of the party, and I have always felt that there is not the least bit of exaggeration in the expression.	YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.	Of course, now and then he cannot restrain a look of pain or an exclamation of surprise or even a burst of laughter as he listens to the bidding, but he never interferes.	It needs no careful leading around of the subject, no tactful questions, no well-timed allusions, to get him nicely loosened up.	The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.	For you will lose Charlie in a minute if you try it.	He can come right into a room full of strangers, and be just as much at home as if he had gone through grammar school with them.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	It is pretty elaborate for everyday use.	It is the next best thing to knowing these people yourself to hear Charlie tell about them.	1.E.4.	He tells about a friend of his who owns three untouched bottles of the last absinth to come into the country; or a lawyer he knows, one of whose grateful clients sent him six cases of champagne in addition to his fee; or a man he met who had to move to the country in order to have room for his Scotch.	Those who have not seen him for several years would be in a position to be knocked flat with a feather if they could see what a regular little Chatterbox Charlie has become.	1.E.8.	The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	And I am far from being the only one who says so, too.	I have even known him to follow his friends all the way around a golf course, offering constructive criticism on their form as he goes.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	Only after the thing is done does he point out to you how it could have been done just a dash better.	He just sits right down and does all his specialties for you.	If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.	You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.	He has no end of patience with others, and he is always willing to oversee what they are doing, and to offer them counsel.	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	It is as good as a play to see the hostess’ face.	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.	He never requires his audience to do any feeding for him.	Section 1.	1.F.