The Mirror of Eternal Salvation.	"When we have but one thought and one will with God, we are on the first step of the ladder of love and of sanctity; for good-will is the foundation of all virtue.	This being so, introversion is for him an essential part of man's spiritual development.	That a saint must needs be a visionary, is a conviction deeply implanted in the mind of the mediæval hagiographer; who always ascribes to these incidents an importance which the saints themselves are the first to deny.	He discusses also the three degrees of union with God which correspond to the ‘three lives’ of the growing soul: union by means of sacraments and good deeds; union achieved in contemplative prayer ‘without means,’ where the soul learns its double vocation of action and fruition; and the highest union of all, where the spirit which has swung pendulum-like between the temporal and eternal worlds, achieves its equilibrium and dwells wholly in God, ‘drunk with love, and sunk in the Dark Light.’ 11.	From these two virtues, then, of humble self-knowledge and God-centred love, are gradually developed all those graces of character which ‘adorn the soul for the spiritual marriage,’ mark her ascent of the first degrees of the ‘ladder of love,’ and make possible the perfecting of her correspondences with the ‘Kingdom.’ This development follows an orderly course, as subject to law as the unfolding of the leaves and flowers upon the growing plant; and though Ruysbroeck in his various works uses different diagrams wherewith to explain it, the psychological changes which these diagrams demonstrate are substantially the same.	Nevertheless Ruysbroeck, though he cannot be accused of intellectualism, is led by his admiration for Victorine ideas to lay great stress upon the mental side of contemplation, as against those emotional reactions to the Transcendent which are emphasised—almost to excess—by so many of the saints.	But intellect alone could not bear the direct impact of the terrible light of Reality; his "weak sight was dazzled by its splendour," he "could not sustain his gaze," and turned back to that humble discovery of the Divine Substance by means of Its images and attributes, which is proper to the intellectual power.	As the Son knows the Father, so it is the destiny of all spirits created in that Pattern to know Him; and the mirror which is able to reflect that Divine Light, the Simple Eye which alone can bear to gaze on it, lies in the deeps of human personality.	iii.	Though he knew it not, the vision of a spiritual city called him.	"In this season is perfected and completed all the work that the sun has accomplished during the year.	Man cannot, he says, "perpetually contemplate with attention the superessential Being of God in the Light of God.	"[64] Intuitive or infused contemplation is the form of communion with the Transcendent proper to those who have grown up to the state of Union; and feel and know the presence of God within the soul, as a love, a life, an 'indrawing attraction,' calling and enticing all things to the still unachieved consummation of the Divine Unity.	When man consents to receive it, opens the sluices of the heart to that living water, surrenders to it; then he opens his heart and will to the impact of Reality, his eyes to the Divine Light, and in this energetic movement of acceptance begins for the first time to live indeed.	The fifth and sixth represent the two great forms of the Contemplative Life as conceived by Ruysbroeck: the ecstatic and the deiform.	The deified or 'God-formed' soul is for him the spirit in which this twofold ideal is actualised: this is the Pattern, the Likeness of God, declared in Christ our Archetype, towards which the Indwelling Spirit presses the race.	As a result of these various considerations, the simple and informal existence of the little family was re-modelled in conformity with the rule of the Augustinian Canons, and the Priory of Groenendael was formally created.	And of this the Spirit of God speaks in the Book of Hidden Things, saying: 'Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord.'...	It happens, he says, when we least expect it; when the self, after the long tension and struggle of moral purgation, has become drowsy and tired.	Then the pure and single eyes are strengthened by the inpouring of that clear Light of the Father, and they behold His face, in a simple vision, beyond reason, and without reason.	For them, as for St. Augustine, God is both near and far; and the paradox of transcendent-immanent Reality is a self-evident if an inexpressible truth.	(Maetschappy der   Vlaemsche Bibliophilen).	His worldly circumstances, his place within and reaction to the temporal order, the temper of those souls amongst which he grew--these too are of vital importance in relation to his mystical achievements.	The impact of Reality seems to be felt by such spirits in earliest childhood.	When man has achieved this perfect resignation and all tendency to spiritual self-seeking is dead, the September of the soul is come.	xxxviii.	As to several of them, we cannot tell whether they were composed at Brussels or at Groenendael, at the beginning, middle or end of his mystical life.	His prose passages owe much of their seeming difficulty to the passion for exactitude which distinguishes and classifies the subtlest movements of the spiritual atmosphere, the delicately graded responses of the soul.	The chief authority for all biographical facts.	It is one of the two great modes under which the spiritual consciousness works.	The new God-inspired movement, then, begins within, like a spring bubbling from the deeps; and thrusts up and out to the consciousness which it is destined to clarify and enhance.	The Spiritual Tabernacle (called by Surius _In Tabernaculum Mosis_).—The longest, most fantastic, and, in spite of some fine passages, the least interesting of Ruysbroeck’s works.	There the mystic union is consummated, and the Divine activity takes the place of the separate activity of man, in "a simple beatitude which transcends all sanctity and the practice of virtue, an Eternal Fruition which satisfies all hunger and thirst, all love and all craving, for God."	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	ix.	The Book of the Kingdom of God's Lovers (_Regnum Deum Amantium_).--This and the following work, _The Adornment of the Spiritual Marriage_, contain Ruysbroeck's fullest and most orderly descriptions of the mystical life-process.	"For no man understandeth what love is in itself, but such are its workings: which giveth more than one can take, and asketh more than one can pay."	The static and absolute aspect is the ‘calm and glorious Unity of the Godhead’ which he finds beyond and within the Trinity, “the fathomless Abyss that _is_ the Being of God,”—an idea, familiar to Indian mysticism and implicit in Christian Neoplatonism, which governed all Meister Eckhart’s speculations upon the Divine Nature.	Of these phenomena Ruysbroeck speaks with intimacy, and also with much common sense.	That completely human life of activity and contemplation which moves freely up and down the ladder of love between the temporal and eternal worlds, and reproduces in little the ideal of Divine Humanity declared in Christ, is the ideal towards which it is set; and already, even in this lowest phase, the double movement of the awakened consciousness begins to show itself.	[81]_The Twelve Beguines_, cap.	He must also tell us what he thinks of man, that living, moving, fluid spirit-thing: his reactions to this universe and this Reality, the satisfaction which it offers to his thought, will and love, the obligations laid upon him in respect of it.	"None is sure of Eternal Life unless he has died with all his own attributes wholly into God"[70]--all else falls short of the demands of supreme generosity.	xii.	"Thanks to this simple light which fills him, the man finds himself to be unified, established, penetrated and affirmed in the unity of his mind or thought.	These be the weapons with which we fight against the terrible and immense Love of God, who would consume all loving spirits and swallow them in Himself.	Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.	_Crown 8vo.	Through these phases, at least, Ruysbroeck had surely passed before his great books came to be written.	cap.	[2]_The Book of Supreme Truth_, cap.	of Ruysbroeck.	“The Love of God is a consuming Fire, which draws us out of ourselves and swallows us up in unity with God, where we are satisfied and overflowing, and with Him, beyond ourselves, eternally fulfilled.”[84] This hungry and desirous love, at once a personal passion and a cosmic force, drenches, transfigures and unites with the soul, as sunlight does the air, as fire does the iron flung into the furnace; so that the molten metal ‘changed into another glory’ is both iron and fire ‘ever distinct yet ever united’—an antique image of the Divine Union which he takes direct from a celebrated passage in St. Bernard’s works.	Though light-imagery is never long absent from Ruysbroeck's pages, it is, however, the spring of Living Water ever welling up, the rills or brooks which flow from it, and take its substance to the farthest recesses of the thirsty land, which seems to him the best image of this new inpouring of life.	There the mystic union is consummated, and the Divine activity takes the place of the separate activity of man, in “a simple beatitude which transcends all sanctity and the practice of virtue, an Eternal Fruition which satisfies all hunger and thirst, all love and all craving, for God.” Finally, he returns to the Active Life; and ends with a practical chapter on clothes, and a charming instruction, full of deep poetry, on the evening meditation which should close the day.	xlvi., 1892).	"None is sure of Eternal Life unless he has died with all his own attributes wholly into God"[70]--all else falls short of the demands of supreme generosity.	[89]_Op.	And although we are already one with Him therein by that putting on of our nature, we must also be like God in grace and virtue, if we would find ourselves one with Him in our Eternal Archetype, which is Himself.	When the heart's core, the very source of life, is wounded by love, and man cannot attain that thing which he desires above else; when he must stay ever where he desires no more to be, of these feelings comes this pain....	In thus discerning love and humility as the governing characteristics of the soul's reaction to Reality, he is of course keeping close to the great tradition of Christian mysticism; especially to the teaching of Richard of St. Victor, which we find constantly repeated in the ascetic literature of the Middle Ages.	The truly characteristic experience of the Third Life is the fruition of that Unity or Simplicity in which they are harmonised, beyond the balanced consciousness of the indrawing and outdrawing tides.	Under the influences of the forest, of the silent and regular life, those supreme contemplative powers which belong to the ‘Superessential Life’ of Unity now developed in him with great rapidity.	And this revelation of the Father lifts the soul above the reason into the Imageless Nudity.	"The indrawing attraction drags us out of ourselves, and calls us to be melted away and naughted in the Unity.	It happens, he says, when we least expect it; when the self, after the long tension and struggle of moral purgation, has become drowsy and tired.	Side by side with it runs the other curve of deliberate training: the education by which our wandering attention, our diffused undisciplined consciousness, is sharpened and focussed upon Reality.	The soul now hungers and thirsts for a more intense Reality, a closer contact with 'Him who is measureless'; a deeper and deeper penetration into the burning heart of the universe.	It is destined ‘ever to go forward within the Essence of God,’ to grow without ceasing deeper and deeper into this life, in “the eternal longing to follow after and attain Him Who is measureless.” “And we learn this truth from His sight: that all we taste, in comparison with that which remains out of our reach, is no more than a single drop of water compared with the whole sea.... We hunger for God’s Infinity, which we cannot devour, and we aspire to His Eternity, which we cannot attain....	"[44] Here the parallel with Richard Rolle's 'ghostly song, with great voice outbreaking' will strike every reader of that most musical of the mystics; and it is probable that in both cases the prominence given to this rather uncommon form of spiritual rapture points back to personal experience.	Sometimes Ruysbroeck appears to see this central stage in the spiritual life-process in terms of upward growth toward transcendent levels; sometimes in terms of recollection, the steadfast pressing inwards of consciousness towards that bare ground of the soul where it unites with immanent Reality, and finds the Divine Life surging up like a ‘living fountain’ from the deeps.	In Superessential Contemplation, it _dies into_ that 'world which is in no wise.'	Section 1.	They have come to that state which Eckhart calls 'finding all creatures in God and God in all creatures.'	He describes the education of the human spirit up to that high point of consciousness where it knows itself established ‘between Eternity and Time’: one of the fundamental thoughts of Flemish and German mysticism.	[82]_The Twelve Beguines_, cap.	i.	A vigorous and accurate translation of _The Adornment of the Spiritual Marriage_, _The Sparkling Stone_ and _The Book of Supreme Truth_.	So, too, the life which he calls Interior or Contemplative, and which initiates man into the friendship of God, corresponds in the main with the Illuminative Way of orthodox mysticism; though it includes in its later stages much that is usually held to belong to the third, or Unitive, state of the soul.	ii.	Another cause of difficulty to those unfamiliar with the mystics is the constant reference to Bareness or Nudity, especially in descriptions of the contemplative act.	And thus does man become spiritually illuminate; for the grace of God dwells like a fountain-head in the unity of his spirit, and the brooks cause a flowing forth of all virtues from the powers of the soul.