said Aagé; "but haste thee!"	"Woe to the traitors, should they injure a hair of his head!"	The Drost and Count Henrik rode up and down around the castle walls, where the faint clashing of weapons and the moving of heavy machines of defence were heard.	Here one may make light of secular law and royal ordinance," answered Sir Brock, scornfully.	"It concerns King Eric's highest happiness in this world.	By Aagé's counsel sentinels were also posted on the public quay south-east of the castle, and on the ancient sea-tower at the north-western extremity of the town, where there was also a landing-place, together with a now deserted and decayed fortification: this spot he deemed especially important whenever it might be desirable to cut off all possible communication with the castle.	XII.	At these words the steel-clad traveller became attentive, and measured Sir Pallé with a scornful and angry look.	Each time the sprightly little Karen came to supply their wants, Ulrica eagerly and inquisitively questioned her of all that passed, and the maiden was forced to give a description of all the stranger guests and knights.	The hapless little artist had hid himself with his amanuensis among some large boxes in an adjacent booth.	This consciousness of the presence of an unknown being in the dark passage put him into a state of fearful apprehension, and recalled those images of horror to his imagination, which he felt himself least able to combat.	All seemed to grow dark before him; he fancied he was falling an unfathomable depth; but beyond this he was unconscious of what was passing around him.	The branch broke on which he had placed his foot, and he was forced to let himself slide down the trunk of the lime-tree without being able to save the skin of his hands or his rich attire, in which great rents were torn.	"Think not on what it is best to forget--they tell me thou art already out of danger, and can, perhaps, follow me to-morrow, or in a few days."	I accompany him as amanuensis, partly from a present necessity, which I blush not to acknowledge, and in this lay mantle, that I may not give offence to my prejudiced colleagues; but I learn much in this way, and, as I said--I trust to return more rich in knowledge from these worldly bye-paths to the service of St. Olaf, and to my most venerable friend and protector at Nidaros, who probably may soon need support in the cause against his unruly canons."	On second thoughts.	The bandage over thy eyes first."	At last, however, they submitted to necessity.	"Sleep ye but in quiet; I watch."	I despise life and all of ye!	and if an outlawed man hath neither rights nor safety, how then can you suppose he will let himself be bound by your pitiful laws?"	"Had I _such_ a master to die for!"	"We were to learn the rest from you, Drost; but you seem to have left tongue and speech at Wordingborg."	"Gracious heaven!	This strict clause in the treaty appeared greatly to disappoint the expectations of the Duke's friends, and their confidence in this politic prince.	Here he knew the principal attack was to be made.	Strange enough it should turn out as it hath done; for every man, both here and in Sweden's land, knows that our young king is almost more enamoured than a Sir Tristan or Florez in the new books of chivalry; and the fair Princess Ingeborg--here they already call her our second Dagmar--although we have but heard she is pious and mild, and hath pretty blue eyes and beautiful golden hair, like Dagmar.	He lay not in the chamber with the murderer."	"Is he now dead above there?--is it his maniac spirit which persecutes thee?"	Aage gazed fixedly and anxiously upon the king.	"The way to my master's den?"	"You mean doubtless my fair young wife--It is worthy a true knight to admire the beauty of a young and fair woman in all reverence and honour.	"The Drost's hat and plume; and there is his green mantle also.	"No, Count!	I should rather have said it right out, and answered for it instantly with my hand on my neck:--but enough of this--Know ye Master Grand is here?"	"I have met with a good friend and kinsman here in the monastery," said Brock, in a careless tone, to Pallé.	Woe to the accuser who hath not ample proof, were he even my dearest friend!	"Yes, doubtless," answered Palle, "silence is a virtue necessity teaches every wise man in our times; and here it is easy for me to be silent, since I know not even the name of your honourable friend and kinsman."	Only on that ground did I make over to thee my privilege of pardon, together with the power of confirming the sentence: there was no need, either, to hasten with the execution of the bloody doom."	remember, you should obey God rather than sinful men."	The armorial bearings were taken from Kaggé's broken shield; they were now, together with the shield, fastened to the tail of a mare, and thus dragged in the mire through the streets of Wordingborg, followed by the scoffs of the herald, which were echoed by the enraged mob.	"Away with the red hat from Rome!	He looked around him on all sides.	"It needs but an angel's thought in a kindly soul.	If aught chances here, I must know it instantly; you will not fail to find me at the Franciscan monastery."	"Well, let Christopher speak for himself, if he is able.	It now appeared that this person bore not the tonsure, and was even adorned with a warrior-like beard; his forehead and eye-brows were hidden by his yellowish red and combed down hair.	At the same instant Aagé actually heard with dismay a sound outside the window, as of the stroke of an axe; he rushed forward, and pulled aside the curtain.	It approached slowly, and often stopped; at last it came so near that he could see, it was carried by a tall figure in a dark mantle.	"Let him step hither instantly," commanded the king, and the sternness of his countenance seemed mingled with profound sorrow.	"Crush me, if you will, Prince Christopher," continued the chief; "I am prepared for death; my life is yours, but not my honour--Here stands your aged loyal servant, the only one who was true to you here at the castle.	"Be not ashamed of it, Christopher!	1.F.5.	As the king said these words the junker's countenance seemed suddenly to brighten, and he again breathed more freely.	He was now bound with cords, and again led upon the scaffold--there he stood staring wildly around him and foaming with rage, while the priests chanted a requiem over him as over the dead.	Who art thou?	The joyousness of the people was changed to fear and wrath.	"Your highness's imagination hath surely also been at work," continued Aagé, "since my dreams could scare you thus.	In the matter of the archbishop, reconciliation and clemency must in a great measure supersede justice."	said Ulrica, impatiently, and stamping with her little feet, without, however, taking her hands from her eyes.	"The Lord forbid!"	exclaimed the king.	we must be broad awake to-day, especially since Aagé is not here," answered the king hastily, and rode down towards the tower.	exclaimed Aage.	No traitor and murderer--not even a soul murderer--no sinful archbishop or pope--not the arch-fiend himself--shall shake the crown upon this head."	"Who says he is here?	"Who knows not that rare ballad of Sir Pallé's wooing fair Gundelillé's driver lad?"	well, then!	Aage had instantly perceived that the conduct of the proud Hanseatics was meant as defiance and insult; but he had himself, as Drost, two years before, jointly with the state-council, confirmed the great privileges which were granted to these traders, and the law strictly forbade all violent and arbitrary proceedings towards them so long as they themselves refrained from committing any act of violence.	Aagé stood in silence opposite to him, regarding him with a look of sorrowful sympathy.	I am in truth innocent as an unborn babe.	You have also surely heard how shamelessly and treacherously the king's men have dealt with the outlawed Count Jacob's men in Halland, and what an outrageous and arbitrary act the royal vassal, Jonas Fries, hath lately perpetrated here, on the boundary of my abbey's consecrated ground and territory?"	"The wise king Solomon hath also taught me to count more on a faithful friend than a false brother.	"Have you certain tidings, Sir Marsk?	So saying, the little man rose with a look of proud importance; he departed with a slight salutation to Drost Aage and the knights, in whose looks he was well satisfied to perceive the astonishment which his last mysterious remark, about the philosopher's stone especially, seemed to have excited.	A high flame presently shot up through the pillar of smoke above the gate, and a shout of dismay was heard from the burning tower, the defenders of which were now forced to fly to escape perishing in the flames.	It was not till the king saw that Aagé's consciousness was returning, and that his limbs, however bruised, still were not seriously injured, that he looked towards the knights who surrounded him, and assisted in tending the Drost.	Sir Papae!	If yonder fellow be not a liar and a cheat, there is neither truth, nor life, nor redemption, nor salvation."	He first examined into the conduct of some young knights who were accused of minor faults and transgressions of the laws of chivalry.	It is perhaps only spite and slander.	"The Drost!--send for the Drost!"	"I must speak with the king," burst forth Aage, with eagerness, and vainly strove to rise, but his strength entirely forsook him, and he fell back in a swoon.