When she saw that we knew nothing about him, she began to narrate to us his history.	If one is fond of such observations the desire becomes the more vivid the more one reflects that every season of the year, every hour of the day, and every change of weather produces new phenomena which we little looked for.	Along one of these I once saw a Capuchin walking backwards and forwards, and, now from one end, now from another, reproaching the people with their sins.	Moreover, the seven hills of Rome are not elevations above the land which lies beyond them, but merely above the Tiber and its ancient bed, which afterwards became the Campus Martius.	I fell in yesterday with a S. Agatha, a rare picture, though not throughout in good keeping.	Moriconi al Largo del Castello._" Under this address, no less cheerful than high-sounding, letters from all the four quarters of heaven will henceforth find us.	Surrounded, however, on all sides by cliffs, it commands a very distant and extensive view of the land, but takes in only just a corner of the sea.	*       *       *       *       * _Evening._ It would be difficult to give an account of this day.	The portico of the theatre, consisting of six large Ionic columns, looks handsome enough.	The mulberry-trees, from a want of moisture, have a dismal appearance at this elevation.	Wherever one goes and casts a look around, the eye is at once struck with some landscape,--forms of every kind and style; palaces and ruins, gardens and statuary, distant views of villas, cottages and stables, triumphal arches and columns, often crowding so close together, that they might all be sketched on a single sheet of paper.	Towards evening I got out of this ancient, venerable, and learned city, and extricated myself from its crowds, who, protected from the sun and weather by the arched bowers which are to be seen in almost every street, walk about, gape about, or buy, and sell, and transact whatever business they may have.	The day was glorious; the _tramontane_ (north winds) tolerable.	To live with them, however, is something quite different; every true relation and false relation becomes immediately evident.	[Sidenote: The Capuchins at Realp.]	About this same season, some one and thirty years ago, he came hither a still poorer simpleton than myself, but then he had such thorough German enthusiasm for all that is sterling and genuine, either in antiquity or art.	When one has to do with water we cannot say, "I will be at this or that particular place to-day."	While thus placed between these two kindhearted people, both strange to the world, alone, as it were, in the deep solitude of the earth, I felt, in the most lively manner, as I reflected on the day's adventure, what a whimsical being Man is--how the very thing, which in company he might enjoy with ease and security, is often rendered troublesome and dangerous, from his notion, that he can appropriate to himself the world and its contents after his own peculiar fashion.	In the first place, a violent thundering toned forth from its deepest abyss, then stones of larger and smaller sizes were showered into the air by thousands, and enveloped by clouds of ashes.	Judging from the time when this garden was laid out, these trees have already attained that advanced age.	This is the eighth day since he arrived here, and he leaves us to-morrow.	On such occasions, a conceit occurred to me, which I give you as nothing better, but which, however, I cannot get rid of, as indeed, generally, such conceits are, of all things, most difficult to get rid of.	Hacquet has travelled over a considerable portion of the chain.	To-day we were with the Prince von Waldeck at Capo di Monte, where there is a great collection of paintings, coins, &c. It is not well arranged, but the things themselves are above praise: we can now correct and confirm many traditional ideas.	This morning I was in the arsenal, which I found interesting enough, though I know nothing of maritime affairs, and visited the lower school there.	I could only wish that they kept their streets a little cleaner--a duty which is as necessary as it is easy of performance, and which in fact becomes of great consequence in the course of centuries.	The people crowded to buy--for all pastry is sold cheap on this evening, and a part of the profits given to the poor.	If Kniep is to finish all he proposes, he must sketch away incessantly.	If the Podestà had understood his business, and the Actuary had not been the most selfish man in the world, you would not have got off so easily.	Moreover, they told many anecdotes of what had happened to themselves during the winter journeys over the Furca with the chamois-skins, on which expeditions, however, they always travelled in companies.	At all times I have had great pleasure in looking up to those whom I know to be possessed of what I am most wanting in myself.	He belongs to those noble young men who wish to promote the happiness and the moderate liberty of mankind.	Vitruvius himself is no easy reading; his book is obscurely written, and requires a critical study.	My father had a beautiful model of a gondola which he had brought with him [_from Italy_]; he set a great value upon it, and it was considered a great treat, when I was allowed to play with it.	On the western side, where the mountains cease to be perpendicular, and near the lake, the land becomes more flat, Garignano, Bojaco, Cecina, Toscolan, Maderno, Verdom, and Salo, stand all in a row, and occupy a reach of about a league and a half; most of them being built in long streets.	Now I wear shoes and stockings nobody looks at me.	Agata.]	[Sidenote: Sicily-Girgenti.]	It seemed strange to me that they carry on this exercise by an old lime-wall, without the slightest convenience for spectators; why is it not done in the amphitheatre, where there would be such ample room?	What an imposing effect has the aspect of his edifices: at the sight of them one almost forgets that he is attempting to reconcile us to a violation of the rules of his art.	We went together to Pæstuin, where, and also on our journey thither and back, he showed the greatest industry with his pencil.	Heaven grant that, on my return, the moral consequences may be discernible of all that this living in a wider world has effected within me.	*       *       *       *       * _Oct._ 4.	The church was crammed full.	It swells, the strata gradually disappear, and there is formed a kind of potter's clay, crumbling, shelly, and glittering on the surface like stone-coal.	Once the public, by a violent clapping of hands, gave its hearty approval to a most clumsy sophism, when it had not felt many good--nay, excellent things, that had been said in honour of invention.	The sun was high and hot, so that I was obliged to throw off some of my coats, for, indeed, with the varying atmosphere of the day, I am obliged frequently to change my clothing.	No doubt, one who has abundance of time, tact, and means, might remain here for a long time, with profit to himself.	He spoke and conducted himself like one, who feels that something foreign is not foreign to him, and told me at once that he had seen service in Bolongari's house, and would be delighted to hear from me something about this family and the city in general, which had left a pleasant impression in his memory.	On this account I was unwilling to stay long there, and to waste my time.	*       *       *       *       * And after all, the world is nothing but a wheel; in its whole periphery it is every where similar, but, nevertheless, it appears to us so strange, because we ourselves are carried round with it.	Nothing but deeds of horror or convulsive sufferings, malefactors or fanatics, along side of whom the artist, in order to save his art, invariably slips in a naked boy or a pretty damsel as a spectator, in every case treating his spiritual heroes as little better than lay-figures (_gliedermanner_), on which to hang some beautiful mantle with its folds.	A man who has at command so much wealth and such a capacious will, still feels that he must _bear_ and _forbear._ This can be learned at a less expense.	Scarcely had I got into bed before I felt as if I was attacked all over with the nettle rash.	When, however, the mountains increase their power of attraction, then the elasticity of the air is again restored, and two important phenomena result.	Farewell, and love me as sincerely as I from my heart remember you.	When in the north they shall speak to me of Rome, none of them now will be able to excite my spleen, for I also have seen it, and know too, in some degree, where I have been.	Against the horizon I plainly saw the tower of St. Mark's at Venice, with other smaller towers.	In the lagunes themselves some gallies and frigates are lying, destined to join the Chevalier Emo, who is making war on the Algerines, but detained by unfavorable winds.	The inhabitants sit before them at the door from the morning to the night, when they at last retire to their holes.	I must now busy myself with the currency, must change, pay, note down, write, while I formerly did nothing but think, will, reflect, command, and dictate.	If a person cannot bear this, he must not play the great gentleman, that is to say, he must act as if a part of his dwelling belonged to the public.	Then the driver would wake up, and give them a fresh stimulus, and thus we descended at a good pace with high rocks on both sides of us, or by the banks of the rapid river Etsch.	This lawyer, it was asserted, had prepared the pedigree of Giuseppe Balsamo, together with an explanatory memoir and documentary proofs.	We were somewhat cheered by the sight of Ustica, but, unfortunately, on our left, when we ought to have had it, like Capri, on our right.	But my countrymen are so unanimous in my favour, that if I gave them any encouragement, and yielded to them in the very least, they would try a hundred follies with me, and end with crowning me on the Capitol, of which they have already seriously thought--so foolish is it to have a stranger and a Protestant to play the first part in a comedy.	High above all the figures, and even the triple-rayed aureola, soars the celestial dove, as at once the centre and finish of the whole group.	Of the beauty of a walk through Rome by moonlight it is impossible to form a conception, without having witnessed it.	I have indeed begun to read Winckelmann's History of Art, but have passed over Egypt; for, I feel once again, that I must look out before me; and I have done so with regard to Egyptian matters.	I have tasted, indeed, some excellent pears, but I am longing for grapes and figs.	There are opportunities enough here for my collecting many more specimens.	It was important, and, happily for me, was brought forward in the holidays.	[Sidenote: Naples-Departure for Sicily.]	Tischbein was heartily glad to see me again.	In it are found many petrified corals and other shell-fish, but principally great scallops.	On one occasion of our hostess entering the room, she asked us if we had ever read the history of S. Alexis?	He had brought with him the letter which I was to take.	Only they are too happy to go the right way to acquire them.	A door opens from the chamber in which I sit into the court-yard below.	The whole is built of a limestone, very similar to the travertine; only it is now much fretted.	I know as yet but little of the neighbourhood, but I am perfectly convinced that no city of the ancient world was worse situated than Rome: no wonder, then, if the Romans, as soon as they had swallowed up all the neighbouring states, went out of it, and, with their villas, returned to the noble sites of the cities they had destroyed, in order to live and to enjoy life.	The actors felt themselves out of their element--not on the strand of Chiozza.	For although this work ought and might be much more interesting, it is nevertheless an excellent document in the hands of every rational mind, who cannot but feel deep regret to see the deceived, and those who were not more deceived than deceivers, going on for years admiring this man and his mummeries; feeling themselves by fellowship with him raised above the common mass, and from the heights of their credulous vanity pitying if not despising the sound common sense of mankind in general.