Her torment ease!	Already thou'rt again outworn, And should this last, thou wilt be torn By frenzy or remorse and pain.	What though my power compell'd thee to appear, My art was powerless to detain thee here.	'tis shatter'd!	FAUST steps Out.)	Ah!	MEPHISTOPHELES (looking round) Not every maiden is so neat.	Hail to the tumult!	Content and order brood around.	in silly night, Undo the bolt!	STREET BEFORE MARGARET'S DOOR VALENTINE (a soldier, MARGARET'S brother) When seated 'mong the jovial crowd, Where merry comrades boasting loud Each named with pride his favourite lass, And in her honour drain'd his glass; Upon my elbows I would lean, With easy quiet view the scene, Nor give my tongue the rein until Each swaggering blade had talked his fill.	"For shame!"	I feel new rapture, hallow'd and intense, Through every nerve and vein with ardour glowing.	FAUST Thy heart by one sole impulse is possess'd; Unconscious of the other still remain!	MEPHISTOPHELES (aside) The sweet young innocent!	BRANDER They, as it seems, stand well with you!	(She dips the skimming-ladle into the caldron and throws flames at FAUST, MEPHISTOPHELES, and the MONKEYS.	MEPHISTOPHELES Madam, with one like you it rests alone, To tutor me a better course to lead.	Accurs'd love's dream, of joys the first!	I love thee from my heart!	fire!	Ha!	And all this misery, this bitter need, Could not his course of recklessness impede!	I fain would meet with such a man; Would him Sir Microcosmus name.	Swift in the circle they advanced, They danced to right, to left they danced, And all the skirts were swinging.	accursed SOW!	(Exit.)	CHORUS Quid sum miser tunc dicturus?	MEPHISTOPHELES Spill not a single drop, of this beware!	Crawling this way she hies: With searching feelers, she, no doubt, Hath me already scented out; Here, even if I would, for me there's no disguise.	Juchhe!	Unto thy lov'd one's chamber thou And not to death shouldst go.	The MONKEYS whimper.)	Who'll teach me now?	MARGARET How?	MARGARET Ere long to meet again!	Hath woman charms so rare?	"In the beginning was the Sense!"	I pause, perplex'd!	Be not a hollow tinkling fool!	A SUMMER-HOUSE (MARGARET runs in, hides behind the door, holds the tip of her finger to her lip, and peeps through the crevice.)	FAUST (alone) How him alone all hope abandons never, To empty trash who clings, with zeal untired, With greed for treasure gropes, and, joy-inspir'd, Exults if earth-worms second his endeavour.	Inscrutable in broadest light, To be unveil'd by force she doth refuse, What she reveals not to thy mental sight, Thou wilt not wrest me from her with levers and with screws.	MARGARET I know not, dearest, when thy face I see, What doth my spirit to thy will constrain; Already I have done so much for thee, That scarcely more to do doth now remain.	ha!	Kathrina say, Why lingering stay At dawn of day Before your lover's door?	MEPHISTOPHELES Do you ask?	Apples still fondly ye desire, From paradise it bath been so.	The fresh young blood!	FROSCH (pours a glass of wine over his head) There, You have them both!	Where is the breast, which in its depths a world conceiv'd And bore and cherished?	my meaning do not misconceive!	two!	Indeed An actor, oft I've heard it said, as teacher, May give instruction to a preacher.	MEPHISTOPHELES Well!	Then to the devil with the singer too!	MEPHISTOPHELES To-day we pass'd him, but we did not stop!	A ruddy flame flashes up; the spirit appears in the flame.)	(Exit.)	FAUST I know not--shall I?	Ascend not to the ceiling!	Now the lubber's tamed!	FAUST E'en hell hath its peculiar laws, I see!	Here vapours rise, there clouds float by, Here through the mist the light doth shine; Now, like a fount, it bursts on high, Meanders now, a slender line; Far reaching, with a hundred veins, Here through the valley see it glide; Here, where its force the gorge restrains, At once it scatters, far and wide; Anear, like showers of golden sand Strewn broadcast, sputter sparks of light: And mark yon rocky walls that stand Ablaze, in all their towering height!	at night, To lie in darkness on the dewy height, Embracing heaven and earth in rapture high, The soul dilating to a deity; With prescient yearnings pierce the core of earth, Feel in your labouring breast the six-days' birth, Enjoy, in proud delight what no one knows, While your love-rapture o'er creation flows,-- The earthly lost in beatific vision, And then the lofty intuition--.	(He writes and returns the book.)	Ah, who can know The torturing woe, The pangs that rack me to the bone?	the knave is there!	MEPHISTOPHELES Here is a casket, with a store Of jewels, which I got elsewhere.	MEPHISTOPHELES Settled!	At this poor Gretchen 'gan to pout; 'Tis a gift-horse, at least, she thought, And sure, he godless cannot be, Who brought them here so cleverly.	MEPHISTOPHELES I'll pledge myself to be thy servant here, Still at thy back alert and prompt to be; But when together yonder we appear, Then shalt thou do the same for me.	SIEBEL What means the knave!	with the paunch profound!	The gorgeous brede of figures, quaintly wrought, Which he who quaff'd must first in rhyme expound, Then drain the goblet at one draught profound, Hath nights of boyhood to fond memory brought.	the loftiest attributes of men, Reason and Knowledge, only thus contemn, Still let the Prince of lies, without control, With shows, and mocking charms delude thy soul, I have thee unconditionally then!	(He disappears with FAUST; the fellows draw back from one another.)	BOTH CHORUSES The wind is hushed, the stars grow pale, The pensive moon her light doth veil; And whirling on, the magic choir Sputters forth sparks of drizzling fire.	How for so long can it have charms for you?	I from a witness fain had heard, Where, how, and when my husband died and was interr'd.	CHORUS OF WOMEN We, his true-hearted, With spices and myrrh, Embalmed the departed, And swathed him with care; Here we conveyed Him, Our Master, so dear; Alas!	Yet out of doors 'tis not so warm.	He must be tired, I trow; He must not go disconsolate.