She was holding a rye loaf in her hand, and was cutting slices for the little ones all around, in proportion to their age and appetite.	You abhor the drunken man, and detest the extravagant; you pass by, like the Levite, and thank God, like the Pharisee, that you are not like one of them.	(We feel obliged to suppress the passage in the letter, to prevent any one from feeling aggrieved; although no author need pay much attention to the opinion of a mere girl, or that of an unsteady young man.)	I knew I could make no pretensions to her, nor did I offer any, that is, as far as it was possible, in the presence of so much loveliness, not to pant for its enjoyment.	OCTOBER 27: Evening.	As I was walking up and down his room, my eye fell upon his pistols.	In the meantime, Charlotte was in a pitiable state of mind.	My dear friend, the bare recollection of those hours still consoles me.	He alluded to his unfortunate attachment, and wished it were possible to discontinue his acquaintance.	"But he eats out of my mouth," she continued, and extended her lips to him containing seed; and she smiled with all the charm of a being who has allowed an innocent participation of her love.	But it does not produce the same effect upon me.	it is Daura who calleth thee.	Charlotte and her partner began an English country dance, and you must imagine my delight when it was their turn to dance the figure with us.	Think, whilst you peruse this plain narration, what an impression the circumstance has made upon me!	As I anticipated, the ambassador occasions me infinite annoyance.	The stream and the wind roar aloud.	Theft is a crime; but the man who commits it from extreme poverty, with no design but to save his family from perishing, is he an object of pity, or of punishment?	how I felt the word!	It is a matter of extreme regret that we want original evidence of the last remarkable days of our friend; and we are, therefore, obliged to interrupt the progress of his correspondence, and to supply the deficiency by a connected narration.	Thy voice was as a stream after rain, like thunder on distant hills.	what a torment it is to see so much loveliness passing and repassing before us, and yet not dare to lay hold of it!	"What is the use of my continually repeating that he is a good and estimable man?	She has been absent for some days.	Sometimes, when I am ready to commit suicide, she sings that air; and instantly the gloom and madness which hung over me are dispersed, and I breathe freely again.	Father, whom I know not,--who wert once wont to fill my soul, but who now hidest thy face from me,--call me back to thee; be silent no longer; thy silence shall not delay a soul which thirsts after thee.	When I tore myself from you yesterday, my senses were in tumult and disorder; my heart was oppressed, hope and pleasure had fled from me for ever, and a petrifying cold had seized my wretched being.	Call it folly or infatuation, what signifies a name?	one for papa, and another for Albert and Charlotte, and one for Werther; and they were to be presented early in the morning, on New Year's Day.	Oh, from the rock on the hill, from the top of the windy steep, speak, ye ghosts of the dead!	Colgar the valiant lives, and Annira, fairest maid.	Here used I to sit for hours together with my eyes bent upon them, ardently longing to wander in the shade of those woods, to lose myself in those valleys, which form so delightful an object in the distance.	I have just had a sad adventure, which will drive me away from here.	Sometimes I am disposed to believe them honest, and yet I cannot persuade myself to confide in them.	I was thunderstruck: I placed a piece of money in her hand, and hastened away.	Finding that all the parish, particularly the old people, were displeased, I asked "why they allowed it?"	The affection and simplicity with which this was uttered so charmed me, that I sought to express my feelings by catching up the child and kissing her heartily.	and then might not rapture perchance be the portion of this liberated soul?	"The count," he said, "is a man of the world, and a good man of business: his style is good, and he writes with facility; but, like other geniuses, he has no solid learning."	"Charlotte!"	The foaming torrents rolled from the mountains in the moonlight,--fields and meadows, trees and hedges, were confounded together; and the entire valley was converted into a deep lake, which was agitated by the roaring wind!	Her little sister was dressing her doll upon my lap.	I often envy Albert when I see him buried in a heap of papers and parchments, and I fancy I should be happy were I in his place.	why complainest thou, as a blast in the wood as a wave on the lonely shore?	Jane at the moment approached with the glass.	AUGUST 28.	"This speech," replied Werther with a cold smile, "this speech should be printed, for the benefit of all teachers.	Her heart beat audibly--we could almost say for the first time--at his arrival.	The boat is broken in twain.	A recollection of many things which had happened pressed upon my mind, and filled my eyes with tears.	then the noble Albert, who never disturbs my happiness by any appearance of ill-humour, receiving me with the heartiest affection, and loving me, next to Charlotte, better than all the world!	She dances with her whole heart and soul: her figure is all harmony, elegance, and grace, as if she were conscious of nothing else, and had no other thought or feeling; and, doubtless, for the moment, every other sensation is extinct.	"Oh, she has jewels and crowns!"	"By all means," he replied, "if you will take the trouble to load them; for they only hang there for form."	Wherever I go, some fatality occurs to distract me.	I met him yesterday on the road, going to a neighbouring village.	He heard their strife on the hill: their song was soft, but sad!	She was playing upon her piano a succession of delightful melodies, with such intense expression!	Farewell!	I meet this bard with silver hair; he wanders in the valley; he seeks the footsteps of his fathers, and, alas!	I had spent half an hour struggling between the contending thoughts of going and returning, when I heard them coming up the terrace.	Last night, and this morning, Werther, I was compelled to listen to a lecture upon my acquaintance with you.	But thou dost smile and depart.	A dim vastness is spread before our souls: the perceptions of our mind are as obscure as those of our vision; and we desire earnestly to surrender up our whole being, that it may be filled with the complete and perfect bliss of one glorious emotion.	Werther started.	Charlotte looked at me with a smile; she observed the emotion with which I spoke: and a tear in the eyes of Frederica stimulated me to proceed.	This is a glorious summer.	Loud was the wind; the rain beat hard on the hill.	Speak, I will not be afraid!	Oh, the brilliant wretchedness, the weariness, that one is doomed to witness among the silly people whom we meet in society here!	If I sometimes invent an incident which I forget upon the next narration, they remind one directly that the story was different before; so that I now endeavour to relate with exactness the same anecdote in the same monotonous tone, which never changes.	when we have attained our object, when the distant there becomes the present here, all is changed: we are as poor and circumscribed as ever, and our souls still languish for unattainable happiness.	AUGUST 30.	To hear all this, Wilhelm, uttered by her in a voice of the most sincere sympathy, awakened all my passions; and I am still in a state of extreme excitement.	I was silent.	Happy mortal, who can ascribe your wretchedness to an earthly cause!	Thus did she express herself; but O Wilhelm!	The sight of his blood might possibly be a relief to my fury.	He threw down the book, seized her hand, and wept bitterly.	His soul was like the soul of Fingal: his sword like the sword of Oscar.	"Poor boy!"	Albert is not the man to satisfy the wishes of such a heart.	I threw myself at her feet, and, seizing her hand, bedewed it with a thousand tears.	Alpin, thou son of song, why alone on the silent hill?