"God be gracious to my father!"	With liberal hand he was dispensing his charities.	Word went through the town that Israel had fallen from the favour of the Basha, and then some of the more bold and free laughed at him in the streets when they saw him relieve the miseries of the poor, thinking himself accountable to God for their sufferings.	He laughed lightly, and turned to Israel.	He was coming afoot down the lane under the town walls from the gate called the Bab Toot, where the road comes in from Shawan.	"They are tombs," he told himself, "and this is a Mukabar--an Arab graveyard--the most desolate place in the world of God."	She felt the goat with her hands, and as she did so her fingers shook.	Israel took Naomi by the hand, but no present with either of them, and followed the children, going past the booths, the blind beggars, the lepers, and the shrieking Arabs that lay thick about the gate, through the iron-clamped door, and into the quadrangle, where groups of women stood together closely covered in their blankets--the mothers and sisters of the children, permitted to see their little ones pass into the Kasbah, but allowed to go no farther--then down the crooked passage, past the tiny mosque, like a closet, and the bath, like a dungeon, and finally into the pillared patio, paved and walled with tiles.	Come, dearest, come."	With helpless hands she held to their hands and hurried home, over the darkening fields, through the palpitating sheets of dazzling light, leading on, yet seeing nothing.	“Good again!” cried the woman.	he remembered how he had read to her in the days of her deafness, and he said to himself, "Shall I have less faith now that she can hear?"	Israel is here!"	In an instant, at a thought, by one spontaneous flash, as if the spirit of the girl tore down the dark curtains which had hung for seventeen years over the windows of her eyes, Naomi saw!	Oh, why did God make my child so beautiful?.	"Allah blot out your name, you thief!"	"Wait!"	"So I know!"	CHAPTER XXVIII "ALLAH-U-KABAR" Travelling through the night,--Naomi laughing and singing snatches in her new-found joy, and the Mahdi looking back at intervals at the huge outline of Tetuan against the blackness of the sky,--they came to the hut by Semsa before dawn of the following day.	“A safe journey to you, my son,” said Israel; “and may you do all my errands.” “God burn my great-grandfather if I do not!” said Ali stoutly.	In the light of these he saw a struggling current of angry faces.	Two days later Israel and his company reached before dawn the snake-like ramparts of Mequinez the city of walls.	If you were to get up early you would feel God's kiss on the flowers and on the grass.	God is very good to me.	There was nothing in common between his faith and their own.	"The Mahdi," they whispered with awe, and fell back when he approached.	But through the haze he saw the shadow of one figure tramping furiously to and fro, and through the thick air the voice of another figure came muffled and harsh.	Great was the display, and lavish the outlay.	The grocers squatted within their narrow wooden boxes turned on their sides, one half of the lid propped up as a shelter from the sun, the other half hung down as a counter, whereon lay raisins and figs, and melons and dates.	thought Israel, but the troubles of others could not really touch him.	A look of joy beamed on her face.	It was Naomi.	"God bless our Lord!"	That blessing of the old black man was more than Israel could bear, and, facing about before hearing the last of it, he turned down the dark arcade that descends into the old town as into a vault, and having crossed the markets, he came upon the second of the three sights that were to smite out of his heart his pride towards God.	Camel-skin coat?	He gave some homely directions as to her treatment--for he despaired of administering drugs to such a one as she was--and promised to return the next day.	Only their mules and asses, all hobbled and still saddled, were up and feeding.	“God bless our Lord!” “Saviour of his people!” “Benefactor!	He is a Jew, and will have no right to you any more.	Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	A babe in swaddling clothes, eh?	Could the hand of God's anger be more plain if it were printed in fire upon the sky?	Desolate!	Katrina had come, and she was a vain woman and a lover of all luxury, and she commanded Israel to tax the people afresh.	It was a touching sight.	I found him a beggar, and I gave him wealth.	Trust!	Never leave this place.	Their dogs and their asses might bear his name, but their own lives and liberty must answer to it.	I have no time for wrangling.” Reuben's lip straightened instantly.	Naomi--it must be she!	Worse to be a father whose children join with his enemies to curse him!	"He must be starving," she told herself again, and that helped her to forget her own troubles and to struggle on.	At last he recited the incidents of her cruel trial, and how she had yielded at length, knowing nothing of religion, being only a child, seeing her father in everything and thinking to save his life, though she herself must see him no more (for all this he had gathered from Fatimah), and then the great thaw came to Israel, and his fingers trembled, and his face twitched, and the hot tears rained down his cheeks.	"Alas!	Ya Allah!	Naomi broke down at last.	I asked God to take my riches and give her hearing.	Everything was unlike what she expected.	"It will soon be true," he muttered under his breath, that came so quick.	With that last farewell the brave heart of the little creature broke, and it stretched itself and died.	One step more--" But just at that moment Israel turned full upon him, face to face, and the threat that he was about to utter seemed to die in his stifling throat.	"God is good," said the Mahdi; "lie still, lie still," and he laid his cool hand on Israel's forehead.	He listened.	"The daughter of Ben Oliel?	"Then how can she say the Shemang either?"	Then, a line of Jewish girls in their kilted skirts dancing after the Jewish manner tripping on their slippered toes, whirling and turning around with rapid motions, and playing timbrels and tambourines held high above their heads by their shapely arms and hands.	"Ali!	A venerable Jew, with long white beard, walked side by side with a Moor of great stature, enshrouded in the folds of his snow-white haik.	They were the cries of Naomi in her blind and sudden terror at the first sounds that had reached her of human voices.	“A friend,” he answered “Who told you of our trouble?” “Allah has angels,” he would reply.	They answered him that she had not yet left her room, and he sent the black woman Fatimah to fetch her.	There was something ghostly in this thing that was herself and yet not herself, this face that looked up at her and laughed and yet made no voice.	look!	Yes, it is true, Naomi, it is true.	Allah!” The soldiers were affected by the fears of the Basha, and they huddled together in a group.	The locusts had lately come up from the south and the east, in numbers exceeding imagination, millions on millions, making the air dark as they passed and obscuring the blue sky.	How the earth trembled!	"God of Jacob, save us!	"God bless your morning!"	Nevertheless, Israel kept his secret.	Nevertheless, while they had their flocks and herds they had borne their privations patiently--the weary journeys, the exposure, the long rains of the spring and the scorching heat of summer.	Also he hired mules for himself and Ali, for he knew full well that, unless with his own eyes he saw the followers of Absalam receive what he had bought, no chance was there, in these days of famine, that it would ever reach them.