"But at least," said Appleplex, "we are..." "Individualists.	Edith, in spite of what is called her impenetrable mask, presents herself too well.	I am, I confess to you, in private life, a bank-clerk...." "And should, according to your own view, have a wife, three children, and a vegetable garden in a suburb," said Appleplex.	Both were endeavoring to escape not the commonplace, respectable or even the domestic, but the too well pigeonholed, too taken-for-granted, too highly systematized areas, and,--in the language of those whom they sought to avoid--they wished "to apprehend the human soul in its concrete individuality."	It may be added that Eeldrop was a sceptic, with a taste for mysticism, and Appleplex a materialist with a leaning toward scepticism; that Eeldrop was learned in theology, and that Appleplex studied the physical and biological sciences.	I cannot use her; she uses herself too fully.	With the decline of orthodox theology and its admirable theory of the soul, the unique importance of events has vanished.	We could, if we liked, make excellent comment upon the nature of provincial Spaniards, or of destitution (as misery is called by the philanthropists), or on homes for working girls.	"I test people," said Eeldrop, "by the way in which I imagine them as waking up in the morning.	'Not pleasure, but fulness of life... to burn ever with a hard gem-like flame,' those were her words.	The awful importance of the ruin of a life is overlooked.	And at precisely what time?	The important fact is that something is done which can not be undone--a possibility which none of us realize until we face it ourselves.	I do not like to think of her future.	Here is an old laundry account which she left for you to pay, a cheque drawn by her and marked 'R/D,' a letter from her mother in Honolulu (on ruled paper), a poem written on a restaurant bill--'To Atthis'--and a letter by herself, on Lady Equistep's best notepaper, containing some damaging but entertaining information about Lady Equistep.	"Why," said Eeldrop, "was that fat Spaniard, who sat at the table with us this evening, and listened to our conversation with occasional curiosity, why was he himself for a moment an object of interest to us?	But such is not our intention.	Nothing ever happens to her; everything that happens is her own doing."	I find in her a quantity of shrewd observation, an excellent fund of criticism, but I cannot connect them into any peculiar vision.	No!!	She then married a celebrated billiard professional in San Francisco, after an acquaintance of twelve hours, lived with him for two days, joined a musical comedy chorus, and was divorced in Nevada.	I suspect that within there is only the confusion of a dusty garret."	It is not my intention to represent Edith as merely disreputable.	"Not at all," interrupted his friend.	The artist is part of him a drifter, at the mercy of impressions, and another part of him allows this to happen for the sake of making use of the unhappy creature.	"The lady you mention," he rejoined at last, "whom I have listed not under S. but as Edith, alias Scheherazade, has left but few evidences in my possession.	Yet the vision does not give me much pain.	"The memory of Scheherazade," said Appleplex, "is to me that of Bird's custard and prunes in a Bloomsbury boarding house.	We must avoid having a platform."	"No, not that."	As it is Saturday night, I shall return to my suburb.	Eeldrop snatched away the opportunity.	We avoid classification.	For any vital truth is incapable of being applied to another case: the essential is unique.	He writes very entertainingly on the structure of the eye of the frog."	When Wolstrip married, I am sure he said to himself: 'Now I am consummating the union of two of the best families in Philadelphia.'"	But the mediaeval world, insisting on the eternity of punishment, expressed something nearer the truth."	Yet under the circumstances--when we had been discussing marriage, and he suddenly leaned forward and exclaimed: 'I was married once myself'--we were able to detach him from his classification and regard him for a moment as an unique being, a soul, however insignificant, with a history of its own, once for all.	"What you say," replied Appleplex, "commands my measured adherence.	"The artistic temperament--" began Appleplex.	He is already in a different world from ours.	A man is only important as he is classed.	We had been talking of young Bistwick, who three months ago married his mother's housemaid and now is aware of the fact.	The important fact is that for the man the act is eternal, and that for the brief space he has to live, he is already dead.	I am not drawing upon memory when I imagine Edith waking to a room strewn with clothes, papers, cosmetics, letters and a few books, the smell of Violettes de Parme and stale tobacco.	Her material, her experience that is, is already a mental product, already digested by reason.	And now, as I still insist, she has disappeared from society altogether."	What we learned about that Spaniard is incapable of being applied to any other Spaniard, or even recalled in words.	"You ought to inform yourself better," said Appleplex severely, "Edith dines sometimes with Mrs. Howexden, who tells me that her passion for experience has taken her to a Russian pianist in Bayswater.	I cannot altogether analyse her 'into a combination of known elements' but I fail to touch anything definitely unanalysable.	I want to know why she misses.	Her sarcasm at the expense of her friends is delightful, but I doubt whether it is more than an attempt to mould herself from outside, by the impact of hostilities, to emphasise her isolation.	I should think, in the case of the Spaniard, and in the many other interesting cases which have come under our attention at the door of the police station, what we grasp in that moment of pure observation on which we pride ourselves, is not alien to the principle of classification, but deeper.	He removed the file marked London from between the files Barcelona and Boston where it had been misplaced, and turned over the papers rapidly.	"The question is," said Appleplex, "what is to be our philosophy.	"Edith," murmured Eeldrop, who had not been attending to this catalogue, "I wonder what has become of her.	These also are labels.	Appleplex rose without speaking and turned to the files which contained the documents for his "Survey of Contemporary Society."	What real person, with the genuine resources of instinct, has ever believed in the passion for experience?	He wore his napkin tucked into his chin, he made unpleasant noises while eating, and while not eating, his way of crumbling bread between fat fingers made me extremely nervous: he wore a waistcoat cafe au lait, and black boots with brown tops.	There was a common motive which led Eeldrop and Appleplex thus to separate themselves from time to time, from the fields of their daily employments and their ordinarily social activities.	Hence Edith (I only at this moment arrive at understanding) is really the most orderly person in existence, and the most rational.	I see her grown very plump, full-bosomed, with blond hair, living in a small flat with a maid, walking in the Park with a Pekinese, motoring with a Jewish stock-broker.	"On such a night as this," said Eeldrop, "I often think of Scheherazade, and wonder what has become of her."	Nietzsche was a mob-man, just as Bergson is an intellectualist.	But when a man is classified something is lost.	Who appreciates the truth of the matter?	Scheherazade grown old!	The passionate person is passionate about this or that, perhaps about the least significant things, but not about experience.	The passion for experience is a criticism of the sincere, a creed only of the histrionic.	Perhaps that is why it is so neglected: because it is useless.	But the people who can be material for art must have in them something unconscious, something which they do not fully realise or understand.	We cannot escape the label, but let it be one which carries no distinction, and arouses no self-consciousness.	In Gopsum Street a man murders his mistress.	He was oppressively gross and vulgar; he belonged to a type, he could easily be classified in any town of provincial Spain.	Tomorrow will be spent in that garden...." "I shall pay my call on Mrs. Howexden," murmured Appleplex.	Eeldrop, at the window, welcomed the smoky smell of lilac, the gramaphones, the choir of the Baptist chapel, and the sight of three small girls playing cards on the steps of the police station.	Everyone says of her, 'How perfectly impenetrable!'	"Such is precisely the case," returned Eeldrop, "but I had not thought it necessary to mention this biographical detail.	It is these moments which we prize, and which alone are revealing.	"Our philosophy is quite irrelevant.	On the other hand I have often thought of her, as I thought this evening, as presenting possibilities for poetic purposes.	Partly for the same reason I think, she fails to be an artist: she does not live at all upon instinct.