Why it isn't so very much to suffer, when even I can bear to do it.	I know good people Dr. Campbell, and you ain't a bit like men who are good and got religion.	The doctor she had learned to know, was too certainly an evil as well as a mysterious man, and he had power over the widow and midwife, Mrs. Lehntman.	The medium first closed her eyes and then they opened very wide and lifeless.	Anna went to Doctor and explained.	He was a gentle soul and a little fearful.	Mrs. Lehntman was the only romance Anna ever knew.	Jem Richards was not yet having better luck in his betting.	But why did the subtle, intelligent, attractive, half white girl Melanctha Herbert, with her sweetness and her power and her wisdom, demean herself to do for and to flatter and to be scolded, by this lazy, stupid, ordinary, selfish black girl.	Jeff was not very quick to suspect Melanctha.	Melanctha always made herself escape but often it was with an effort.	Lena was very sick on the voyage.	And yet he always came as she said he should, on the day she had fixed for him, and always Jeff Campbell was not sure yet that he really understood what it was Melanctha wanted.	Jeff did not like it very well these days, in his true feeling.	He was Anna's special favourite and she scolded him as she used to her old doctor so that he always would be good.	Now Jeff was always very silent with Melanctha.	Mrs. Lehntman needed Anna just as much as Anna needed Mrs. Lehntman, but Mrs. Lehntman was more ready to risk Anna's loss, and so the good Anna grew always weaker in her power to control.	You won't be so ready then always with your talking.	At last Melanctha in a low, even tone began to talk to Jefferson Campbell.	But Lena in her unsuffering and unexpectant patience never really knew that she was slighted.	The car was empty and the conductor sat down beside her to put his arm around her, and to be a comfort to her.	Miss Mathilda rarely really saw them but they were always sending flowers and words of admiration through her Anna.	The family of seven children was made up of four stalwart, cheery, filial sons, and three hard working obedient simple daughters.	I never in my life see anybody be so stupid."	Melanctha really was a good woman, and she had a good mind, and she had a real, strong sweetness, and she could surely really teach him.	Jeff Campbell liked it very well, not to have fighting always going on inside him.	Anna loved to buy things cheap, and fix up a new place.	But no, surely she had made herself to bear it, for her own sake, not for his to make him happy.	One day they had a grand real wedding and were married.	"Sure Melanctha?"	And now Jem Richards had some bad trouble with his betting.	"I know Miss Melanctha" he began, "It ain't very easy for you to understand what I was meaning by what I was just saying to you, and perhaps some of the good people I like so wouldn't think very much, any more than you do, Miss Melanctha, about the ways I have to be good.	But what else now could the good Anna do?	And so one day old Baby died.	"Haven't you got nothing to say to me Jeff Campbell?"	Melanctha Herbert now only needed Jem Richards to be with her.	Melanctha stopped to talk to him.	"Why, Melanctha," cried Jeff Campbell, and he got up and put his arm around her like a brother.	Melanctha Herbert never had any strength alone ever to feel safe inside her.	Jeff Campbell had never yet in his life had real trouble.	"I certainly do think you would have told me.	Jeff Campbell never knew very well these days what it was that was going on inside him.	In every way that he could think of in his anger, he tried to make her say a thing she did not really know.	Rose liked to have Melanctha come all the time to help her, Rose liked Melanctha to be almost always with her, but Rose was shrewd in her simple selfish nature, she did not ever think to ask Melanctha to live with her.	It was not from the men that Melanctha learned her wisdom.	Sam never asked Rose why she did not have her.	Jem Richards talked some more then to her, about the bad luck he always had now, and how he needed to go away to see if he could make it come out any better.	People don't seem to have no sense of right or wrong or anything these days Miss Mathilda, they are just careless and thinking always of themselves and how they can always have a happy time.	She too, always had things that went wrong.	These years of learning led very straight to trouble for Melanctha, though in these years Melanctha never did or meant anything that was really wrong.	It has a round table in the centre covered with a decorated woolen cloth, that has soaked in the grease of many dinners, for though it should be always taken off, it is easier to spread the cloth upon it than change it for the blanket deadener that one owns.	It do certainly come hard to me to say it Jeff, but I certainly was wrong to go away from you the way I did it.	Rose Johnson went into her house and closed the door behind her.	Surely Jeff knew very well all that Melanctha always had inside her.	Jeff was always loyal to Melanctha.	Julia and Charley were soon married and things went pretty well with them.	She did not ask if she would like being married any better.	But Anna always found new people to befriend, people who, in the kindly fashion of the poor, used up her savings and then gave promises in place of payments.	Oh, Jeff, sure, sure, always be just so good to me" There was a weight in Jeff Campbell from now on, always with him, that he could never lift out from him, to feel easy.	Mrs. Drehten's tumor came out very well.	Mrs. Lehntman came into the kitchen where they were.	Here Anna and the boys gave it to each other in sharp hits and hearty boisterous laughter, the girls made things for them to eat, and waited on them all, the mother loved all her children all the time, and the father joined in with his occasional unpleasant word that made a bitter feeling but which they had all learned to pass as if it were not said.	Melanctha had tried to do the drinking but it had no real attraction for her.	He was a doctor who had just begun to practice.	With Miss Mathilda Anna did it all.	No Miss Melanctha I certainly do only know just two kinds of ways of loving.	He came back very soon to Melanctha.	And Melanctha always loved very well to make him feel it.	Now he would often ask her, was she real now to him, in her loving.	Tell me true Melanctha, why don't you talk more now to me, perhaps it is I talk so much I don't give you any chance to say things to me, or perhaps it is you hear me talk so much you don't think so much now of a whole lot of talking.	Always now every day he found it harder to make the time pass, with her, and not let his feeling come so that he would quarrel with her.	"No Melanctha, deed I don't know it in me.	I mean real, strong, hot love Dr. Campbell, that makes you do anything for somebody that loves you."	Melanctha did not yet always wander, but a little now she needed to begin to look for others.	She did not want to make them angry, for she wanted very badly now that Lena should be married to their Herman.	Campbell."	I listened while she told me everything about you.	Jeff learned every day now, more and more, how much it was that he could really suffer.	She asked him many questions and always listened very well to all he told her, and she always remembered everything she heard him say about doctoring, and she always remembered everything that she had learned from all the others.	You hear me now Jeff, or I do something real bad sometime, so I really hurt you.	Their mother could hardly make them kiss their grandparents, and every day the girls would get a scolding.	Soon they began to wander, more to be together than to see men and learn their various ways of working.	And so they could only go on hating Lena hard, together.