You-always-speak-to-us-blacks-politely-and never-snub-us.	I wash my hands of the attempt.	Horace Christian.	He is now about to meet Erma, and though he has been planning his little speech for the occasion for years, it is now all gone from him, and he is trembling with excitement and abusing his mind for going to pieces just at the wrong time.	His bow legs were incased in a pair of linen breeches that desired to pass for white, and were very much wrinkled.	Just before the walls crumbled Rev.	Erma went to this lecture.	"That would be terrible.	When John was through, the foreman resumed, "But I am very sorry to say that I have bad news for you."	"Is that all there is to the matter?	We now pass from the father to the son.	The evening star peeps above the horizon, in order to see and report as to whether the sky is clear of the sun, so that the timid moon may rise.	It mout not hurt Margie so much ef she would help her ole mammy er bit.	You see you are not a member and they will not let their members work with non-union men."	The policeman looked over to Rev.	Josiah Nerve felt a little strength return and he managed to say to the policeman, in a husky tone, "Good day," and _sotto voce_, "Good by."	So saying, he turned around and got back out of the window.	You-are-not-exactly-yellow;-you-are-a pretty- brown-skin,-a-mighty-pretty-brown-skin.	cried Erma, springing from the couch on which she lay.	was the great question.	He and God were the sole partners in a terrible secret.	I pledge you solemnly that they shall bring Erma to her knees.	The world passed him by, ignorant of his deed.	The moon, one-quarter full, was now half-way between the zenith and the horizon.	They were thus engaged for about three hours.	It is merely an accretion that has come to you because of your environments which you were too feeble to alter.	"Arson-from-two-to-twenty-years-in-the penitentiary,-two-to-twenty,-two-to-twenty.	Sometimes she would sit upon a huge boulder near at hand, and, surrounded on all sides by the green foliage, drink in the wild, untamed beauty of the mountains, and commune with the Spirit of recklessness and fury that evidently makes the mountain his favorite resort.	A party had approached the original holder of the mortgage with a view to the purchase thereof.	When Erma's beauty was taken into account, together with the brilliancy and power of insinuation found in the correspondence, the auditors were prepared to account for the downfall of young Lawson.	I-then-called-my-church together,-and-told-them-that-there-was-a-title that-they-could-confer- upon-me.	If you-are-yellow-and-don't-work-any- with-your hands,-you-are-all-right.	"Huh, miss,-you-are-young-yet.	"Huh,-yes,-miss.	You-see,-I-know-what-it-takes-to-scoop-a D.D.-from-the-very- best-nigger-colleges.	"Back out!	With my hair rising on my head and the strangest feeling I ever had in my life stealing over me, I crept up to the body.	I thought that the one point of cheer in my verdict would be love of his fatherland," mused Lanier, who had now arisen and was gazing upon the picture of woe before him.	"There she is," said Ellen, flopping herself around, assuming an attitude apparently as stiff and immovable as a granite cliff.	You looked upon murder as a matter of fun."	There was no marked peculiarity about him, nothing that would so impress you that you could point him out again if you saw him in a crowd.	Lawson."	Tut, tut, a few more ennobling reflections and I would be a good woman, which thing is manifestly an impossibility."	Astral was criticised by some on the score that he had chosen a wife of mixed blood when there were so many girls in the city of pure Negro extraction.	Mrs. Turner was delighted with her scheme, and noticed how respectful, deferential and truly gallant were the young men.	His first step was to remove John as far as possible from the scene of the crime, and, in keeping with this desire, he and John Wysong took a train for Florida the same night of the jail delivery.	John Wysong was the driver of this carriage.	He now felt that Lanier had put that hair on his head while he was drunk, as a joke, and having escaped himself, had sent the reporters down in order to play a prank of some sort on him.	"Oh, you are a daisy," said Lawson, and in his excess of joy at the prospective success of his scheme, he seized Dolly Smith about the waist and kissed her.	Have I struck the right trail at last?	At this time Ex-Governor Lawson was a young man, and was employed as clerk in one of the clothing stores visited by these two young girls.	"John, I have been discharged!"	Ha!"	Pray for me, for I shall be most viciously assailed by my own people who feel that the stand they take against me has a parallel in the white race where the common laborer is shut out from social recognition by the well-to-do element.	I am in for it.	"If a foe stands in our way and nothing will dislodge him but death, then he must die," kept ringing in his ears.	Do you promise?"	Educated members of the race, the school teachers, the doctors, the lawyers and the recent girl graduates were simply enraged.	But I ain't here fir much longer.	FULL OF JOY.	As Lawson's evil genius would have it, he chose this woman of all other people on earth to whom to tell the story of his love.	I knew where you lived, as the papers have been printing pictures of the old Lawson Mansion as it has been repaired to receive your father, just returned from his post as minister to Germany.	Mr. Nerve, as I have had occasion to remark before, we must learn to quit accepting customs as good and grand, simply because the white people have adopted them.	How on earth did you pull through?"	I wish for you to prevent Erma Wysong from becoming a servant girl; and I further beg of you to tell me why she seeks to become one."	"'It is he,' was the reply.	Sam danced around until he faced the door, and nodded to the veiled face that showed itself therein.	Good day.	Josiah Nerve, D. D. S., was not heard from in Richmond again.	Yes, you shall know!"	So, while not understanding the full meaning of Erma's request, he stood ready to grant it.	Such a state of affairs puts a premium on male companionship, which may be ever so frequent, or at improper hours, without the fear of any adverse comment thereon, and, in fact, without its being known.	Aside from the fact that she desired Astral for her husband, she possessed no love for Erma, who had been an object of contempt ever since the moment she had entered service.	Seeing that it was my wish, Erma went at once to the piano.	"I was a blamed fool for telling it.	The sentence was finished in the other world.	"The comment is _unfavorable_ to me, then, I presume," Astral remarked.	My hair is rising now.	No, it ran straight to God; and John would not have been surprised to hear God tell the world of his crime any day.	Mr. Lanier and John together then undressed Christian, putting Christian's clothes on John and John's clothes on Christian.	Her first move was to bring influences to bear on Astral to dissuade him from the contemplated step.	Of course, the thread of her hair is a little coarse.'	He caught sight of the grave look on Stewart's face, and inquired the cause.