_S----_ was told that Gulliver stood at the topmost line of the page, and ran along as fast as he read, till he got to the bottom of the page.	The pleasure which a lady's friends receive from her drawings, arises chiefly from the perception of their comparative excellence.	No reward was thought too high for the invention of a new pleasure; no punishment would be thought too severe for those who would destroy an old one.	"[21] "Would a mountain torn up by the roots, as fabled in Milton, if it moved with the least conceivable velocity, throw down a castle?"	A general knowledge of literature is indispensable; and yet further, she must have sufficient taste and judgment to direct the literary talents of her pupils.	If we had any suspicion, that a man who told us that he had seen an apple fall from a tree, had himself pulled the apple down and stolen it, we should set the probability of his telling a falsehood, and his motive for doing so, against his evidence; and though according to the natural physical course of things, there would be no improbability in his story, yet there might arise improbability from his character for dishonesty; and thus we should feel ourselves in doubt concerning the fact.	For instance, if a child was to hear that the Dutch burn and destroy quantities of spice, the produce of their India islands, he would probably express some surprise, and perhaps some indignation.	Those parents who have been used to elegant, will not, perhaps, be satisfied with the plain, descriptions of unpractised pupils; but they should not be fastidious; they should rather be content with an epithet too little, than with an epithet too much; and they should compare the child's description with the objects actually described, and not with the poems of Thomson or Gray, or Milton or Shakespeare.	The same exercise of fancy, which we admire in one case, we ridicule in another.	But let them never be required to repeat in the words of the book, or even to preserve the same arrangement; let them speak in words of their own, and arrange their ideas to their own plan; this will exercise at once their judgment, invention, and memory.	A tutor, who carefully remarks the circumstances in which a child expresses uncommon grief or joy, hope or fear, may obtain complete knowledge of his associations, and may accurately distinguish the proximate and remote causes of all his pupil's desires and aversions.	[64] It is to be hoped that the foreign philosophers, who, it is said, are now employed in drawing up a new metaphysical nomenclature, will avail themselves of the extensive knowledge, and original genius of the author of Zoonomia.	In many instances taste is governed by arbitrary and variable laws; the fashions of dress, of decoration, of manner, change from day to day; therefore no exclusive prejudices should confine your pupil's understanding.	We must judge in general of the ease or difficulty of any invention, either by the number of ideas necessary to be combined, or by the dissimilarity or analogy of those ideas.	Absurd!	How many accomplished belles are there, who, having gained the object of their own, or of their mother's ambition, find themselves doomed to misery for life!	The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	_S----_ (feeling the toothpick-case, smelling it, and looking closely at it.)	(April 8th.)	ON PUBLIC AND PRIVATE EDUCATION.	We should, if we were to try the judgment of children, observe, whether in unusual circumstances they can apply their former principles, and compare the new objects that are placed before them without perplexity.	It is essential to success in what are called accomplishments, or talents, as well as to our progress in the laborious arts or abstract sciences.	1.B.	When S---- was between four and five years old, a lady who had taken him upon her lap playfully, put her hands before his eyes, and (we believe) asked if he liked to be blinded.	V. Art de Raisonner, p. 2.	_Father._ "Do you know what is meant by _blinded_?"	Just at the critical moment, when the fatal key drops from the trembling hands of the imprudent wife, the gentleman interrupted the awful pause of silence that ensued, and requested permission to relate the remainder of the story.	Homer, in his speech of Achilles to Agamemnon's mediating ambassadors, has drawn a strong and natural picture of the progress of anger.	After truth has been thus happily recommended, comes honesty.	"With downcast looks the joyless victor sat,     Revolving in his altered soul     The various turns of chance below;     And now and then a sigh he stole,     And tears began to flow."	We do not mean to say, that a boy should not be taught the principles of grammar, and some knowledge of geography, at the same time that his understanding is cultivated in the most enlarged manner: these objects are not incompatible, and we particularly recommend it to _parents who intend to send their children to school_, early to give them confidence in themselves, by securing the rudiments of literary education; otherwise their pupils, with a real superiority of understanding, may feel depressed, and may, perhaps, be despised, when they mix at a public school with numbers who will estimate their abilities merely by their proficiency in particular studies.	We have seen syllogisms, crocodiles, enthymemas, sorites, &c. explained and tried upon a boy of nine or ten years old in playful conversation, so that he became accustomed to the terms without learning to be pedantic in the abuse of them; and his quickness in reasoning was increased by exercise in detecting puerile sophisms; such as that of _the Cretans_--Gorgias and his bargain about the winning of his first cause.	We hope, that candid and intelligent parents will pardon, if they have discovered any desire in us to _exhibit_ our pupils.	The positions of the several corps of the allied armies were marked upon this chart with small pieces of various coloured wax.	Let him know, as far as we know them, the general principles which govern mankind in their admiration of the sublime and beautiful; but at the same time give him that enlarged toleration of mind, which comprehends the possibility of a taste different from our own.	To a child, who has been promised that he shall put on manly apparel on his next birthday, the pace of time is slow and heavy until that happy era arrive.	At the same time a father should not intimidate his son with the idea that nothing but rigid economy can win his parental favour; his parental favour should not be a mercenary object; he should rather show his son, that he is aware of the great temptations to which a young man is exposed in going first into the world: he should show him, both that he is disposed to place confidence in him, and that he yet knows the fallibility of youthful prudence.	The pleasure which a lady's friends receive from her drawings, arises chiefly from the perception of their comparative excellence.	"The sun has set behind the hill, and the western clouds are tinged with light.	Observe the texture of that toothpick-case, if you want to know the materials of which it is made; look at the edges, feel it."	[45] Priestley on Electricity, page 317.	The silent solemn hour of midnight, should not to them be an hour of terror.	The exact age at which the music, dancing, or drawing master, should begin their instructions, need not be fixed.	The taste for poetry must be prepared by the culture of the imagination.	"Philosophic arrangement assists the memory, by classing under a few principles, a number of apparently dissimilar and unconnected particulars.	We should let children see things as they really are, and we should not prejudice them either by our exclamations of rapture, or by our affected disgust.	If they mean to send their children to public classical schools, it must be peculiarly advantageous to teach them early the rudiments of arithmetic, and to give them the habit of applying their knowledge in the common business of life.	"Est ce que je m'amuse, maman?"	The taste for the esteem of superior characters, cures the mind of fondness for vulgar applause.	If, for instance, we have an opportunity of taking a boy to a good play, or a girl to a ball, let them enjoy the full pleasure of the amusement, but do not let us excite their imagination by great preparations, or by anticipating remarks: "Oh, you'll be very happy to-morrow, for you're to go to the play.	1. fasten a cord, and pass it through the pulley P downwards, and through the pulley P 4 to the sledge placed at the end of the wooden road, which is farthest from the machine.	says the hesitating mother; "I think it would be too high a price.	It has been supposed, that ignorance is extremely susceptible of the pleasures of wonder: but wonder and admiration are different feelings: the admiration which a cultivated mind feels for excellence, of which it can fully judge, is surely a higher species of pleasure, than the brute wonder expressed by "a foolish face of praise."	Probably, Pope and Parnell did not rack their invention so much, or exercise more industry in completing "The Rape of the Lock," or "The Rise of Woman."	Yet I would give any thing to have my daughter play better than any one in England.	A governess must either rule, or obey, decidedly.	[115] The anecdotes mentioned in the _preceding_ pages, were read to the children with the rest of the work.	Mr. ---- objected to the word slough, as an ill sounding, disagreeable word, and which conveyed at first to the eye the idea of a wet boggy place; such as the slough of Despond.	[68] V. Epea Pteroenta, p. 88.	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	Children who live with persons of good sense, learn to separate the ideas of happiness and a coach and six; but young people who see their fathers, mothers, and preceptors, all smitten with sudden admiration at the sight of a fine phaeton, or a fine gentleman, are immediately infected with the same absurd enthusiasm.	Greek and Hebrew were more familiar to him than his native tongue.	_S----._ "Because I have heard a great many people say so."	[55] Priestley on Vision, vol.	PUBLISHED BY J. FRANCIS LIPPITT, PROVIDENCE, (R.	Besides the advantage of being entirely free from other bad habits, children who are not taught by inferiour masters, will not contract habits of listless application.	If they fail, at all events let them not be reproached; the mortification they naturally feel, is sufficient: nor should they be left to dwell upon their disappointment; they should have a fresh and easier trial given to them, that they may recover their own self-complacency as expeditiously as possible.	Fig.	We have, in the preceding chapter, as far as we were able, suggested the best methods of cultivating the powers of reasoning in our pupils; we must consider now how these can be applied immediately to their conduct, and associated with habits of action.	His father did not wish that he should become ambitious of excelling in this way at ten years old, because it might have turned his attention away from things of more consequence; and, if he had been much applauded for this talent, he would, perhaps, have been over-stimulated.	These do not mix well in his mind with the examples and precepts of Greek and Roman virtue: a temporary enthusiasm may have been kindled in his soul by the eloquence of antiquity; but, for want of sympathy, this enthusiasm necessarily dies away.	We could make the matter infinitely more complicated, but what has been said will be sufficient to suggest to preceptors the difficulty which their young and inexperienced pupils must feel, in forming judgments of facts where physical and moral probabilities are in direct opposition to each other.	[89] A Naturalist's Calendar, by the late Rev.	The first exercises for the judgment of children should, as Rousseau recommends, relate to visible and tangible substances.	"Why did he talk of Greece?"	Meter, means measure.	The child feels like a child, and has no idea of what he may feel when he grows up to be a man.	The moment this sentence was read, it was objected to by the audience.	When our pupils have formed their habits, and have reason and experience sufficient to guide them, let them be left as free as air; let them choose their friends and acquaintance; let them see the greatest variety of characters, and hear the greatest variety of conversation and opinions: but whilst they are children, whilst they are destitute of the means to judge, their parents or preceptors must supply their deficient reason; and authority, without violence, should direct them to their happiness.	And that she may be essentially serviceable, let no false humility lead her to doubt.	"How many languages are there," says Cicero, "which you do not understand!	If Porcia had never read Homer, Andromache would not have had this power over her imagination and her sympathy.	We should not lay down for them this or any other principle of taste, as a rule which they are to take for granted; but we should lead them to class their own desultory remarks, and we should excite them to attend to their own feelings, and to ascertain the truth, by experiments upon themselves.