And if she is no longer here, Cosimo will have little inclination to linger.” He flung back his head, and there was defiance in every line of his clear-cut face.	We had left the nobles unresponsive, as you have seen.	This is Agostino d'Anguissola, of Mondolfo and Carmina."	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	1.E.4.	He was half naked, as lithe as a snake and almost as brown.	“He desires a clear field,” he said, smiling his cold smile upon Giuliana.	For upwards of an hour the storm raged, and all the while we remained upon our knees beside the dead anchorite.	I reached Rome on the fourth day after my setting out with my grim escort, and on that same day, at much the same hour as that in which the door of my dungeon in Sant' Angelo closed upon me, Galeotto rode into the courtyard of Pagliano on his return from his treasonable journey.	It was not until she had made her purchases in a shop under the Duomo and we were returning home that I touched upon the matter.	To console himself, he turned his attention to the Val di Taro, and issued an edict commanding all nobles there to disarm, disband their troops, quit their fortresses, and go to reside in the principal cities of their districts.	"Ay--just one arm and one sword.	she cried.	O, it was midsummer frenzy that sustained him.	We were in the garden when word was brought us, and I bade the herald be admitted.	But now, quite suddenly, it was as if revelation had come to me.	We were much together in those days, Monna Giuliana and I.	But it was their custom to come in the forenoon, when I was at work with Fifanti.	The rock itself formed the far wall of it, and in this a niche was carved--a deep, capacious niche in the shadows of which I could faintly discern a figure some two feet in height, which I doubted not would be the miraculous image of St. Sebastian.	I despised myself, out of my present want, for my repudiation of her--a hundred times more bitterly than I had despised myself when I imagined that I had done a vileness by that repudiation.	On the following day, which was Sunday, we had peace.	I'll gore their vitals.	Will you let me lift this burden from your soul?"	For presently out came Fifanti himself, looking, if possible, yellower and more sour and lean than usual.	See that you do not come into my way again.” I rose and looked at him--looked down from my greater height.	As he spoke he tore out the fiendish mechanism.	I was astir betimes, and out in the gardens before any, hoping, I think, that Bianca, too, might seek the early morning peace of that place, and that so we might have speech.	“I can count upon one,” answered Galeotto.	"Ah, mother, mother!"	"Madonna Giuliana used you with a certain freedom on her arrival, and I have since heard your name coupled with her own by the Duke's ladies.	And willing to believe any evil of the man they hated, they not only laid Fifanti's death at his door, but they went to further lengths and accounted that I was the cat's-paw; that I was to be sacrificed to save the Legate's face and reputation.	I thank Thee!"	And in all this time I had seen but little of Monna Bianca.	"Take it to her in God's name.	"Is he quite sane, do you think?"	For as well might a starving man seek to compel by an effort of his will the hunger to cease from gnawing at his vitals.	"What is it?"	"You suspect that... that--O God!	You will not remain to hear the truth, sir, eh?"	Cavalcanti's confession followed upon that.	If you say that I did wrong, I warn you that I shall not believe you.” “Indeed...” began the friar with a faint smile of friendliness.	“At this hour it can be none else.	Then he looked at me with mocking, hating eyes.	That answer shattered my last illusion.	Yet here I was determined to carry through this thing as I had begun it.	This was that fine poet Annibale Caro, whom I have heard judged to be all but the equal of the great Petrarca himself.	"The more fool you!"	Seeing me she smiled timidly, and her smile gave me what little further encouragement I needed.	she murmured, and turned to me.	He bowed profoundly to my mother, who rose to respond, and then he flashed me one swift glance of his piercing eyes.	"I think he has just become so," said Fra Gervasio after a pause.	That she attached more importance to that little circumstance than did I, I was to learn much later.	I know how false can be the tongues of courtly folk.	He came on horseback attended by two grooms whom he left to await him.	This must be the dwelling of the anchorite.	"Disperse!"	A deathly stillness followed the words.	Now I submit to your excellency, and to your worthinesses," he added, turning aside, "that this confiscation is grotesque and impossible, since Mondolfo and Carmina never were the property of Agostino d'Anguissola, and could no more be taken from him than can a coat be taken from the back of a naked man--unless," he added, sneering, "a papal bull is capable of miracles."	All that night I prayed intently, in a torture of doubt, yet soothed a little by the gentle music that was never absent now.	It was all very clear and obvious, and it seemed to me that to-morrow's trial should be very interesting.	“My lord!	Then he sat down suddenly, and, elbows on knees, he took his head in his hands and spoke no word for a spell, during which time Falcone, still kneeling, looked from one to the other in an agony of apprehension and impatience to hear more.	From the window of my room I saw the doctor get astride his mule.	Be off, or I will have this drawbridge raised and deal with you here and now, in despite of Pope and Emperor and all the other powers you can invoke.	"Ah, well," he sighed at last.	I was enthralled by the novelty of the matters that I read, so different from all those with which I had been allowed to become acquainted hitherto.	I mounted and rode amain, not by the way that I had come, but westward; not by road, but by bridle-paths, through meadow-land and forest, up hill and down, like a man entranced, not knowing whither I went nor caring.	A groan escaped him.	But it is well to know what reward may wait upon our labour.	Cosimo stared at him with round eyes, and I stared too, no glimmer of the enormous truth breaking yet upon my bewildered mind.	There had been evil in his heart.	Had he announced her to be his daughter it would have been more credible on the score of their respective years, though equally incredible on the score of their respective personalities.	"Is her judgment as unmercifully level?"	This was defeat, utter and pitiful.	And then Gonzaga uttered words that might have heartened him.	"I have no kin or ties of any sort.	Finally, my Lord Duke, it means that the Devil's patience is to be rewarded, and that he is at last to have you who have so faithfully served him upon earth."	He had gone too far.	Farnese dismissed the matter with a casual laugh.	When we were alone I turned to Bianca.	It was I who paid--I who was the fool.	And when presently Giuliana smote her hands together in ecstatic pleasure at one of those same lines and bade him repeat it to her, he swore roundly by all the gods that are mentioned in Virgil that he would dedicate the work to her upon its completion.	From time to time we were visited by Galeotto.