"What a happy girl you are, Bertha," said the other after a laugh.	And Warburton, brooding on this matter, stood appalled at the ferocity of the struggle amid which he lived, in which he had his part.	I feel sure, Bertha, that it's just this kind of thing that makes a woman sit down and write a novel--where she can speak freely in disguise, and do herself justice.	"And Mr. Jollyman was just getting me a cup of tea, Bertha," added Mrs. Cross.	Didn't you notice anything?	The thunder-storm came on.--Bertha, I never knew any one so mysterious as Mr. Warburton.	growled Franks, but at once he laughed and glanced nervously at his wife.	I'm perfectly sure that you could never have broken your engagement unless for the gravest reason--and for me it is quite enough to know that.	"You haven't told yet?"	It seems to me that women oughtn't to have to think about money, and mother hates the name of it; she always has done.	By the bye, I'm going to keep that secret no longer.	In a minute or two, Mrs. Pomfret and her niece had left the room, but Warburton still saw those pure, pale features, the emotional eyes and lips, the slight droop of the head to one side.	You wouldn't mind giving me the name of your employers?"	Bertha Cross was gazing at her friend with a puzzled smile.	At the end of the byway he looked, and there was the familiar figure, marching with quick step into the rainy distance.	And to think that all this sweat and misery arose from the need of gaining less than a couple of hundred pounds a year!	Her necessity and her application being greater than Rosamund's, Bertha before long succeeded in earning a little money; without this help, life at home would scarcely have been possible for her.	From safe retirement, she watched him.	And--this is the shocking thing--I pretended to admire it.	cried Sherwood.	This afternoon he might be calling upon the Crosses.	What can be more solid than jam?	"I speak with no authority.	He went home, and wrote to her.	"That's good satire on the critics.	A few weeks later, Rosamund returned to the topic.	"I shall have dinner to-day with Emily, and be back about tea-time."	"Well--but you promise to help him in the other way?	"It's all over."	"We shall starve him out!"	"Yes, but look here."	At school, I rather think, I learnt something about 'single and double entry,' but I had forgotten it all--just as I find myself forgetting how to multiply and divide, now that I am accustomed to the higher mathematics.	Looking forth, he saw a quiet little street of houses and gardens, and beyond, some miles away, a mountain peak rising against the cloudless blue.	Of course, he enjoys his good fortune--he's been through hard times."	I'm sure _she's_ good-looking enough for anything and--" Whilst speaking, the woman had turned to look at a picture on the wall.	They entered the house together.	They were talking of the beauties of this neighbourhood, of the delightful position of the house.	He enjoys business, does Allchin.	"The fact of the matter is," continued the other, crossing and uncrossing, and re-crossing his legs in nervous restlessness, "that I've been seeing them now and then since I told you I was going to call there.	Not to-morrow; I have to go down to St. Neots.	"And it all comes too late," fell from him, presently.	His feelings were too much for him.	And from Hendaye the train brought him back to St. Jean de Luz.	They parted with a warm hand-grip, and Warburton turned toward Fulham Road.	It meant only a shilling or two, but retail trade had taught him the importance of shillings.	"It really wouldn't surprise me.	"I have, sir, if the truth must be told.	"But does it really matter?	The Pomfrets want me to go down to Ashstead and have a talk with them about him.	The cab keeping alongside with him, he walked to the public-house, and there, midway in whisky-and-soda, looked up in the great red volume the name of Strangwyn.	"There you are, mum!"	"No, no, I'm speaking quite frankly."	"I oughtn't to have come to-day," said Will, at length, half apologetically.	"You were obliged--?"	He came to talk about you."	He was once more within sight of Albert Bridge.	So you _do_ know?	Then he stood motionless for ten minutes.	Do you know Bristol at all?	"You have seen him lately at Ashtead?"	"I was mistaken," he forced himself to remark carelessly.	His acquaintances were of course more numerous.	But it doesn't matter."	"Think it over, Will.	Will averted his eyes, and gazed for a moment at the sunny landscape.	Then, as if afraid that she had committed an indiscretion, she cast down her eyes and looked embarrassed.	"Do you mean that you were really and truly surprised that Mr. Franks behaved like a gentleman?"	And in a few words he related the events of the afternoon.	asked Will, without looking round.	"That's what I love in you!	A week later, Bertha found the sitting-room brightened with the hanging water-colours, with curtains of some delicate fabric at the windows, with a new rug before the fire place.	he inquired.	"Ah, that's the question.	To save his countenance, he assumed an unnatural grimness of feature, staring Franks resolutely in the face.	And his death--the most astounding you ever heard of.	"Yes," said Will, "that's clear.	exclaimed her son.	The "great artist" phrase gave her genuine pleasure; she rewarded Will with the kindest look of her beautiful eyes, and from that moment appeared to experience a relief, so that her talk flowed more naturally.	It was drink, Bertha; that creature was a drunkard of the most dangerous kind.	In the byways of London it had wrought for him a structure of romance, and amid mean pursuits it exalted him to an ideal of love.	"Doesn't the scent do one good?"	Accept the necessity, and think no more of it.	It's only today that she broke out.