Neither of the girls can play very well, though of course they both tinkle for their own amusement.	'Do you propose to stay in Exeter through the winter?'	A distant relative, an old and feeble lady who has passed her life in a little Dorsetshire village, came to see us in April, and in less than a fortnight she was seized with illness and died.	What could be simpler?'	'Because, for one thing, I shouldn't write in that way now; and, for another, the essay seems to imply more than I meant when I did write it.'	'I don't know whether the others would care for it,' she said, 'but I am not tempted by a winter of fog.'	I want to see him the first thing to-morrow.	In time he might get foothold in the monthly reviews, and see his name side by side with those of the leaders of thought.	'Right!	'Yes, I met him.'	There's a chance of an analyst's place in Lancashire; but I may give the preference to an opening I have heard of in Belgium.	His conscious self had had no part in all this comedy; now for the first time was he taking count of the character he had played.	It appears he used to know the Warricombes, when they lived at Kingsmill, and he had been to see them before visiting us; it was there your name was mentioned to him.'	She has a sceptical mind, and she doesn't know me well enough to understand me.'	Cowards even to themselves, perhaps.	Peak had no difficulty in associating with him on amicable terms.	His pride fed upon the outrage and became fierce.	'And of the most disagreeable kind.'	It was seldom that she thought of him save when compelled to do so by his exacting presence, but in the meantime he exercised no small influence on her mental life.	Secure in the decency of his apparel, and no longer oppressed by bashfulness, he would have gone joyously forward but for the dread of a possible ridiculous association which his name might revive in the thoughts of Mr. and Mrs. Warricombe.	I don't like to seem boastful, but I _have_ lived purely and devotedly.	'It seems to me, Malkin,' he resumed, gravely, 'that it is you who are deficient in right feeling.	Never had she heard of such a monstrous case-- Godwin spent much time in quiet examination of the cabinets bequeathed to him by Mr. Gunnery.	'I'm not sure.	'I admit it,' he replied.	'What have _you_ been told?'	I had to come down--on business.	Indeed, he seemed to himself presumptuous.	You find it hard to imagine that I have any pride, no doubt; but it is there, explain it how one may.'	Do you suppose _I_ could sing nigger songs, and run about the town with shopboys, and waste hours over idiotic puzzles?'	His Deluge, bah!'	'I have decided not to go in at all.'	The scoundrelly project was conceived perhaps the very day that I brought him here--perhaps in that moment--at lunch, do you remember?--when he began to talk of the sermon at the Cathedral?'	How fine must be their enunciation!	Peak inquired.	'Forgive me if I ask you a blunt question,' said Peak, after hesitating.	'Was anything said about Bella?'	Proofs have gone to Dolby.	His low origin, the ridiculous stories connected with his youth--why had she, in spite of likelihood, been able to disregard these things?	Under stress of shame and intellectual self-criticism (for he could not help confuting every position as he stated it) his mind often wandered.	Christian Moxey had come up as a topic, and Earwaker was saying that he found it difficult to divine the man's personality.	'Do you mean to say that you knew anything about that?'	He met him in the street--or thinks he did.	Some time ago a lady called here to ask for your address.	He knew that Marcella's nature was of large mould, and that whether she acted for good or evil its promptings would be anything but commonplace.	Sylvia removed her hat, and began to fan herself gently with the brim.	Sidwell had in fact sought information, but, as her relations with the Walworths were formal, such inquiry as she could make from them elicited nothing more than she already knew from Sylvia.	We have come for a day or two.'	He must resume his purpose of seeking some distant country, where new conditions of life would allow him to try his fortune at least as an honest adventurer.	Let us have done with polemics and with compromises!	Peak is no swindler.	Though it was so long since he left Whitelaw, the accent of certain of the Professors still remained with him as an example: when endeavouring to be graceful, he was wont to hear the voice of Dr Nares, or of Professor Barber who lectured on English Literature.	They never understand themselves, and scarcely ever make an effort to understand any one else.	Then sounded a knock at the door, but it was not such as would have heralded the expected man.	'A pretty child.'	His uncle, undoubtedly still living, must by this time have forgotten the old resentment, perhaps would be glad to see him.	Her desire to talk with him at times became so like passion that she appeared to herself to love him more truly than ever.	Malkin broke into fretfulness.	There went small tact to the wording of this admonition.	Never had he felt more willing to answer the question with a negative.	'What is this thing?'	Sidwell had a piece of grave counsel ready to offer him, but he was clearly in no mood to listen, so she postponed it.	For half an hour he walked the Cathedral Close.	'One question.	Chilvers.'	exclaimed her brother, with satisfaction.	'Don't go yet,' she said at once.	Peak, in glancing over the pages, murmured with a smile: '_Pereant qui ante nos nostra dixerunt_!'	Let us talk!'	Marcella, with bitterness, knew herself far from comely enough to suggest perils.	What quality of his, personal, psychical, had such magnetic force?	Godwin's disappearance sank her in profound melancholy.	To convert a _mind_ is a subject for high rejoicing; to confute a _temper_ isn't worth the doing.'	she replied, with emotion.	Who ever took so much pleasure in doing kindnesses?	But in the meantime he was leaving aside the most powerful of all his motives, and one which demanded closest scrutiny.	'You could have said nothing that could please me more.	Someone ascended the stairs with rapid stride and creaking boots.	Tell me the story.'	'I am very sorry you should have to think of quitting the College; very sorry indeed.	She started, hastened from the room, fled into the library, and had time to seat herself before she heard the footsteps of a servant moving in answer to the summons.	Christian did not at once grasp its significance.	His mind grew busy with literary projects, many that he had long contemplated and some that were new.