"What will become of her!"	"I wish you to answer my question.	Slimy had promised that release should come before the morning, and would doubtless keep his word.	This direction may be imposed upon me; for all that, I understand why I pursue it."	'Let me go on.	"Thank goodness I happened to be by!	I woke about ten o'clock, and walked off into the town, seeking a poor part, where I thought it more likely I might find something to do.	In the natural order of events she would become the mistress of some rich man; might even, as at times happens, be rescued by marriage; in either case, their acquaintance must cease.	"No; I had asked my way to Litany Lane, and all at once found myself in the crowd."	I oughtn't to have left you this afternoon, but it was difficult to refuse, wasn't it?"	Every strong individuality is more or less the expression of its age.	Waymark sat down amid the collection of nondescript articles which always filled the room, and waited for the tenant to produce his rent.	He had walked to the window, and suddenly turned round with a kind of impatience.	An impulse of friendship had led to his conceiving the idea; together, perhaps, with the recollection of what Ida had said about her loneliness, and the questions she had asked about Mrs. Casti.	I shall fall into darker and darker depths of weakness and ruin, always conscious of what I am losing.	I was poor and desperate, life had no pleasures, the future seemed hopeless, yet I was overflowing with vehement desires, every nerve in me was a hunger which cried to be appeased.	She flung herself upon her knees and sought refuge in wild, wordless prayer.	Mr. Woodstock whistled a bar of an air, stepped from the room, and thence out into the streets.	CHAPTER XXXII A VISION OF SIN Maud Enderby's life at home became ever more solitary.	You she hates with a rabid hatred--God only knows why.	Two or three days went by without any alarming symptoms, but as he learnt that another case of small-pox had declared itself in the Lane, he postponed his personal activity there for the present, and remained a good deal at home.	"It was from the laundry, to say I could go to work as soon as I liked."	"What led you to do this?"	It won't take me more than an hour.	By the by, do you ever see Sally?"	"But do they know about all this at home?"	The lodger had told Mrs. Ogle of what had taken place in her absence on the Sunday afternoon, and Harriet had received notice that she must find another place at once.	He looked at Maud.	She rose, pushing the chair back behind her.	Presently a child was born in the parsonage, and for a little while the young mother's attention was satisfactorily engaged at home.	I want to see the ruins of Rome; I want to see the Tiber, the Clitumnus, the Aufidus, the Alban Hills, Lake Trasimenus,--a thousand places!	For a stipulated sum of thirteen pounds per quarter he taught daily from nine till five, with an interval of an hour and a half at dinner-time, when he walked home to Walcot Square for such meal as the state of his exchequer would allow.	I really didn't remember having done so; I'm very sorry.	Will it be acted?"	Whereas an outsider would, under the circumstances, have been justified in laying the utmost stress on this, Waymark had grown to accept it as a matter of course, and only occupied himself with Ida's absolute self-control, her perfect calmness in all situations, the ease with which she met his glance, the looseness of her hand in his, the indifference with which she heard him when he had spoken of his loneliness and frequent misery.	With scarcely an hour of depression she had worked on through those months of solitude, supported by the sense that every day brought an accession of the strength of purity, that the dark time was left one more stage behind, and that trust in herself was growing assured.	"And why not Ida Starr?"	An' it come to me all at once, with a flash like, that money was to be 'ad for the trouble o' takin' it--money an' 'appiness."	"But your husband, your home, your long, free days?"	Waymark waited with some curiosity for the interview on the morrow.	It is fearful to think of what I shall become as time goes on.	Ida asked.	But Mr. Woodstock had quite special reasons for wishing to see his agent before the following morning; he desired to assure himself once more that Waymark would not fail to be at the prison punctually.	"I only wish I could.	"Notuss, sir, notuss!	The only known product of the literary toil which had had such sad results was a very small English Grammar, of course used in the school, and always referred to by the doctor as "my little compendium."	Her first astonished questions having been met with silence by the honest but hard-grained woman who kept the laundry, Ida had not condescended to any further appeal.	"A teacher in a school.	Well, I happen to know a girl of about your wife's age, who, if she were willing, would be just the person you want.	I. S." The week went by, and Ida again appeared in court.	Then she added, with the coldness which she did not often use, but which, when she did, chilled and checked him--"I don't understand you."	The servant who opened was sending me away, when her mistress heard, and came to the door.	And all this he bore with a patience which few could have rivalled.	Oh, how I enjoy the noise and the crowds!	"Semi-descriptive, semi-reflective, wholly cynical Maybe it will pay for my summer holiday.	No doubt it is every husband's duty to provide his wife with society.	"I suppose you'll go out at nights with him?"	"Do you come from the country?"	She did not show the spirit of holiday, seemed weary from time to time, was too often preoccupied and indisposed to talk.	O'Gree, unable to speak for mirth, nodded his head, and presently Sally returned, followed by--Mr. Egger.	"It is so long ago; and I want to forget it."	The former he pressed to his lips, then tore open eagerly; it was the promised intimation that Ida would be at home after eight o'clock on Wednesday and Friday evenings, nothing more.	There was a slight pause, and then the examination continued.	Wait till he has given his order, and then we will go."	"Oh, then you haven't come about them.	"No,--not all the evening."	"You're not such a fool as to leave them alone together?"	It was the day on which he gave a drawing-lesson to Dr. Tootle's two eldest children.	Waymark had said very little at the time, and there had been no conversation on the matter between them since.	In a day or two he received a reply.	"I must have looked a terrible little savage on that next morning," Ida went on, smiling sadly.	Ogle."	Ida sighed to herself.	You should have been leisurely, as we were."	"I will," she cried out, starting up, "I will this very night!	All manner of projects occupied him.	To both parents, the fact of Maud's friendship was a quite sufficient guarantee, so possessed were they with a conviction of the trustworthiness of her judgment, and the moral value of her impulses.	He stood for some moments by the table, turning over the leaves of a book.	He would teach them that herein lay their supreme blessing, not their curse; that in their poverty and nakedness lay means of grace and salvation such as the rich can scarcely by any means attain to; that they should proudly, devoutly, accept their heritage of woe, and daily thank God for depriving them of all that can make life dear.	You don't expect me to keep you, I s'pose.	It was said that ladies from London had come and fetched her away, and she was no more heard of in that little town.	I had fortunately learnt a great deal with the old lady in Tottenham, or I couldn't have satisfied them for a day.	The figure held his gaze.