'It's nothing.'	I'm so sorry I quarrelled with mother before you.	'I hope I may use it for her good.'	And I'm not going to think of those people.	I suppose you never were bothered with them.	'But can't you see, Mrs. Mumford, that it's for your _own_ good as well as ours?	The best place for you.'	CHAPTER II 'Runnymede' (so the Mumfords' house was named) stood on its own little plot of ground in one of the tree-shadowed roads which persuade the inhabitants of Sutton that they live in the country.	'Oh!	Yes--"You have neither heart nor brains, and I shall do my best not to waste another thought on you?"	I've known him for about a year and a half.	I wouldn't stay another night in the house, if I had to sleep on the Downs!'	I can't endure such behaviour, and I wonder what Mrs. Rumford thinks of it.	I thought if I came later, after dinner.	Bowling are _half_ engaged?'	Mumford closed the door of the room, shutting out Cobb and the cook and the housemaid.	'Call him names, you mean?'	'Oh, there's no knowing what I might do to spite Cissy.	It's too bad of you, mother--' 'The idea, Louise, of coming down like that!'	'I never knew a man who behaved like you do.	She dreaded her husband's return home.	'When can you have me, Mrs.	After saying good-night, she called to Emmeline from her bedroom door.	Things are all upside down, and I've never seen dada"--that's Mr. Higgins, of course--"I've never seen dada in such a bad temper, not since first I knew him.	Louise, in the meantime, kept quiet as a mouse--so strangely quiet, indeed, that Emmeline's prophetic soul dreaded some impending disturbance, worse than any they had yet suffered.	Emmeline hesitated, but could not dismiss him without shaking hands.	Mrs. Mumford came into the room once a day and sat for a few minutes, neither of them desiring longer communion, but they managed to exchange inquiries and remarks with a show of friendliness.	She admitted a feeling of restlessness, but after to-day she would overcome it.	He said--let me see, what was it?	Emmeline, wishing to lock up for the night, went to summon her troublesome guest.	Perhaps you haven't quite made up your mind, after all.'	Beset by anxious anticipations, she entered the room, and saw before her a figure not wholly unlike what she had imagined: a wiry, resolute-looking man, with knitted brows, lips close-set, and heavy feet firmly planted on the carpet.	asked Emmeline.	Just tell me what you have done.'	'I didn't like her--a supercilious sort of person.	But, of course, he _may_ be, without you knowing it.	The sight of holiday-making school-children, who, in their ribboned hats and white pinafores, were having tea not far away, suggested to Louise that she also would like such refreshment.	There's been a fire, but we've got it out.'	'Very nice indeed,' murmured the married lady, with a good-natured smile.	Mother hates his very name, and does her best to set me against him; but I just let her talk.	"_What_ will happen?"	Small wonder, he said, that the girl wished to enter a new social sphere.	The natural impulse of Emmeline's disposition was to reply with hospitable kindliness; she found it very difficult to maintain her purpose; it shamed her to behave like the ordinary landlady, to appear actuated by mean motives.	The young man felt very uncomfortable.	'What's the reason?'	Her next sheet of paper was devoted to Mr.	it looked as if she might have asked much more.	'Oh!	It's all nonsense, you'll see.'	To withdraw in silence would be like a shamed confession of the charge brought against her, and she suffered not a little from her consciousness of the modicum of truth therein.	'I hope you'll excuse me; I don't wish to make myself offensive.	Then the man coughed, and said bluntly that he was glad Louise had come.	The call lasted only for ten minutes, and Emmeline felt that her companion was disappointed.	The girl had waylaid him, begged him to intercede for her with his wife.	Here, indeed, she breathed the air of the hills, but villas on either hand obstructed the view, and brought London much nearer than the measured distance.	To the bribe with which the letter ended they could give no serious thought.	'Oh, how pleasant it is,' she explained bitterly to her husband, 'to think that everybody in the road is talking about us with contempt!	I doubt if it's possible to change her very much.	'Tell her I wish to speak to her at once.'	Silent, and wondering in gloomy resignation what new annoyance was prepared for her, Emmeline sat with eyes averted, whilst the stout woman mopped her face and talked disconnectedly of the hardships of travelling in such weather as this; when at length she reached her point, Mrs. Higgins became lucid and emphatic.	When I met her last she talked a good deal about you, Mrs. Mumford, and that's why I thought I would ask to see you.	'Of course.	Emmeline did not soften towards her, but the frank speech, the rather pathetic little smile, in decency demanded a suave response.	Perhaps you have heard of me from Miss Derrick?'	Bowling and Miss Higgins; she might, or might not, have felt genuinely reluctant to take advantage of her half-sister's defeat.	'I haven't seen him since I left home.'	'Just a cup of coffee, please.	And with no less apprehension he decided at length to keep the secret, which might so easily become known hereafter, and would then have such disagreeable consequences.	"All over?"	She seemed to hint--though she didn't exactly say so--that you were advising her to have nothing more to do with me.	'Oh, nonsense!	'Tears streamed down her face; she lay back, overcome with misery.	If so, their troubles were only beginning.	Thereupon Mrs. Mumford's wrath turned against Cobb.	Emmeline observed the eagerness with which this epistle was pounced upon and carried off for private perusal.	Emmeline, frenzied by the certainty that her own house was on fire, began to cry aloud for her child, and Mumford rushed like a madman through the garden.	'It won't rain much, and I've brought my umbrella, and I've nothing on that will take any harm.'	I shall go home at first my stepfather has written a kind letter, and of course he's glad to know I shall marry Mr. Cobb.	Cobb paid no attention, and all but reached the door.	He came down on his bicycle, and would return in the same way.	She understood what was coming; it appeared in Emmeline's face.	'Are you acting wisely?	Mumford broke into a laugh.