she gasped.	The great engine, like a huge living monster that had seen with its single eye the abyss of the broken bridge in time, had leaped the chasm and gone plunging and faring over the ties and rails a half mile beyond the wreck, with the engineer and fireman clinging to it.	You proclaimed freedom in comradeship.	"Yes, I understand, and I'm not fainting with alarm.	What did they care?	mysterious beauty.	"Have you seen Kate?"	Changes in the forms of marriage must come that shall give scope for our highest development.	Van Meter and his men blinked in amazement at the sight of the preacher and his wife quietly walking toward them.	"Why not?	They come each year in hundreds, thousands and tens of thousands, crowding the crowded trades, crowding closer the crowded dens in which human beings whelp and stable as beasts.	She walked as in a dream, and there was a strange look in her eye.	I have had enough of Mark Overman in this house."	Some of us may wish to go before you're done."	"Madam, if your process can only be applied to the city government of New York you will deserve a monument higher than the Statue of Liberty.	As he passed the City Hall his eye rested on the towering castles of the metropolitan newspapers.	In the dark, we will settle on the price.	He had prepared a most powerful sermon on the text, "The common people heard Him gladly."	"I warn you," he said, his voice sinking lower and lower into a mere growl.	She moved closer to him and held up her delicate hands, with the sunlight gleaming through the red blood of her tapering fingers.	"For all of your loud talk of freedom, I believe you still love that first wife of yours!	It was evident his action and speech had produced a moral earthquake in the church.	"And that's why I think you're a little crazy.	The boy's hands tenderly framed his father's crimson cheeks, he kissed him, and again and again his arms clung in passionate clasp about his neck.	The whole thing will rot."	"In the State, of course."	"To a building that collapsed yesterday and killed thirty working people.	"No; I'm sorry I humiliated myself by spying on you."	She suddenly found herself outside the pale of polite society.	His wife would not return for supper and he consented.	His heart went out to them in a great yearning pity as he recalled his own enchanted childhood.	"Well, how many halves are there to you?	The soft round notes from her delicate throat seemed full of magic and held him in a spell.	She had been isolated from humanity.	You, who boldly say to the world that I am your free comrade, the mate and equal of man?"	Yet at the thought of this new woman he felt his heart beat with quicker stroke.	And I must be worthy.	This is the supreme sacrament of human experience.	He leadeth me--I rest in Him."	They sent Alva into the Netherlands to sweep it with fire.	The old man glanced uneasily about and said: "Son, isn't this car going down the avenue?"	"Thank you.	You are trying to abolish this system, as old as our life, and allow a mob of strangers to push and crowd our old members out of their pews."	I will wait, but I will win you.	We might as well understand one another at once.	You cannot humiliate me so.	Has he not a soul?	Her voice broke and she bit her lips to keep back the tears.	"Ah, my boy, these things you call illusions I call the great faiths of our fathers, the revelation of God.	He paused a moment, quivering with passion.	she asked, dropping her eyes.	I am free.	But the Christianity of Christ is one thing and modern Christianity another thing.	The perfect grace and rhythm of movement could be seen even through the heavy seal cloak, whose sheen changed with each touch of her figure.	"I haven't wasted so much breath in a long time.	American Democracy is but a hundred years old, yet not one crowned head is left on the western hemisphere.	"You will return at seven o'clock," she said, in even tones.	Shadowy and far away seemed the Spirit world from those hurrying, rushing, cursing, struggling men.	"Well, to begin with, you don't preach the simple gospel."	He had married late in life, and Frank's mother had died in giving him birth.	Gordon waited patiently at the store a half hour and succeeded in reaching the Manager.	"Yes.	It had been the most momentous day of his life.	Yet he was a regular attendant.	I saw Ruth in the Temple the first Sunday you spoke, hanging on your words as the voice of the Lord."	And the twilight deepened into night while they held each other's hands and smiled into each other's faces.	They beamed now with the steady light of a deep spiritual tenderness.	It must end.	And yet she felt a singular dependence on him, and a tender gratitude for the protection he had given her life.	She kissed him, and laid her brown curls on his breast.	The air was warm with the sensuous languor of spring.	Yes, and I'll lift my head up and be a man."	We must not forget that the flowers will be richer, wilder, more beautiful, and life capable of higher things."	The violet eyes turned pitifully on Ruth, staring wide with the set agony of speechless fear and searched her face for the verdict of life.	"The weight of scholarship sustains the theory."	He bowed gracefully.	He held the crowd spellbound.	"Frank, I'm a godless, crusty bachelor, but I read history.	I am not a liar; I will tell you the truth."	"You wish me to be perfectly frank?"	because he's gone?"	When the beautifully modulated voice first filled the room, Ruth felt with quick sympathy, beneath the tremor of his tones, the storm of suppressed feeling.	They were simply to stand by each other's side before their friends, greet them with the announcement of their love and unity of life, and receive their congratulations.