“We must have Ella come back to fix the table.” “Sure.	Her lips trembled, and her watery blue eyes blinked.	What a pitiful, lonely life, a boy's without even the memory of a mother or father!	We'll build our marble palace down at Bay Ridge and our yacht will nod in the harbor.	"But you did make a successful invention?"	She had stubbornly resisted every suggestion to see her husband or allow him to see the child.	“Sure, Mike!” “Fill her up to the chin by the time we get back.” “Righto!” Quickly they walked to the hotel and in five minutes were seated beside a window in the dining-room, watching the lazy roll of the sea sweep in on the sands at low tide.	Tell her quick!"	To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit http://pglaf.org While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.	He fixed his slumbering eyes on his wife for a moment, saw the frightened look, walked quickly back to the table and took his seat.	"I was afraid to wear this in New York," she said demurely.	You're just a boy yet.	"Now for Long Beach and a good lunch!"	I can't help it, you know----" He turned to his wife and spoke with jolly good humor.	How could Jane be such a fool as to call him ugly!	"Yes----" "Why didn't you tell me?	The straight, narrow hall inside was dark.	"We'll need it tomorrow.	So much the better.	"Oh, Jim, Jim, man," she whispered hoarsely.	He took it good-naturedly at first and then ignored her suggestions as if she were a kitten complaining at his feet.	The physical processes are simple and automatic.	CHAPTER XIV.	No matter; it was Christmas morning.	NANCE'S STOREHOUSE The cabin was still.	He placed it on the floor, and, in spite of careful handling, the ring of metal inside could be distinctly heard.	The broken spirit had yielded to the stupor of exhaustion at last.	I'll be back here for you in an hour.	She was sure that he had been fully awake twice before and pretended to be asleep from sheer laziness and indifference.	“I'm only too glad to be of service to you.” Her answer emboldened him to ask another question.	I've never heard a toast for honeymooners in my life.	The iron walls of a life prison closed about her crushed soul.	Not much.	“Why, it's like a big lightnin' bug, ain't it?” She turned the end of it up to examine more closely, pushed the button unconsciously, and the light flashed in her eyes.	They explored their domain from end to end within an hour.	The thought was too absurd!	His auto lights were turned the other way and threw their concentrated rays far down into the deep woods.	How great her fall!	He made no answer.	We'll stay one night.	"No.	I ain't ready for a harp just yet.	She wore no stockings.	Did you hear me sing it back at him?"	If he would only kill her outright it was all the mercy she would ask.	The strength of jaw and neck and shoulders had made him the most daring of all thieves--a burglar.	She must make the most of it.	She couldn't see who it was in the dark.” “No; I reckon not,” Jim laughed.	"A big white sparkler?"	Who told you that?"	"Well?"	In spite of his deference and his obedience to her whim, she felt the iron grip of his personality on her imagination.	“I reckon that's so, too.	"For be ye well assured," the preacher continued, "that if any persons are joined together otherwise than as God's Word doth allow, their marriage is not lawful."	CHAPTER X.	she cried.	Look!” He would lift his heavy eyelids, grunt good-naturedly and doze again.	Some hidden force within had impelled her.	This is peculiarly true of your type of woman--the dainty, clinging girl of religious enthusiasm.	"I understand.	You come back here, John.	The thin, fleecy clouds that hung over the low range of the eastern foreground were all aglow now, with every tint of the rainbow, while the sun's bed beyond the hills was flaming in scarlet and gold.	I had to locate the shop there to get the room I needed for the rent I could pay.	No----" Jim thrust the torch into her hand and forced her to hold it.	I'm going to dinner with him--just to study the animal at dose range.” With a jolly laugh and quick, firm step she was gone.	There's never been anybody else--and there never will be.	His quick eye took in its significance at a glance.	The car was standing in front of her door.	He grinned in obstinate, good-natured silence and let her do the worrying.	"Doctor?"	"Well, I'm going to make good."	You won't need a picture in your room----" "A picture could determine the features of an unborn babe?"	I'll be back in a few minutes."	“He has told me about it.” She hesitated and struggled for a moment, quickly walked back to the bag and touched the spring.	The stricken sleeper gasped for breath, his writhing body fairly leaped into the air, bounded on the couch and stood erect.	They stood for a moment hand in hand and looked over the sunlit valley of the Swannanoa shimmering in peace and beauty between its sheltering walls of blue mountains.	he growled.	You refuse.	It's my boy.	"I love him, Jane--I love him!	"For them kind words--thanks!"	"I feel better----" Jim laughed.	He bent close, his breath on her lips.