He stood silent, watching her, furtive-eyed, crouching.	"It is no affair of mine!"	His shaggy brows were contracted; somber, baleful flashes, that betrayed something of those passions that he was subduing, showed in his eyes as the pony skirted the timber where Randerson had tied Ruth's horse.	But it had become known that Kelso had been a mere tool in the hands of an unscrupulous plotter, and until the plotter had been sent on the way that Kelso had gone there could be no end.	"That is strange," she said, looking ahead again.	Nor did it surprise Ruth to hear Chavis talking of stealing the Flying W stock.	Why did he not show himself?	And Uncle Jepson!	He looked at Ruth, saw her start and draw a long breath, and he grinned triumphantly.	"Why, I reckon--" he began.	Masten came in an hour later.	"He came in shortly after dark," Aunt Martha told her.	For an instant there was no movement in the vast realm of space except the terrific thunder of Patches' hoofs as they spurned the hard alkali level over which he was running; the squeaking protests of the saddle leather, and Randerson's low voice as he coaxed the pony to greater speed.	I ain't passin' around no more warnin's, an' you two is talkin' mighty sudden or the mourners will be yowlin'.	As he watched, he saw Catherson again.	"Fainted!"	She had gone to see Chavis' shack, and Chavis-- One mile, two, three, four; Patches covered them in a mad riot of recklessness.	Randerson paid no attention to him.	There were fourteen other men employed by the Flying W. Ruth met them at various times.	The low-down, mean, sneakin'--" said Randerson.	she went on in tones of horror.	She turned in the saddle and looked full at him.	Long ago had he lost all sense of direction, for twilight had come and gone, and blank darkness, except for the stars, stretched on all sides.	They acted like boys--more mischievous than boys in their most frolicsome moods.	"Randerson is too fresh."	"You're goin' to pay."	He started, stiffened, and then stared, at her, his face slowly whitening.	Fifteen miles!	She made no sound now, as she went toward the house, her face ashen, her breath coming in great gasps.	"I'm unarmed!"	Leaving the stall she went to Pickett's side and took from his hand a paper that he held out to her.	Blair, especially, had taken a fancy to him, and therefore it was not many days after the shooting of Kelso that Uncle Jepson got the story, with all its gruesome details, from his lips.	He felt a dull, heavy pain in his right wrist, and he raised it--it seemed to have been crushed.	The girl's eyes flashed vindictively.	Masten felt himself lifted; he did not resist.	He cast a glance around him.	They saw the crooked smile fade from his lips; they curved with cold, amused contempt.	He spoke a few words to Uncle Jepson, but ignored Randerson.	she demanded.	she said gulpingly.	'Cause why?	Trembling from a sudden weakness, but driven by the urge of stern necessity, she advanced cautiously to the edge of the cut again and looked over.	She knew she did not like Randerson well enough to wish to see him merely on that account--that was ridiculous, in spite of the vivid recollection of him that still lingered with her, for she had met him only once, and she assured herself that she was too practical-minded to fall in love with anyone at first sight.	"Neighbor!"	"I reckon you've said enough, ma'am," he told her quietly, though his voice was a trifle hoarse.	He's got to fall down, somewhere.	Again the pony stiffened, and again the steer went down with a thud.	Looking back, when he reached the house, he saw that Masten was still standing beside his horse.	Memory drew a vivid picture for him.	She saw Randerson stop, observed that Uncle Jepson seemed to say something to him.	They raced on, the distance between them lessening gradually.	Patches was determined to risk it, but suddenly he was pulled in and forced to face the other way.	She was much impressed with his earnestness, and she looked quickly at him, nearly convinced.	"Nobody's fooled me," she added with a nervous laugh.	He went in and took the rifle from its pegs.	He was straining his mental faculties in an effort to remember a man of his acquaintance who possessed a lower lip like that of the man opposite him, eyes with the same expression in them, and a nose that was similar.	He started again for Patches, but halted and looked back at her.	"She oughtn't to do that!"	What had Randerson given him money for, many times?	"An' he wanted to, mighty bad."	The girl reddened, but met Ruth's eyes determinedly.	"You'd have your own opinion.	Unless human nature is an odd idea, an' I reckon it's about the oldest thing in the world, next to love an' hate."	Masten obeyed silently, his knees shaking under him.	But her horror gradually abated, and at the end of a week she was able to look at Randerson without shuddering.	She had been there for about five minutes, her thoughts placid, considering the excitement of the day, when at a stroke a change came over her.	he asked me.	And then she spoke to him with bitter sarcasm: "Perhaps if you _tried_ to do something, instead of standing there, telling me something that happened _ages_ ago, I wouldn't have to sit here and endure this awful m-m-misery!"	"You ain't tellin' _her_!"	She could see him standing and looking at her, his ears erect, before the darkness blotted him from view altogether.	And on both occasions Catherson had muttered thickly: "I wish I knowed, for sure.	Ah, he knew now!	And then while Randerson considerately withdrew under pretense of looking at Patches, the stocking was put on again.	Vickers grinned silent applause.	She had just taken leave of Ruth who, at the instant Randerson stepped on the porch, was standing inside the doorway, watching her.	he said fretfully, "what on earth _can_ I do?	There would be time enough to decide that question if any rustlers were caught.	"So that is where the picture went!"	He did care, after all, enough to part with his companions--for her sake.	"You've made one break, an' you're gettin' out of it because my boss ain't dead stuck on attendin' funerals.	"The black-hearted hound!"	When I count three you draw your gun.	"Hell!"