He's just left me, an' any man which could talk like he talked to me ain't--I reckon not," he said, shaking his head with a vigorous, negative motion; "you're a heap mistaken--you ain't got him right at all."	Directly opposite the butte rose a short slope, forming the other bank of the river.	"Shucks, ma'am," he apologized, "I didn't know you were there."	"Thanks, Pete," he said quietly.	Wanton murder, I call it.	"Caught in the act of stealing.	He continued to approach the bar and Blacky, having a leisure moment, came forward and stood ready to serve him.	I am going to him--to stay with him until the doctor arrives.	CHAPTER V DAKOTA EVENS A SCORE With the thermometer at one hundred and five it was not to be expected that there would be much movement in Lazette.	"Well, for one thing, there's a certain fascination about a place where one has been close to cashing in--I expect that when we've been in such a place we like to come back and look at it just to see how near we came to going over the divide.	She looked at him now, unbelief in her eyes.	She placed the pail down and watched him.	"Why, I reckon you're a kind of handy man to have around--sort of ladies' man--running errands and such."	he questioned hoarsely.	For there were jealous people everywhere; envy stalks rampant through the world; failure cavils at mediocrity, mediocrity sneers at genius.	"Well," he said presently, "I've done what I could.	He had not been interested in her for a long time, had not appeared to care where she spent her time.	There had been mystery in his actions ever since she had seen him the first time, and though she could not yet understand it, she had discovered that there were forces at work in his affairs which seemed to indicate that he had not told her that for the purpose of attempting to justify his previous actions.	He flashed a smile at her, showing his teeth.	You killed that man, Blanca, over in Lazette, for nothing.	"Who was it?"	When she had reached the crest of a long rise after her departure from the cabin she had halted her pony to look back, hoping that it all might have been a dream.	"Ride far?"	She did not experience the slightest concern over him--it was as though she were talking to a stranger.	He bought his brand--the Star--from another nester--Texas Blanca."	Sheila laughed.	"I'm pure as the driven snow," drawled Dakota.	But it don't make any difference; they wouldn't have had to have a license at all in this Territory.	Well, there's always a first time for everything, and I reckon--according to what I've heard--that you ain't been exactly no Sunday school scholar yourself."	"If you have quite finished I believe I will be going," she said, holding her chin high and averting her face.	There are dangers that you know nothing about, and you don't know a thing about the country.	Two things were now fixed in her mind as certainties.	he questioned.	Then his arms went around her, and she leaned against him, her head against his shoulder, while she wept softly.	Faint they became, and their rhythmic beat faster, until they died away entirely.	Langford looked quickly at Dakota, for now the latter was again busy with his saddle, but he could detect no sarcasm in his face, though plainly there had been a subtle quality of it in his voice.	You've already got Doubler, or think you have, and now it's my turn.	But you are here, and you can help me.	"These rust spots on the blade are from his father's blood.	His health has been failing for about ten years."	He told Sheila to let the bandaging go until later, but she refused.	But recovering, she went to him, seizing his shoulders and forcing him back into the bunk.	"There'll be the devil to pay if any of them deputies try to rush Dakota's shack.	She started toward the corral gates, intending to call to him to return, but thought better of the impulse and hailed him tauntingly instead: "Please tell him to accept my thanks," she said, and Duncan turned his head, bowed mockingly, and continued on his way.	"Does it make any difference now?	But you won't!	"I didn't waken you," he mocked.	And there on the bank before her, uncoiling his rope from the saddle horn and looking very white and grim, was Dakota!	"You see," he mocked, "how odd it is?	Only one thing puzzled him.	"I asked him to name his own figure, and he wouldn't sell--wouldn't even consider selling, though I offered him what I considered a fair price."	Sheila's defense of Dakota seemed to indicate that a certain intimacy existed between them.	"I like this country," he said, leaning back in his chair and drawing a deep breath.	I don't know when I ever heard a man talk any meaner than he did.	He saw Langford depart, remained after his departure to see Dakota repeatedly read the signed agreement.	You moped and went off to bed without saying good-night."	*       *       *       *       * An hour later, standing side by side in the open doorway of the cabin, Sheila and Dakota watched in silence while Langford, having signed a confession dictated by Dakota, mounted his pony and rode slowly up the river trail toward Lazette.	She decided that it was a much better crossing than the one she had encountered on the trip out.	"And sentiment has got no place in business.	"If I told my father--" she began, but hesitated when she saw his lips suddenly straighten and harden and his eyes light with a deep contempt.	It was three miles down the slope, and when she reached the level there was Dakota's cabin before her.	He lived in Albany before he went West.	"No one is taking any chances with Dakota--not even the sheriff.	So I am keeping quiet until--until the time comes.	"I am talking to one," she said, her eyes blazing with impotent anger.	He had waited patiently until the morning following his conversation with Langford about Dakota, certain that the Double R owner would speak, but when after breakfast the next morning Langford had ridden away without breaking his silence, the manager had gone into the ranchhouse, secured his field glasses, mounted his pony, and followed.	remarked the parson, after he had concluded.	One of them is Doubler--Ben Doubler--who hangs out near Two Forks, and the other is a fellow who calls himself Dakota, who's got a shack about twenty miles down the Ute, a little off the Lazette trail."	There was a sneer in Duncan's laugh.	However, he was able to judge from the actions of the two that their relations were decidedly friendly, and this discovery immediately raised a doubt in his mind as to the correctness of his deductions.	I do that myself, often, after I've cleaned mine, just to make sure it's right."	Apparently he did not see her, for, swerving suddenly, he made for the crossing without slackening speed.	"You and me ain't been what you might call friendly for a long time," offered Duncan when he had halted a few feet from Doubler.	But neither would he take the initiative.	Again his bitter laugh reached her ears.	"Don't pay to take no chances--on anything," he agreed.	But"--he added as he saw Dakota's lips harden--"I don't purpose to proceed against you in the manner I am dealing with Doubler.	For a tense instant she looked at him, and seeing the hard, inexorable glitter in his eyes she cringed away from him and sank to the edge of the bunk, covering her face with her hands.	Then, of course, you're the new owner of the Double R." Langford looked again at the inscrutable face of the man beside him and felt a sudden deep respect for him.	Why don't you act decent and come out like a man?"	Several times while he sat before the fire Dakota spoke to him, and finally he pulled his chair over near the wall opposite the bunk on which Sheila sat, tilted it back, and dropped into it, stretching out comfortably.	There was a smile on Dakota's face, too; a mysterious, cold, prepared grin that fascinated Sheila as she watched him.	Sheila was on her feet, trembling, her face white with fear and dread.