CHAPTER IV A "DIFFERENT GIRL" Ferguson had no means of knowing how long he was unconscious, but when he awoke the sun had gone down and the darkening shadows had stolen into the clearing near the cabin.	He gravely considered her, drawing one foot up on the rock and clasping his hands about the knee.	I ain't worrying none about why you didn't do it.	"When a man sees a different girl, he don't have to guess none."	They looked after him, saying nothing, but aware that his quest for Leviatt was not without significance.	She had covered her face with her hands and was swaying dizzily.	"You didn't show it much," he observed.	He related to Stafford the attack by the rattler.	But of this she was not quite sure, for when she bluntly questioned him concerning his moods he had invariably given her an evasive reply.	"Well, now," said Ferguson.	"Takin' your talk, you an' Stafford ain't very good friends," he returned.	But the distance was too great for him and he finally gave it up and fell to looking at her instead, though determined to solve the wordy mystery that was massed near her.	he questioned.	"If you feel worse during the night," she directed, "you must take a spoonful from that bottle.	"Findin' the man that's been rustlin' your stock, for instance," mocked Leviatt.	He regarded her with pleased eyes.	She laughed lightly, amused over the sudden change that she saw and felt in him.	Ferguson's voice was sharp and tense, and, in spite of herself, Miss Radford's gaze shifted again to the plains below her.	"An' I'm wantin' to know that.	It was for this purpose that she had now come.	But they knew nothing of Leviatt beyond the fact that he and Tucson had not accompanied the wagon to the home ranch.	One rather gets the impression that the stoop is a reflection of the man's nature, which seems vindictive and suggests a low cunning.	But in the absence of proof there was nothing to be done.	He was not over a hundred feet from the man who had caught the rustler and he was walking his horse now.	"You see, ma'am, that damned rattler got Ferguson.	She came to the door presently, shading her eyes to look out into the darkness.	"I reckon I stayed there.	Then he reached out and took the pouch.	He was not disconcerted.	When he had done this he lighted it and puffed slowly.	"A while back I did shoot at a can in Dry Bottom."	Romances?	Looks like they trapped him; run him down there on purpose."	I reckon it's your'n.	He laughed.	"Real and original," she returned, with a quick glance at him.	"Oh, dear!"	He sheathed his gun and deliberately turned his back on Leviatt.	For a time they stood silent, watching the departing rider.	He stood erect, looking about him.	He knew instantly that she referred to his precipitate retreat on the night she had hinted that she intended putting him into her story.	"Anything to oblige a friend," he said, mockingly.	"He ain't saying much to anyone.	When I left Ben last night I shook hands with him, after fixin' up the difference we'd had.	Their jokes (of an ancient vintage) had taken well with the audience, for the latter had laughed.	His arms were still crossed, but as he talked he had turned a very little and now the muzzle of the weapon was at a level--trained fairly upon Radford's breast.	"I reckon you're wantin' a job mighty bad," he said.	Of course, if you wish to disregard my advice you may do so."	"Those things generally have their origin in the mind of the writer," she replied.	"That's the reason I ain't scared a heap," he said.	"The author of a novel makes his characters think and act as the author himself imagines he would act in the same circumstances."	Ferguson's lips curled slightly under it.	"Ben," said the girl, answering the young man's glance, "this man was bitten by a rattler.	But I reckon you've done what you wanted to do, an' so I'll be gettin' along."	Would it help his case to deny that he had thought of fooling her, that he never had any intention of shooting Ben?	His expression had grown grimmer, but he smiled--a little sadly, she thought.	He shot a significant glance at Radford, who returned it steadily.	She sneered, pinning him with a scornful, withering glance.	"I ought to have known.	That other guy is comin' around the corner of that break, an' if he's the rustler's friend that man with the gun will get his pretty rapid."	"Me an' him's of the same mind about one thing," returned Rope.	"Of course."	The three took places at the table, and Ferguson was helped to a frugal, though wholesome meal.	It was the face of Leviatt; and there was mockery in this face also.	She had always taken a pardonable pride in her penmanship.	And now Leviatt's voice rose again, insolent, carrying an unmistakable personal application.	It was plain to her that he thought Ferguson had told her about the shooting match, and it was equally plain that he still harbored evil thoughts against the stray-man.	Ben's bantering words only added fuel to the flame of rage and disappointment that was burning fiercely in his heart.	He heard a movement presently, and she was at the door looking at him, her hands folded in her apron, her eyes wide with unmistakable pleasure.	His eyes narrowed cunningly.	The spot on the back of the head, she found, was a mere abrasion, as he had said.	There was no sign on the range boss's face that he had been hurt by the news.	"You're still thinkin' of puttin' me into the book?"	Now if it should turn out that you were the man who did the shooting in Dry Bottom my story up to this point would be very nearly real.	Then came Ferguson's voice again, dry, filled with a quiet earnestness: "I ain't goin' to hurt you--you're still tenderfoot with a gun.	"Them rustlers is gettin' to be pretty slick, ain't they?"	"Well, now," remarked Rope, rising and shouldering his saddle, "you've almost convinced me that a double cinch ain't a bad saddle.	If she had not been laboring under the excitement of the incident she might have seen that his surprise was genuine, but she was certain that it was mere craftiness--a craftiness that she had hitherto admired, but which now awakened a fierce anger in her heart.	She shuddered, and with some unaccountable impulse shrank back against the screen door, one hand upon it, ready to throw it open.	Yet it was a good thing to know, for Leviatt must have some reason for secrecy, and if anything developed later Ferguson would know exactly where the range boss stood in the matter.	If I ever see you around here again I won't wait for Ben to shoot you!"	"So you're quittin'," he sneered; "scared plum out because you seen a man put out of business!	CHAPTER XIII "DO YOU SMOKE?"