I know not why she should choose to make herself and her family uneasy by apprehending an event which no one but herself, I can affirm, would ever have thought possible.	I instantly saw that something was the matter; his complexion was raised, and he spoke with great emotion; you know his eager manner, my dear mother, when his mind is interested.	To disobey her mother by refusing an unexceptionable offer is not enough; her affections must also be given without her mother's approbation.	I shall trouble you meanwhile to prevent his forming any other attachment when he comes to town.	I would not, therefore, on my account, have you encumber one moment of your precious time by sending for her to Edward Street, especially as every visit is so much deducted from the grand affair of education, which I really wish to have attended to while she remains at Miss Summers's.	Every person of sense, however, will know how to value and commend her well-directed affection, and will join me in wishing that Frederica Vernon may prove more worthy than she has yet done of her mother's tender care.	Let me hear from you soon--very soon.	Yours ever, S. VERNON.	She is in high favour with her aunt altogether, because she is so little like myself, of course.	One point only is gained.	Sometimes he is sure she is deficient in understanding, and at others that her temper only is in fault.	Am I capable of consigning HER to everlasting misery whose welfare it is my first earthly duty to promote?	Her behaviour to Sir James certainly speaks the greatest consciousness and embarrassment, but I see nothing in it more like encouragement.	At any rate, I hope he will plague his wife more than ever.	XXVI MRS. JOHNSON TO LADY SUSAN Edward Street.	Her complexion is delicate, but neither so fair nor so blooming as Lady Susan's, and she has quite the Vernon cast of countenance, the oval face and mild dark eyes, and there is peculiar sweetness in her look when she speaks either to her uncle or me, for as we behave kindly to her we have of course engaged her gratitude.	Much good may such love do him!	My dear Catherine,--Unluckily I was confined to my room when your last letter came, by a cold which affected my eyes so much as to prevent my reading it myself, so I could not refuse your father when he offered to read it to me, by which means he became acquainted, to my great vexation, with all your fears about your brother.	My dear Mother,--You must not expect Reginald back again for some time.	He is less polished, less insinuating than Mainwaring, and is comparatively deficient in the power of saying those delightful things which put one in good humour with oneself and all the world.	XIV MR. DE COURCY TO SIR REGINALD Churchhill.	If you think your daughter at all attached to Reginald, her objecting to Sir James could not less deserve to be attended to than if the cause of her objecting had been a consciousness of his folly; and why should your ladyship, at any rate, quarrel with my brother for an interference which, you must know, it is not in his nature to refuse when urged in such a manner?"	In short, when a person is always to deceive, it is impossible to be consistent.	"What, then, was your intention when you insisted on her silence?"	Its effect on Reginald justifies some portion of vanity, for it was no less favourable than instantaneous.	Her feelings are tolerably acute, and she is so charmingly artless in their display as to afford the most reasonable hope of her being ridiculous, and despised by every man who sees her.	We have much to do, but it shall be done.	This eclaircissement is rather provoking.	I have seen Sir James; he came to town for a few days last week, and called several times in Edward Street.	By a removal for some months from each other we shall tranquillise the sisterly fears of Mrs. Vernon, who, accustomed herself to the enjoyment of riches, considers fortune as necessary everywhere, and whose sensibilities are not of a nature to comprehend ours.	Though totally without accomplishments, she is by no means so ignorant as one might expect to find her, being fond of books and spending the chief of her time in reading.	There is not a chance of her affection being returned.	Why, or whither she intended to go, does not appear; but, as her situation seems to have been unexceptionable, it is a sad thing, and of course highly distressing to Lady Susan.	If you remember, I left the room almost immediately.	I have received your letter, and though I do not attempt to conceal that I am gratified by your impatience for the hour of meeting, I yet feel myself under the necessity of delaying that hour beyond the time originally fixed.	You know how I have loved you; you can intimately judge of my present feelings, but I am not so weak as to find indulgence in describing them to a woman who will glory in having excited their anguish, but whose affection they have never been able to gain.	A girl of Frederica's age must be childish indeed, if such things do not strike her.	I talked to him about you and your daughter, and he is so far from having forgotten you, that I am sure he would marry either of you with pleasure.	Here I concluded, and I hope you will be satisfied with my speech.	Nay, I know not whether I ought to be quite tranquil now, for I have had more trouble in restoring peace than I ever intended to submit to--a spirit, too, resulting from a fancied sense of superior integrity, which is peculiarly insolent!	Yours, &c., CATHERINE VERNON VII LADY SUSAN VERNON TO MRS. JOHNSON Churchhill.	I found, therefore, that something must be done; for I did not choose to leave my character at the mercy of a man whose passions are so violent and so revengeful.	In his last letter he actually gave me some particulars of her behaviour at Langford, such as he received from a gentleman who knew her perfectly well, which, if true, must raise abhorrence against her, and which Reginald himself was entirely disposed to credit.	In spite of this release, Frederica still looks unhappy: still fearful, perhaps, of her mother's anger; and though dreading my brother's departure, jealous, it may be, of his staying.	I made no comments, however, for words would have been vain.	She is poor, and may naturally seek an alliance which must be advantageous to herself; you know your own rights, and that it is out of my power to prevent your inheriting the family estate.	It was the greatest stretch of forbearance I could practise.	I have many things to compass: I must punish Frederica, and pretty severely too, for her application to Reginald; I must punish him for receiving it so favourably, and for the rest of his conduct.	VERNON.	I honestly tell you my sentiments and intentions: I do not wish to work on your fears, but on your sense and affection.	"Frederica" said I, "you ought to have told me all your distresses.	Langford!	I cannot help fancying that she is growing partial to my brother.	"I knew that he was not absolutely the man she would have chosen, but I was persuaded that her objections to him did not arise from any perception of his deficiency.	I am thankful that my last letter will precede this by so little, as every moment that you can be saved from feeling a joy which leads only to disappointment is of consequence.	Our prospect is most delightful, and since matters have now taken so favourable a turn, I am quite sorry that I ever imparted my apprehensions to you; for the pleasure of learning that the danger is over is perhaps dearly purchased by all that you have previously suffered.	I am gratified by your reference, and this is my advice: that you come to town yourself, without loss of time, but that you leave Frederica behind.	Yours ever, ALICIA.	My heart misgave me instantly.	I trust, however, my dear mother, that we have no reason to fear an alteration of his present plan; things have gone too far.	he is much distracted by jealousy, which I am not sorry for, as I know no better support of love.	I meant, moreover, to have reminded him of our being quite alone now, and very much in need of him to keep up our spirits these long winter evenings.	How dared he believe what she told him in my disfavour!	The idea is horrible!"	Her kind-hearted uncle, you may be sure, was too fearful of distressing her to ask many questions as they travelled.	She blushed deeply as she answered: "I was so unhappy about Sir James that I could not help--I have done something very wrong, I know; but you have not an idea of the misery I have been in: and mamma had ordered me never to speak to you or my uncle about it, and--" "You therefore spoke to my brother to engage his interference," said I, to save her the explanation.	His long visit is about to be concluded at last, but I fear the separation takes place too late to do us any good.	I am, &c., CATHERINE VERNON.	Mr. Smith's account of her proceedings at Langford, where he accused her of having made Mr. Mainwaring and a young man engaged to Miss Mainwaring distractedly in love with her, which Reginald firmly believed when he came here, is now, he is persuaded, only a scandalous invention.	I am perfectly aware that after what has passed between us it would ill suit the feelings of either to remain longer in the same house: so very great, so total a change from the intimacy of friendship must render any future intercourse the severest punishment; and your resolution of quitting Churchhill is undoubtedly in unison with our situation, and with those lively feelings which I know you to possess.	Artlessness will never do in love matters; and that girl is born a simpleton who has it either by nature or affectation.	I was sitting about half an hour ago with Sir James in the breakfast parlour, when my brother called me out of the room.	When I understood his intention, however, and at the same time began to think that we had been perhaps equally mistaken in each other's meaning, I resolved to have an explanation before it was too late.	Adieu, till we meet; I am enchanted with my lodgings.	Lady Susan's intentions are of course those of absolute coquetry, or a desire of universal admiration; I cannot for a moment imagine that she has anything more serious in view; but it mortifies me to see a young man of Reginald's sense duped by her at all.	They came while we were at tea, and I never saw any creature look so frightened as Frederica when she entered the room.	Such earnestness such solemnity of expression!	As soon as I was tolerably composed I returned to the parlour.	Whether it would have done any good can never be settled now, but I am excessively vexed that Sir Reginald should know anything of a matter which we foresaw would make him so uneasy.	For half an hour I was in momentary expectation of his departure.	Humbled as he now is, I cannot forgive him such an instance of pride, and am doubtful whether I ought not to punish him by dismissing him at once after this reconciliation, or by marrying and teazing him for ever.	For any member of your family I must always feel a degree of affection, and I own it would have sensibly hurt me if my acquaintance with Mr. De Courcy had ended so gloomily.	S. V. XXXVI MR. DE COURCY TO LADY SUSAN ----Hotel.