If they cross, they must go to the bridge, and that is half the crater away."	While matters rested thus, the Ancient Ones searched the world, seeking men by whom they could renew the race.	The commoners fluttered off and Thrala greeted the Queen of the cells as an equal.	"Yes," the coldness of her tone was an order of exile.	Dandtan's hand fell lightly upon his rescuer's shoulder.	Trar himself escorted them from the Hall.	Hold this here--and here--while I fasten these clamps."	One was a man of their race, of slender, handsome body and evil, beautiful face.	Thran, Dweller in the Light and Lord of the Caverns, summoned the Folk to him.	The morgels have crossed the river and are out of control.	They could see shapes, no longer human or animal, staggering about in the fog.	"While we can pass, let us."	A second party was coming down the steps.	She was in his arms and his mouth sought hers possessively.	"The cells," he explained, and withdrew a bar across one door.	They came, through many winding passages, to a deep pool of water, in the depths of which lurked odd purple shadows.	Then he sprang.	There was something within the blue wall of the crater which disputed the Folk's rule.	"Kepta can be dealt with in other ways than with bare hands."	He felt as if he had intruded roughly where no man should go.	"This is wrong," he muttered, half to himself.	Garin remarked upon this.	Perhaps you will come to serve me yet."	And a great heap of cushions made a low couch in the center.	shouted Dandtan.	"Kepta is withdrawing the living light, so that we will have to wander in the dark."	"The morgels!"	"Out of his own mouth has this outlander condemned himself.	Men of the Folk dragged engines of tubing before the screen, while others brought forth the globes of green liquid.	They climbed the stairs on the far side unchallenged, Dandtan leading.	The water was tinglingly alive and they did not linger in it long.	"Wait," she cautioned suddenly.	At his orders the globes were posed on spoon-shaped holders.	Come, we must go to the Hall of Thrones."	Here and there a couch bore a double burden, upon the shoulder of a man was pillowed the drooping head of a woman.	Machines wove their metal cloth, machines prepared their food, harvested their fields, hollowed out new dwellings.	The Black Chief seemed to consider.	It is going--" There came sounds of something crawling slowly away.	And he was glad enough to plunge into a small fern grove which half-concealed a spring.	Urg and one of the other chieftains bore down upon the door lever.	Trar released Dandtan, his golden eyes gleaming.	And about each perverted figure was a crown of green motes.	Six lived to penetrate the mists and take wives among the Daughters.	"It is open," he whispered.	Let us go instead to call upon the help of those who have gone before us."	And her answer he got.	So a woman's farewell sped them on their way.	"Greetings, Garin," she returned slowly.	And I think that while we breed such as they, the Black Ones shall not rest easy.	Here and there they had varied the pattern with tiny emeralds or flaming opals, so that the finished portion was a rainbow.	They passed silently down the aisles of the dead.	It might have been midnight of the blackest, starless night.	An oval door swung back and the party passed through.	"And now, Lord--" he turned to Dandtan with deference--"what are your commands?"	From somewhere under the earth came the howls of a maddened dog.	There was a platter of hot meat covered with rich sauce, a stone bowl of grain porridge and a cluster of fruit, still fastened to a leafy branch.	"I will try the door."	Listen now, outlander, to the story of the Black Ones and the Caves of Darkness, of how the Ancient Ones brought the Folk up from the slime of a long dried sea and made them great, and of how the Ancient Ones at last went down to their destruction."	Here and there lay shrunken, livid shapes, the towers brooding over them.	Kepta pulled at her arm to gain her attention.	Rather will I cut the line of life with my own hands, taking upon me the punishment of the Elder Ones.	For a long moment they sat in silence and then they bobbed their lizard heads in assent.	Thrala was borne away by the women, leaving Garin with a feeling of desolation.	He screamed an order with savage fury.	"Jiv and Betv were captured while on a mission to the Gibi of the Cliff.	But you go free for the moment, as does Thrala and Dandtan.	*       *       *       *       * A circular panel in the wall opened and a woman slipped through.	Then there was the _Gibi_, a monstrous bee, also friendly to the lizard people.	"They are already dead," observed Dandtan.	Kepta's eyes narrowed but his smile did not fade.	Splashing through a shallow brook, the three began to run.	Then Dandtan put his arm about her; she clung to him, staring about as might a beauty-bewildered child.	So the Folk have meddled--" "Greeting, Kepta."	He was sick and dizzy.	"You are late," he accused.	They, too, seemed but asleep, their handsome heads pillowed on their arms.	In a moment he was back.	So shall it be again."	The broad beam of black light from the tip of the nearest tower caught the beast head on.	She came to the American, studying his face.	"Hurry!"	When there is one to sit upon the Rose Throne, what have we to fear?	Garin picked up the Ana.