Again the palm moved and a second address showed on the table.	Vye, remembering the crushed spine of the human skeleton, was sickened.	Panic, carried through from that awakening, dried his mouth, roughened his skin, made wet the palms of the hands he dug into the sand on either side of him.	"This was not an animal, Hunter.	Hume's face, cheek down in the now sodden dust, was dabbled with congealing blood.	No, we'd better plan to hold Wass at the gate, wait for the Patrol to come in."	He was about to go to Hume with that suggestion when he sighted the new move in their odd battle with the aliens.	*       *       *       *       * It began as a low hum, hardly to be distinguished from the distant howling of the wind.	"You don't think we have a chance!"	Vye believed he could scent the lake, that every breeze up slope brought its compelling enticement.	Vye wanted to know.	Hume put down the needler he had been charging.	It made a design when seen from overhead, a six-pointed star surrounding an oval and in the midst of that oval a black blot which they could not identify.	Vye demanded.	He asked quietly: "What do you remember, Brodie?"	"A race residing in the sea now--could you be sure your machine would discover its presence?"	But that door was closed.	If so Starns' interest must be fed, he would make an ideal discoverer.	Again those fingers moved on the panel.	Now the clawed things were stirring, dropping away from their prey.	Though the grayness of the morning was still hardly more than dusk he could not miss those humps spaced at intervals on the land, just beyond the unseen line of the force barrier.	"I couldn't hold the state jobs.	But he was not prepared for the speed of its attacking lunge.	This time he was answered with a series of well-spaced clicks which lacked the urgency of that other call.	How long ago that had been they could not have told, but they suspected that days of haze hung in between.	They were both silent as they took off from Wass' deserted camp, sped away over the black blot of the woodland towards the safari headquarters on the plains.	"At least the front door remains open, even if we find the back one closed."	Understand?"	Things squealed, or grunted, or died silently, while clawing to reach the upper ledges.	And they had discovered it none too soon, for the late afternoon shadows were lengthening.	"We might be able to, just might.	Rynch caught up two handsful of stones, holding them to his chest with his left arm as he made a last cast to see one light puff out in answer.	There was a door, the lintel and posts of which had more carving, but this time Terran, Hume thought--old, very old.	But not far from the small ship he had discovered something more--a campsite with a shelter fashioned out of spalls and vines, containing possessions a castaway might have accumulated.	"Their trap is sprung."	That I did not get here on the L-B, did not build that camp."	a city?	Hume must have agreed with those thoughts, he was already taking long strides back to the cliff entrance.	He did not enlarge upon his negative.	As the giant forepaws belabored the wood, strove to lift the body from the ground, Vye worked his way out on another branch.	"I agree, this is most interesting."	Rynch got to his feet, walked with slow deliberation down to the river's brink.	Rovald, Wass' man, lingered by the fire until the three civs were safe in their bubbles.	On the other hand, suppose they could turn that same gray haze to their own advantage--use it to blanket their withdrawal?	In the half light of the fire his features were set, his mouth grim.	"A very telling phrase, Out-Hunter.	Almost in the same instant his sandals hit the packed earth he was running.	"Runs too straight to be anything else, and those projections are evenly spaced.	He tried to think why that was so and could not, he only knew it was the truth.	And from this distance the lake was a topaz sheet of calm which could hide anything.	"A device set there by an intelligent being, and set a long time ago.	Those mewling cries were louder, he was sure of it.	"Big one!"	He eyed the spread of limbs on a neighbor tree.	He received a plasta-hand, the best the medical center could supply and a pension for life, forced by the public acclaim for a man who had saved ships and lives.	"We are still traveling in the direction they want," Vye speculated.	"The watchers."	7 It was some time before Hume found what he wanted, an islet in midstream lacking any growth and rising to a rough pinnacle.	"For water-cat," Hume agreed.	"My name is Ras Hume.	See paragraph 1.E below.	Hume shrugged.	"A man of many interests, Hunter--shall we let it go at that for the present?	The lights in the bubbles went out one by one.	None of it had ever been a part of Rynch Brodie's world.	On the other hand, suppose they could turn that same gray haze to their own advantage--use it to blanket their withdrawal?	He could not believe that this was the spaceman's game alone, for hadn't he spoken of "we"?	"I went into this deal with my eyes wide open--why doesn't matter very much now.	The enemy had followed them aloft!	"Just to cast north from their camp.	I think you are going to have some very free speech now."	He must get back to Hume.	"Too late.	There was a cloudy sky overhead, but he believed the day would clear.	"You've seen them!"	Beneath its branches he looked back.	Vye turned his head, looked down the trail.	The light blinked faster, and the speed of the flyer was checked as the automatic control triggered by the warn-off came into command.	Hume's hand came up.	"The hour grows late.	"I'd say maybe tomorrow--mid-morning before they make it that far--_if_ they are here.	Only, instead of bringing nausea with it, the stuff settled his stomach, cleared his head, with an after glow with which he managed to relax from the tense state of endurance which filled his hours in the Starfall.	A gearman for an Out-Hunter!