"I take it you chaps believe me to be an impostor, just as Allan does.	"Don't blame you a bit, my boy," he said.	They stood gazing doubtfully at George in revolt.	"Yes?"	"Then all I can say, my dear Watson," replied Mr. Paddock with burlesque seriousness, "is that you are unmistakably lacking in my powers of deduction.	It'll be murder, gentlemen--plain murder."	Trimmer hurriedly departed for the side-street boarding-house where he and his fallen nobleman shared a suite.	We mustn't lose on the stretch, old boy."	She is a charming girl.	"Never!	What do you mean?"	And sure enough, the graceful yacht began to move--out past Tarragona Island--out toward the open sea.	"Do you mean to tell me," he inquired, "that you lived in New York two years ago and didn't hear of Cotrell's Ink Eraser?"	I want to tell you about that--" He spoke with fervor.	"Cynthia--that isn't true--I do love you----" "Please!	He threw Chain Lightning's Collar on the manager's desk.	The car rolled asthmatically from the little settlement, and out into the sand and heat of a narrow road.	Several references this morning to our proud and haughty friend, Lord Harrowby.	The driver got out and surveyed the car without enthusiasm.	"I guess we tossed a bomb, eh?	You were so sorry when you had to be--cruel--to me to-day.	Smilingly George Harrowby took a cigar and lighted it.	Oh, what was the use?	Your boys they are to be in the next room--yes?	Was saving every cent I had for--you know what.	"I was just on the point of going out to the yacht, with an officer," he said.	Let's go over to London now and see the pater."	Trimmer poured into his ear the story of George's disappearance.	"This is a new one on me," said Minot, dazed.	Of course he's right.	My virtuous editors had departed to their rest.	I thought to-night the wedding had gone glimmering.	Incontrovertible proofs.	A rather childish effort, but what else was there to attempt?	He rattled the two young men wildly down the silent street to the railway station.	You must pardon me."	I hear the rustle of their feet over the grass."	It was the turn of the duchess to start, and start she did.	"You men are so nice," she gurgled, "when you want to be."	"I thought you'd come at me with the title," said George Harrowby, also dropping into a chair.	She looked up now from her conversation with her dinner partner, and silence fell as at a curtain ascending.	"My dear chap, gay as--as--a robin," Harrowby replied.	In Lord Harrowby's suite that gentleman sat in considerable nervousness, awaiting the undesired encounter.	"Why is she angry?	If the chauffeur thinks he can get you--I mean, us--to San Marco by one o'clock, shall we--" But the girl was already on her way.	From the gallery descended a shrill penetrating whistle of acclaim.	Sort of knocked me silly for a minute.	I turned them out by the yard--nice quiet little tea-table yarns with snappy dialogue.	It was by this bon mot that she chose to have her dinner live in the gossip of San Marco.	"What's Harrowby up to, I wonder?"	You thought you left me a broken vanquished woman.	Make him prove that he's Allan Harrowby."	Trimmer, rising.	Please see to the make-up.	She beamed on him.	He was a little man, clad all in white, suit, shoes, stockings.	On three sides the lighted towers and turrets of that huge hotel climbed toward the bright, warm southern sky.	You look like bright young men to me--quite bright enough.	It was at this point that Mr. Minot, his cigar and his cogitations finished, entered upon the scene.	Still going round in the caviar crowd, I hear.	"Engaged to Lord Harrowby, I understand."	"At the altar of that chapel," Minot said, "a priest fell--shot in the back by an Indian's arrow.	"But I did not tell.	"To put yourself out that our wedding may be a success!"	Minot."	Puckered every mouth in America.	At a quarter to four he read Jephson's cablegram again.	"Well," said the stranger, over a table in the grill, "what'll you have?	I'm going to take the public into partnership.	"I say, Minot, you are clever.	Spencer Meyrick himself risked from his endless store.	"To the De la Pax," he cried, "as fast as you can go."	Vacancies!	"I wonder what she's up to now?"	"Yes--sorry.	Why didn't you let me punch him?	"That's me.	However, the head-lines of the _Mail_ were staring up at him from the bench.	she asked, her voice low and tense.	A delightful pout.	I was young--sentimental--calcium-light and grease paint and that sort of thing hit me-hard.	"If--if you'd answer," said the girl, "it would make it easier for----" Aunt Mary's generous form appeared in the doorway.	He accepted Paddock's invitation to join him.