"I understand," said the lieutenant, as one who knows more than he tells.	She sat for a moment in deep thought; sat, in fact, until at her door came the enraged knocking of a hungry parent who had been waiting a full hour in the lobby below for her to join him at breakfast.	I can tell you no more than that.	I mentioned him to Bray.	The rumors in one special edition of the papers were denied in the next and reaffirmed in the next.	I maneuvered to get a letter written on a typewriter belonging to my man.	She was human, fun-loving--and, above all, the joy of youth was in her heart.	Gradually I became convinced that my brother was indeed disloyal to his country, to his name, to us all.	Gradually I became convinced that my brother was indeed disloyal to his country, to his name, to us all.	“You are free to go.	At their worst they were merely an effort to side-step old Lady Convention; this inclination was so rare in the British, he felt it should be encouraged.	"But I don't understand this at all."	YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.	At once he was my friend.	Fortunately he did not ask to see the Mail.	said I. I tried to sound sarcastic, but I was really too astonished by her tone.	You’re as uncommunicative as a newly-elected office-holder.	So it was arranged that I should desert my husband and follow on the next boat.	That most startling, most appalling accident has happened.	“You are an American?” he said, and I judged he did not care for Americans.	I realize that I have not eaten at all--save a cup of coffee from the trembling hand of Walters--since last night, at Simpson's.	Really, I can't take you seriously--" "Before this voyage is ended you'll have to.	"Really, I am.	West said.	My friend at the consulate, Watson, called on me late in the evening; and he was very kind.	Why should he want to pass me along to his cousin at a time when that gentleman, back home after two years in India, would be, no doubt, extremely busy?	That I am so late in getting to it is not because I did not think of you all day yesterday; not because I did not sit down at my desk at seven last evening to address you.	The sun is casting long black shadows on the garden lawn, and the whole world is so bright and matter-of-fact I have to argue with myself to be convinced that the events of that tragic night through which I passed really happened.	"I beg your pardon," she said.	How well she succeeded may be judged from a speech made by her father that night just before dinner: "Have you lost your tongue, Marian?	As it happened, she, too, had copies of the paper for the first four days of the week.	At the close of my last letter I confessed to you that it was I who murdered Captain Fraser-Freer.	A constable came forward for the countess and Colonel Hughes gallantly held open the door.	"I think I know you Americans.	These were odd actions, surely; but was it my place to interfere?	And I have been down into hell, to-night and seen Archibald Enwright, of Interlaken, conniving with the devil.	And at last I write that sentence: Captain Fraser-Freer of the Indian Army lay dead on the floor, a smile that was almost a sneer on his handsome English face!	I had not liked the looks cast at me by Inspector Bray, or his voice when he asked how I came to live in this house.	One may still take that ride, I fancy.	You have forgiven me, I know, for the manner in which I addressed you.	And so, lady who likes mystery, the matter stands on the afternoon of the last day of July, nineteen hundred and fourteen.	But the offer of all the king's horses and all the king's gold left him unmoved.	"Right here in my desk," said I. I got them for him.	His clothes looked as though he had slept in them; his little eyes were bloodshot.	A constable came forward carrying newspapers in his hand.	I wonder.	he said.	Would he welcome an intrusion from me now?	It whispers over the green grass, in the ivy that climbs my wall, in the soft murky folds of my curtains.	“Luck was with me--from the first.	I saw him go often to the house of this woman.	I will only say, sir, that we have come to ask of you a great--a very great favor indeed.	He said he had it on good authority that the chief of the Czar's bureau for capturing spies in Russia was himself a spy.	Letters sent by post seemed dangerous.	I suppose I should have insisted.	None “fairer in my eyes.”-- The man looked uncomfortably about him.	He turned to his father.	And now came his third letter, in which he related the connection of that hat, that pin and those asters with the column in the Mail which had first brought them together.	"It seemed so at the time," admitted Bray; and at last I thought I detected a note of bitterness in his voice.	It is nearly midnight now.	His waiter--a tall soldierly Prussian, more blond than West himself--saw him coming and, with a nod and a mechanical German smile, set out for the plate of strawberries which he knew would be the first thing desired by the American.	What could be the meaning of this sudden warm attachment that Archie had formed for me?	I heard all about you from your friend Gray; and as for those letters--they were the only thing that made the first part of this trip bearable.	It was the court that led me to take these rooms.	In a few minutes the door opened and Bray came in.	In the days of Sherlock Holmes it was in the Times that it flourished, and many a criminal was tracked to earth after he had inserted some alluring mysterious message in it.	It is really a wonderful, an astounding city, once you have got the feel of the tourist out of your soul.	“Another plate of the strawberries!” he commanded.	I have been sitting here in my study for some time, going over it again and again.	That boy has the stuff in him.” “But what shall I do?” I demanded.	“Let us suppose,” Bray went on, “that last Thursday evening at half after six you called on your brother in his rooms at Adelphi Terrace.	Suddenly he turned on Hughes.	"To-morrow night," she answered, "will be our last on board.	Best of all, he could detect in these messages nothing that was not open and innocent.	Many Texan gallants, no doubt, have told you the same while the moon was bright above you and the breeze was softly whispering through the branches of--the branches of the--of the-- Confound it, I don’t know!	“I left the Savoy early and went to Stephen’s rooms.	I told myself I should not be safe until the real murderer of the poor captain was found; and so I began to puzzle over the few clues in the case--especially over the asters, the scarab pin and the Homburg hat.	West seated himself at his usual table and, spreading out the Daily Mail, sought his favorite column.	I reckon when the blow falls it'll be tolerable hard to cash checks in this man's town."	But there was a note lacking in his voice, and after he was gone the terrible certainty came into my mind--he believed that I was guilty after all.	Hardly knowing what to say, but gaining inspiration as he went along, he wrote the first of seven letters to the lady at the Carlton.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	"You win the hat," he said, "but you must go to Homburg for it.