Then the wind struck her dress, and it seemed to lift the girl in its current.	"Don't you suppose I know you?"	It came to him suddenly, as he stood up, that someone might have seen this singular performance and carried the tale away for future laughter.	Before she answered him, her teeth glinted.	"I see you got this party all ready for me," said the sheriff more amiably to Riley Sinclair, who was watching in disgust the clumsy method of Jig's mounting.	Go south.	"Could you guide her with your knees?"	Boys, the north trail looks good to me.	"Me?	Jig considered.	To another it might have seemed odd that the posse was there instead of on the trail of the outlaws.	A moment elapsed before Kern could answer, for the voice of Arizona had trembled as he spoke.	Sheriff, I tell you out of my heart that I'm sorry!	Sinclair smiled blankly.	Is Gaspar guilty or not?"	He shook his head.	At once the sheriff brightened.	"Why, this is all laid out nacheral for a courtroom.	For they were beginning to call to me from downstairs.	That's a tolerable ugly thing to say, Cartwright!"	Jerry was a swart-skinned, squat, bow-legged, efficient cowpuncher.	There was a jarring impact, and now only two men were before him.	The girl must indubitably die!	A man could see up there, and he could see the truth.	Even now they could be heard cautiously maneuvering.	"And we're going to find him by ourselves.	"Certainly!	On the inside, where the leather had chafed the side of the horse, there was a dirty gray coating, the accumulation of the dust and sweat of many a ride.	It isn't true!	Kid, I gave my word for this to a dead man.	Very odd, but very true."	"Straighten up.	"You won't make me go into Sour Creek?"	He seemed even a little amused.	Sinclair raised his hand.	"After you cut out Quade, he got ugly, didn't he?"	"Only, why did you let him go on into town?"	And don't brag about what you know or what you've done.	"I dunno," sighed Arizona, patting his fat stomach reminiscently.	Sinclair shifted his gun to his left hand and turned to look at the window which Cartwright had been watching with such intense interest.	"It was a gent you'd never have suspected--that skinny little schoolteacher, Gaspar."	The couch before the window was heaped with cushions.	The heel was turned out to such an extent that the track was always a narrow indentation, where the heel fell on the soft soil.	"Like he was fanning his ribs with his elbows to keep cool?"	It would have won him more.	How you going to get around the fact that I did take Cold Feet?"	The minute he was out of sight I follered him, but when it come into view, him and Gaspar was high-tailing through the hills.	Far below them lay Sour Creek, long lost in the shadow of premature night which filled the valley.	Leading the way down to her hobbled horse he saddled it swiftly, while she stood aside and watched.	She saw him coming like a bolt.	Learn to ride a hoss.	"Some of you may think it was great guns to take Sinclair.	Glad to know you, Sinclair."	"I don't foller you.	He remembered the words he had spoken to the stripling that day eight years before.	Finally he walked slowly to the bars.	We know Quade was a fighter.	We can pick up Gaspar later on, as Joe Stockton says.	Presently the sheriff showed that he was a man capable of taking good advice, even though he could not stamp it as his own original device.	"I'll do it, Mr.	Presently he had forgotten all this.	"'Is that a threat?'	She stamped her foot.	asked the girl, stiffening to her full height.	"I took after a gent once.	"Yes."	I'll never forget you.	Paying no further attention to the talk, he passed on into the general merchandise store which filled most of the lower story of the hotel.	There was a general rising.	I'll send a confession along with you.	It was very slow work!	The latter lighted a lantern.	"That's going to make our trail shorter--if what you say turns out true."	He stalked after her to the little leaping creek and dipped out a full bucket.	"Sally Bent," he said, "do you know the prisoner?"	"Well, I got tolerable ugly reasons for saying it," answered the other.	Shame held Sinclair.	Who _would_ she love, then?	Why else would he have called on Quade?"	Law ain't no good, except to give lawyers a living."	For the moment Sinclair almost felt that the man was pitying him!	Another blow, driven home with equal power and precision on the opposite side, made the tree shudder to its top, and the third blow sent it swishing to the earth.	Pop shook hands before he shoved the register toward her.