Shorty sank back again on the bunk and turned his broad back on the crowd.	"His idea of a Bible is fifty-two cards and a joker.	Just for an instant she saw a devil glitter in his eyes but in a moment his glance wavered.	At any rate, he slid over the ground like the shadow of a cloud driven in a storm.	The very feel of the man in the saddle was different, not so much in poundage as in a certain exquisite balance which he maintained but the pause lasted no longer than a second after the welcome daylight flashed on the eyes of Alcatraz.	"I'll tell you," he said quietly.	I'll saddle you, right enough, but I'll ride you without spurs, and I'll put a straight bit in your mouth--damn the Mexican soul of Cordova, I see where he's sawed your mouth pretty near in two with his Spanish contraptions!	She wished heartily that she could have spoken with a little show of relenting but she had committed herself to coldness.	The two stallions were obviously guards, but what should they be guarding against in the broad light of day except that terrible destroyer who hunts as well at noon as at midnight--man!	Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.	I'll break him, ride him to death, or he'll pitch me off and finish me liked he finished Cordova.	The reply of Lew Hervey was just sharp enough to goad the newcomer--just soft enough to stay on the windward side of an insult.	Men whom anger reddens are blinded by it; but those who turn pale never stop thinking.	"He ain't here," said Little Joe softly, as he came to the side of the watchful foreman.	Let him live and I'll let him go free.	"You?"	There goes his head!	The latter returned the gaze with interest, stroking his face and snarling: "Once more, red devil, eh?	But I, I shall not miss!"	They can't be no hoss like this!	But I know I can handle him.	An occasional dark steak whirled past--the trunks of trees which the Little Smoky had chewed away from their foothold on its sides.	Even the dazed brain of Perris understood.	This was very strange, and while he thought it over Alcatraz dropped his head and nibbled the nearest cluster of grass.	His eyes were dull.	In spite of his boldness he lost sight of the riders among the deeper shadows of the ranch buildings, and he stopped again to consider.	For a great hatred is a great strength, and the hatred for Cordova made the chestnut big of heart to wait.	All of this, dazed by the misfortune, Marianne waited to see, but as the first of the pursuers darted out of sight she turned and ran to the box stall where she kept her favorite pony, a nimble bay, inimitable on a mountain trail and with plenty of foot on the flat.	Hervey struck out with all his might but felt the blow glance and then the coiling arms were around him again.	A full five minutes passed before it came out of the intervening valley but then, bursting over the hilltop, it swept enormous into the power of the glass--Alcatraz, and at full gallop!	So closely was that phantom located by the sense of smell that it seemed to Alcatraz he could see the exact spot on the hillside behind a small rock where the ghost must lie.	The hosses were now lining up for the start, it was with a touch of malice that Marianne said: "I suppose that's one of your range types?	If I had a stake, I'd give it to you for a chance to keep on trying for him.	"I wish--I wish--" she began.	That's the way I figure.	Five hundred voices bellowed his name to lift him to the finish: "Alcatraz!"	It was still lean, hard of palm, sinewy with strength of which most extreme age, indeed, would never entirely rob it.	One paw lay on the flank of its prey; the bloody muzzle was just above.	"Right," nodded Red Jim.	All at once she went weak and sick, but she hurried straight towards the cabin, trying to cry out.	"No," she answered, "there's enough cold blood to bring the price down.	By her antics she had worked him around to the head of the herd and she had no sooner reached this point than she threw up her head with a shrill neigh and started off at a gallop.	He called for a bucket of water and offered it to the dripping pony.	I wasn't packing a gun.	A great hope which he dared not frame in thought rushed through his mind, and he stepped slowly forward, his hand extended, his voice caressing.	Even Marianne at times had her doubts, but from a distance and by dint of squinting, she was usually able to reduce the conglomerate to a tolerably harmonious whole.	Come back in a week and everything will be cleared up.	"If you'd had a knife," said Hervey.	Marianne covertly stamped.	She needed no glass to bring them close.	He began to walk in a circle about his victim, and Alcatraz shuddered when the conqueror came behind him.	He spoke as though the explanation were self-evident.	He had been so entirely a stable-raised horse that this fodder was new to him.	As he fought he watched results.	She saw the head of the foreman jerk back as though he had received a blow in the face.	"Well, what was leading 'em must of been what let 'em out of the corral; and what let 'em out of the corral--" "Horse thieves!"	To preserve his self-respect as a good marksman, what else could he do?	"The man Marianne sent for?	His eyes flashed up at her, at that, and he stood suddenly straight as though she had given him the right to stop cringing and talk like a man.	"Chief," muttered Hervey, finding that even in the darkness he could not look into the tired, pain-worn face of the rancher, "I sure hope you never have no call to be sorry for this."	For every rancher and every ranch-hand in Glosterville was summoning Alcatraz to vindicate the range-stock against the long-legged mares which had been imported from the East for the sole purpose of shaming the native products.	It was arduous work, frisking from one point of vantage to another, never knowing when the Great Enemy might turn.	And, most horrible of all, Red Jim fought in utter silence, as a bull-terrier fights when it goes for the throat.	But a violence which would have hurled another man to the ground left Perris laughing.	The boldest came near and he touched noses, whereat she whirled with a little squeal and lashed out at him; but her heels were carefully aimed wide of the mark and Alcatraz merely tossed his nose; plainly she was a flirt.	A neigh from the black leader made the herd scatter on every side like fire in stubble.	With the water dripping from his belly, Alcatraz twinked a farewell glance to the green country behind him and set his face towards the desert.	"Ladies and gents," said Red Perris, turning the color of his sobriquet.	He could hear the heavy breathing of Oliver Jordan and the figure of the driver swayed a little back and forth in the seat as a man will do when his mind is swinging from one alternative to another.	But plainly they wanted to get out with him.	For Cordova rode with legs braced, keeping a tight pull that bent the head of Alcatraz down.	Before I go, Perris, is they anything you want done, any messages you want to leave behind you?"	"That's what he done the shooting for--to show Shorty how to get off a quick shot.	A two-year-old boy could ride Rickety now.	Through the split part of a second that thrill passed tingling through and through him, then he shouted: "Perris!"	Who's he?"	Through the trees, filtered by the branches, she saw a light.	The long night wore away with Marianne crouched at the window straining her eyes towards the corrals.	In fact, she had much to think about, for late the preceding evening Lew Hervey had come to her and showed her the first note that her father had written.	she pleaded.	"By the Eternal!"	Her foreman was such a type grown to middle-age.	In the meantime, as they wore out the miles and the day turned towards sunset time, the cheery conversation which Little Joe had led among the riders fell away.