with an upward glance.	Rudolph was the great Jeffersonian Democrat, not by excellence, rather by newspaper courtesy, and that, to be specific, by his own newspaper.	On the street Warrington was stopped by Ben Jordan, the Telegraph's star reporter, who had worked with Warrington on the Journal.	Herculaneum held its neighbors in hearty contempt, like the youth who has suddenly found his man's strength, and parades round with a chip on his shoulder.	And aside from all this, it was a triumph, a vindication of her foresight.	"Bother, indeed!	It was not exactly needed, as they were not digging, but laying crushed stone.	They sometimes knock at your door, but happiness steals in without warning, and often leaves as mysteriously as it comes."	"My son is very fortunate.	"Two musty ales," Warrington ordered.	Walford looked at his employer in frank triumph.	Did you ever hear of anything to equal the cold-bloodedness of it?"	"I never believe what I hear, and only half of what I see."	So, promptly at a quarter to five, he departed, leaving explicit orders with his subordinates.	Warrington rose.	"That is good.	She embarrasses me at times with her implicit faith in my goodness."	Yes, I know who he is, and I'd like to punch his head for him, too."	But what could be expected of people who put iron dogs and wooden deers on their front lawns?	Quickly he dropped them on the desk, took up the photograph, rose and replaced it on the mantel.	The truth is--" Bennington hesitated.	The way these breakfast millionaires lorded and landaued it highly amused him.	"Evidently," said a third, "he doesn't drink unless he wants to; and that's more than most of us can say."	He was not wholly devoid of the sense of humor, as a gentleman's gentleman should at all times be.	There was a big responsibility pressing on his shoulders.	said Haldene from over the top of his paper.	I love Patty.	You will find no city named after her; nor Sappho, nor Aspasia.	These will soften the blow, Dick."	They were all eager to see what the Times had to say.	Her fancy turns from pearl to green, to amber, to pink, to blue and gold and rose, an inexhaustible wardrobe.	Now there was no sound; nothing but silence, with the suggestion of a tomb.	"Injunction," said Donnelly tersely.	I never pass clover without wanting to get down and hunt for four-leaves.	Presently he would have them all by the throats.	He was shiftless and lazy, but he had a code of honor.	And when some prophecy of hers went wrong, she did everything in her power to right it.	But your leader says that the present output is wholly sufficient, and you are taking his word for it.	The men laughed again, accepting Ben's retort as a piece of banter.	"Well, if you want the truth I'll give it to you.	Patty swung round the canoe, which action gave the angler freer play.	"I'll be so happy!"	Would you like to see me mayor?"	They won't look so swell when I'm through with them.	At the time, however, I had a pretty bad case of heart-trouble.	Why in hell hadn't he left some of the money with the bartender?	Jove came waltzing after him.	She laid down the paper and finished her coffee.	An unexpected curve in the road discovered a road-builder and his gang of Italians.	Here and there a farmer could be seen pottering about the yards, or there was a pale curl of smoke rising from the chimney.	She had forgotten her gloves!	Then she recalled a French play in which a perfume had convicted a person of theft.	Saw him on horseback this morning."	She was positive that he had them.	A freckle to eradicate, a wrinkle to remove, a moth-patch to bleach, a grey hair to dye; nothing was impossible here, not even credulity.	"Do you believe they know what they are talking about?"	"Well, I'll reply for you, then.	Why did he not say something?	"I like to hear a man talk like that."	When we two get together, we have a time of it; I, lauding my boy; she, praising hers.	There was now a great breach in the wall.	His lieutenants were prominent business men who went into politics as a light diversion, young men of aristocratic families who were ambitious to go to Albany or Washington, and lawyers.	Think of it!	She could see the men, too, moving in the glow of ruddy light; she could see again the brilliant sparks flying from under the thundering trip-hammers, the cyclopean eyes that glared up at heaven at night, the great rumbling drays, the freight moving to and from the spur.	Warrington missed his shot; He heard voices again.	"Good night, Mr. Osborne.	"I'm sorry.	I received one of these only a few days ago, and I want you to read it."	"Chittenden, you can't leave me now.	She was dressed in a dark grey riding-habit and wore a beaver cocked-hat.	The red fell of hair on his hands reminded Warrington of a sow's back.	he asked, his curiosity suddenly aroused.	Warrington sighed.	Now, I have studied the strike problem from beginning to end.	No, Mr. Warrington, I shall be very proud of you when you are mayor."	"Yes.	Schmuck could hear him moving the chairs about.	The trip-hammers began their intermittent thunder, the rolling-machines shrieked, and the hot ore sputtered and crackled.	Your fists won't help you.	At the shops the men had placed the usual sentinels around the limits, ready to repel the expected army of non-union workmen.	For the first time in the history of local politics the two parties went to work with solid ranks.	Personalities entered freely into the editorials, which often abounded in wit and scholarship.	Bennington understood.