So there's no doubt he watches you enter and takes note of your departure."	"Suit yourself about that.	The strain was terrible.	The curse of God was upon it; it was the trail of the serpent, spreading poison in its wake.	Later that day, at home, she remembered the blank paper.	Why could not she remember?	Another ten per cent.	If you will place a porter before Miss Hargreave's door till I make arrangements to take her away, that will simplify matters."	"Do you think so?"	It would read like one of Gaboriau's tales.	He received most of his assignments by telephone and wrote his stories and articles in his club, in the writing rooms of hotels, and invariably despatched them to the office by messenger.	Miss Susan Farlow had just returned to the reception room from her nightly tour of the upper halls to see if all her charges were in bed, where the rules of the school confined them after nine-thirty.	I thought that room belonged to us."	And when Jones came to the door he was staggering with sleep.	"Oh, I see.	The lobe of the man's left ear came within range.	He and Blossom went battering against the rail.	She had played it and lost, and she must pay her debts to Fate the fiddler.	Norton had not served twelve years as a metropolitan newspaper man for nothing.	He said he represented a life insurance company and was up here from Boston to take a little vacation.	They run us down and never stop.	He'll never find it, even if he took the range.	The surprised men heard the key click.	I have only to recall Katrina's face to know whose child you are.	Said Jones as he put the document back in his pocket: "What is your name?"	"True.	"To act frankly and in the open, to go boldly to the Hargreave home and proclaim myself Hargreave.	We must not stand here."	Just let her do as she pleases.	She laughed hysterically.	said the giant, eying the spanner and the shaking hand that held it aloft.	"How strong you are!"	"Good heavens!"	When the light was turned up she recognized with horror the woman who had helped to kidnap her and take her away on the _George Washington_ weeks ago.	If I were poor and had to work no one would bother me."	"Fifteen seconds!"	We can't get him out of that house.	"Or God," replied the countess gloomily.	"You would rob my guests?"	Anything on your mind?"	"I'm sorry.	Far better for her if she put an end to life.	The next failure will mean short shift.	"What's this?"	She could have laughed.	The halves were produced and examined.	"I'll see the secret service people at once.	He might or might not be able to get Jones.	"Yes; and Jim is the sort every paper needs.	I think I understand what your father's idea is: not to have them arrested for blackmail, but practically to exterminate them, put them in prison for such terms of years that they'll die there.	"Tie a knot in that."	Suddenly he frowned anxiously.	The word "sir" caught Florence's attention.	He was one of those enviable individuals whose imagination and gastric juices work at the same time.	He will have bought the fruit piece by piece, the basket in a basket shop.	In the case of his watch he saw a brutal face behind him.	Braine asked if any one knew what the Hargreave butler looked like.	Give his enemies a chance to learn his secret?	It was a cup of bitter gall, and there was no way of avoiding the putting of it to his lips.	He was unarmed; he forgot all about this fact.	He was a man of impulses, and he had found by experience that first impulses are generally the best.	"I am only chagrined.	haughtily.	Millions--and they slipped through our fingers.	My maiden name was Olga Pushkin, cousin to Katrina, wife of Stanley Hargreave.	cried Jones, making an effort to dispel the drowsiness.	expostulated Norton, longing to pommel the stubborn man.	The man had been unmistakably hit.	This gang has city protection.	He would take his ten thousand and make the grand getaway.	On the voyage home he brooded continually, and was frequently found blubbering; and one night he skipped his watch and went to Davy Jones' locker.	"Knew what?"	It saves a long trial and passage up the river.	Braine took his stand by the entrance.	She was a rich man's daughter; the ring on the unknown's finger would have fitted out a fleet.	She tried to tear herself loose.	He would not have dared risk the loss of time for a bit of play-acting.	"Is this the Hargreave place?"	Always he found Jones waiting for him at the door, always in the shadow.	Swiftly he swung back the door and the member of the Black Hundred stumbled into the room.	At that moment the other policeman broke in the door.	"Well, hike there an' start in with peelin' spuds, an' don't waste 'em neither.	A failure, mind you, will prove unhealthy to all concerned," with a menace which made the four stir uneasily.