The Wastrel laughed.	"I am going to give you a try."	She remembered the doctor's warning that the real battle would begin when the patient recovered consciousness.	Occasionally the canvas snapped as the wind veered slightly.	It is a plain case of alcoholic stupor.	She saw herself begin a slow, sinuous dance: and stop suddenly in the middle of a figure, conscious that the dance was not impromptu, her own, but native--the same dance she had quitted but a few minutes gone.	"Well, this young lady I was about to describe," said the doctor, "is Enschede's daughter."	Something is feeding upon them.	I sit back now, letting life slip by and musing upon it; and I find my loneliness sweet.	I asked her to marry me, and she consented."	Prudence's tones were full of suppressed horror.	She would come and sit cross-legged just beyond the bamboo curtain and silently watch him at work.	Mr. O'Higgins was to keep track of you until I believed you had had enough punishment.	As if God would not continue to mock him so long as his brain held a human thought!	Somebody to depend upon her; somebody to have need of her, if only for a little while.	You don't know what you have got; I do.	He took the first step toward the stairs, and met the restraining hand of McClintock.	All this led him back to the original circle.	So then, the acquired is the livelier phase, being driven into action daily; whereas the inherent may lie dormant for months, even years.	Frequently she would doze in her chair; but the slightest movement on the bed aroused her.	McClintock laughed.	Doubts began to rise up all about her, plucking at her confidence.	His interest was divided: while his ears drank in the sounds, his glance constantly roved from Ruth to the performer and back to Ruth.	He recognized the face instantly.	Besides, he was a Yale man.	Then, presto!	He would have to return to Hong-Kong; and his trail would be picked up the moment he set foot on the Praya.	If there was a Yankee bar-keep in Hong-Kong, James Boyle would soon locate him.	She was as fair as the lily of the lotus.	asked Spurlock, anxiously.	His thoughts began to fall on her side of the scales, and his own misery grew lighter as he anticipated hers.	"I shall never tell anybody that."	"How goes it?"	"You're on," said O'Higgins.	She had been to San Francisco, and what I learned about the world was from her.	"For the present.	He talked with his manner gentle and kindly.	"What is your name?"	Men had tried to kiss her--unshaven derelicts, some of them terrible--but she had always managed to escape.	She remembered now a verse from the Psalms her father had always been quoting; but now she recited it with perfect understanding.	CHAPTER XX To Spurlock it seemed as if a great iron door had swung in behind him, shutting out the old world.	The doctor missed the expression of terror and dismay that flitted across Spurlock's face.	"To-morrow night!"	"I accept."	One of his converted Kanakas dropped in one day.	How men suffer for the foolish things they do!"	The amazing tonic of the thought!	"Yes.	The beachcomber, the lowest in the human scale; and some day he would enter into this estate.	The tail-ender of this little caravan, he had been rather out of it.	"Good Lord!--cannibals?"	"'The Man Who Could Not Go Home.'	I'm sorry.	I'll tell you something.	Well, good Lord!"	"Well, well; look who's here!"	Both Spurlock and McClintock stood by their chairs until she was gone.	One of his chair coolies had witnessed the transportation of Spurlock by stretcher to the sampan in the canal.	"No.	What are you going to tell me?"	That is how I learned that there were such things as novels.	Then he looked at Ruth.	You mustn't get mixed.	Got you interested in something, then?	"I'll find something."	"So have we all.	I hear her coming."	I hated the stuff.	Their laughter, together with the agonized yowling of the dog, drew a circle of wondering natives; and at length McClintock himself came over to see what the racket was about.	The word of a Chinaman; he had given it, so he must abide.	You forgot the monotony, the endless monotony, that bends you and breaks you and crushes you--you forgot that!"	Come along with us in the morning.	It is queer how ideas pop into one's head.	It was a mad half-hour.	I'm crazy to get to work again."	Go to it; and the best of luck!"	"I am here in Canton," she replied, simply.	He saw that his words were falling upon dull ears.	"Puppy-love."	"To be sure it is.	Once she heard him mutter, and she leaned down.	"Did you bring me down here to crucify me?"	That's one of the troubles with young folks: they take themselves so seriously.