because its lovely rays      Are given by God's pure grace, and not by art.	But the infinite beauty that all eyes doth fill,      This none can learn!	Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.	VIII      Soleasi nel mio cor star bella e viva,      Com'alta donna in loco umile e basso:      Or son fatt'io per l'ultimo suo passo,      Non pur mortal ma morto; ed ella è diva.	Section 1.	1.E.7.	One exquisite sonnet (I' vidi in terra) shows this to have been true.	292 Gli occhi di ch'io parlai    8.	Veramente siam noi polvere ed ombra;      Veramente la voglia è cieca e 'ngorda;      Veramente fallace è la speranza.	361 Dicemi spesso   13.	Non fia in voi scoglio omai che per costume      D'arder con la mia fiamma non impari.	In the sonnet (Gli angeli eletti) visions multiply upon visions.	with me abide!"	Love, wisdom, courage, tenderness, and truth      Made in their mourning strains more high and dear      Than ever wove soft sounds for mortal ear;      And heaven seemed listening in such saddest ruth      The very leaves upon the bough to soothe,      Such sweetness filled the blissful atmosphere.	1.F.2.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	1.D.	261 Qual donna attende    5.	Who strives with Nature's laws is over-bold,      And Time to his commandment bids us bow.	But to my soul, thus steeped in joy, the sound      Brings such a wish to keep that present heaven,      It holds my spirit back to earth as well.	"What light is here, in what new beauty drest?"	161 O passi sparsi    6.	The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.	294 Soleasi nel mio cor    9.	Che luce è questa, e qual nova beltate?	If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.	She took my hand, she said, "Within this sphere,      If hope deceive not, thou shalt dwell with me:      I filled thy life with war's wild agony;      Mine own day closed ere evening could appear.	since joys enrich thee all,      Rest thee; and thou, O stream too bright to grieve!	qual di mirto?	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	So change the sonnets after Laura's death, growing shadowy as they recede, until the very last (Gli occhi di ch'io parlai) seems to merge itself in the blue distance.	Ivi 'l parlar che nullo stile agguaglia,      E 'l bel tacere, e quei santi costumi      Ch'ingegno uman non può spiegar in carte.	It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.	O haunted life!	Printer errors in the English portions of this book have been corrected without note.	XI      Gli angeli eletti e l'anime beate      Cittadine del cielo, il primo giorno      Che Madonna passò, le fur intorno      Piene di maraviglia e di pietate.	156 I' vidi in terra    7.	1.E.	if ye dwell      Yet on this earth, and ye, great Shades of Love!	General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works 1.A.	IX      Dreams bore my fancy to that region where      She dwells whom here I seek, but cannot see.	And she, contented with her new-found bliss,      Ranks with the perfect in that upper sphere,      Yet ever and anon looks back on this,      To watch for me, as if for me she stayed.	You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org/license 1.E.2.	XIII      Vago augelletto che cantando vai,      Ovver piangendo il tuo tempo passato,      Vedendoti la notte e 'l verno a lato,      E 'l dì dopo le spalle e i mesi gai;      Se come i tuoi gravosi affanni sai,      Così sapessi il mio simile stato,      Verresti in grembo a questo sconsolato      A partir seco i dolorosi guai.	SONNETS      I      Lieti fiori e felici, e ben nate erbe,      Che Madonna, pensando, premer sole;      Piaggia ch'ascolti sue dolci parole,      E del bel piede alcun vestigio serbe;      Schietti arboscelli, e verdi frondi acerbe;      Amorosette e pallide viole;      Ombrose selve, ove percote il Sole,      Che vi fa co' suoi raggi alte e superbe;      O soave contrada, o puro fiume,      Che bagni 'l suo bel viso e gli occhi chiari,      E prendi qualità dal vivo lume;      Quanto v'invidio gli atti onesti e cari!	1.F.1.	XII      Dicemi spesso il mio fidato speglio,      L'animo stanco e la cangiata scorza      E la scemata mia destrezza e forza;      Non ti nasconder più; tu se' pur veglio.	Pochi compagni avrai per l'altra via:      Tanto ti prego più, gentile spirto,      Non lassar la magnanima tua impresa.	L'alma d'ogni suo ben spogliata e priva,      Amor della sua luce ignudo e casso      Devrian della pietà romper un sasso:      Ma non è chi lor duol riconti o scriva;      Ché piangon dentro, ov'ogni orecchia è sorda,      Se non la mia, cui tanta doglia ingombra,      Ch'altro che sospirar, nulla m'avanza.	VI      I' vidi in terra angelici costumi      E celesti bellezze al mondo sole;      Tal che di rimembrar mi giova e dole;      Ché quant'io miro par sogni, ombre e fumi.	Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.	There is no rock so senseless but I deem      It burns with passion that to mine is near.	The very light of heaven hath lost its powers      Mid fading ways our loftiest dreams to find;      Men jeer at him whose footsteps are inclined      Where Helicon from dewy fountains showers.	XIV      La gola e 'l sonno e l'oziose piume      Hanno del mondo ogni vertù sbandita,      Ond'è dal corso suo quasi smarrita      Nostra natura, vinta dal costume;      Ed è sì spento ogni benigno lume      Del ciel, per cui s'informa umana vita,      Che per cosa mirabile s'addita      Chi vuol far d'Elicona nascer fiume.	167 Quando Amor    3.	1.F.4.	Ma 'l suon, che di dolcezza i sensi lega,      Col gran desir d'udendo esser beata,      L'anima, al dipartir presta, raffrena.	Amor, senno, valor, pietate e doglia      Facean piangendo un più dolce concento      D'ogni altro che nel mondo udir si soglia:      Ed era 'l cielo all'armonia sì 'ntento,      Che non si vedea 'n ramo mover foglia;      Tanta dolcezza avea pien l'aere e 'l vento.	A vessel sails by with plash and roar, and all the white spray along her side is sparkling with sunlight.	If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.	Ma ben veggi' or, sì come al popol tutto      Favola fui gran tempo: onde sovente      Di me medesmo meco mi vergogno:      E del mio vaneggiar vergogna è 'l frutto,      E 'l pentirsi, e 'l conoscer chiaramente      Che quanto piace al mondo è breve sogno.	Yet there is sorrow in the world, and it reached Petrarch even before Laura died,--when it reached her.	The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	NUMBER 426 [Illustration] [Transcriber's Note: Below is a list of printer errors that have been corrected in the Italian sonnets, by reference to the 1964 critical edition of _Il Canzoniere_ edited by Gianfranco Contini, available at Liber Liber, www.liberliber.it.	Few are the hearts that prize the poet's lines:      Yet, friend, the more I hail thy spirit glad!	O limpid stream,      That mirrorest her sweet face, her eyes so clear,      And of their living light canst catch the beam!	An impression which has endured so long is ineffaceable; it is an earthly immortality.	And thus I live: and thus is loosed and wound      The thread of life which unto me was given      By this sole Siren who with us doth dwell.	How it clings, for instance, round this sonnet (Aura che quelle chiome)!	XIV      Lust and dull slumber and the lazy hours      Have well nigh banished virtue from mankind.	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	1.E.3.	I hear her call, and must not be delayed.	Spacing of elisions (such as "ch'ascolti") has been normalized.	Petrarch's odes and sonnets are but parts of one symphony, leading us through a passion strengthened by years and only purified by death, until at last the graceful lay becomes an anthem and a 'Nunc dimittis.'	Qual vaghezza di lauro?	Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.	YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.	You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.	Next to the immortality of genius is that which genius may confer upon the object of its love.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.	In the closing sonnets Petrarch withdraws from the world, and they seem like voices from a cloister, growing more and more solemn till the door is closed.