_S.	If I am to answer for myself and for all: No one knows, of a truth.	Augustine._ Why--why do you speak of sighing?	Augustine._ Poor man!	For I will go so far as to assert that this work of yours is, to begin with, taking off your attention from cares of a nobler kind; and, greatly excellent as you think it, has no wide scope nor long future before it, circumscribed as it must be by time and space.	_S.	_Petrarch_.	_S.	Is it an old story that this habitable part is divided again into two parts, whereof one is placed under your feet, guarded by a vast sea, and the other is left you to inhabit everywhere, or, according to some authorities, is again in two parts subdivided, with but one part habitable and the other surrounded by the winding intricacies of the Northern Ocean, preventing all access to it?	But if, again, it is not cured, what good will change of scene bring me?	Now there is no backbiter alive, let his tongue be as sharp as it may, that has ventured to touch her good name, or dared to say he had seen a single fault, I will not say in her conduct, but even in any one of her gestures or words.	No sooner has it touched even the hardest heart but it breaks and penetrates it.	_S.	What remedy were you likely to find in a place all lonely and remote?	Augustine._ What vast abundance of examples you can command!	Therefore, as I think, it is in the true order that mortal men should first care for mortal things; and that to things transitory things eternal should succeed; because to pass from those to these is to go forward in most certain accordance with what is ordained for us, although no way is open for us to pass back again from eternity to time.	_S.	Without seeing, I fell into the snare.	Augustine._ Ah, blindfold one!	_S.	It is no wonder plagues like these take possession of your minds, when you see the madness of the world; and when once they have found their way back to the soul, they come with fatal ease.	_S.	Do you mind being more explicit?	Augustine._ I might reply to you with a word of Cicero and tell you, "You are talking of putting boundary lines in vice itself.	The help you offer me is useless.	When the like fate befalls kings and rulers of the earth, people of great might and such as are regarded with awe, those who see it are struck with more dread, are more shaken with alarm; they are amazed when they behold a sudden terror, or perchance hours of intense agony seize on one who was wont to strike terror into others.	Augustine_.	I am ashamed to tell you what experience has made me think of the majority of mankind.	_Petrarch._ You will find it very hard to convince me.	It is not surely possible, that he who thus has the thought of death before him day by day should ever be doomed to death eternal.	_Petrarch._ Unless I am deceived, there is no man alive who is more often revolving this thought in his heart than I.	What was now required of you was to try and put in practice what you know, instead of plunging deeper and deeper into laborious inquiries, where new problems are always meeting you, and insoluble mysteries, in which you never reach the end.	_S.	Augustine._ It is an idle complaint.	[13] Horace, _Odes_, I. xxxi.	_Petrarch_.	How wisely you have made choice; for indeed it were useless to add more, and no other could be so deeply graven in my heart.	_S.	But I beg you will produce some more solid arguments than these, if you know any; for experience has shown me that all this is more specious than convincing.	_Petrarch_.	"[29] From which my conclusion is that commerce with Venus takes away the vision of the Divine.	When you come to any passages that seem to you useful, put marks against them, which may serve as hooks to hold them fast in your remembrance, lest otherwise they might be taking wings to flee away.	"[10] But tell me, pray, what is the use of this irritation and anger that makes you so on edge?	_S.	Think, moreover, how much you have added to her fame, and of what she has subtracted from your life: how you have ever been jealous for her good name, but she has been always regardless of your very self and condition.	Augustine._ Love and glory.	And I believe that I have received this for my punishment, as I would not stand when I might, so now I cannot rise when I would.	_S.	However, let me briefly tell you the remedy I propose.	[5] Juvenal, _Sat._ x.	But when you declare you are willing to rob yourself of the riches that will endure merely for the sake of what you own is a perishing breath of applause--then you are a fool indeed.	Augustine._ Yes, it is a topic repeated over and over again in all the schools.	You to-day carry within you as hot a flame of passion, you endure as fierce stings.	In my judgment, then, if one must die for certain, there is some consolation in dying of a nobler rather than a less noble wound.	Just one word before you begin.	Nay, might I not go further and, without mentioning mankind, may I not say that with all your labour and study you will find yourself no match in skill for some of the meanest and smallest of God's creatures?	_S.	_S.	I would to Heaven I could say as much of my soul, but I am afraid that in it there is what is more than a match for me.	_S.	Why, then, are you not afraid of a danger you have so often experienced?	"[25] For how can you continue in safety in these scenes where there are so many memories of your wounds, where things present and the memory of things past cling always to you?	Think of Death, the fact so certain, the hour so uncertain, but everywhere and at all times imminent.	To scrape through life on water and dry bread     That you may have a fortune when you're dead?	How many have struck root and borne fruit in due season?	If you consider, in truth, not the disasters of private families only, but the ruins also of empires from the beginning of history, with which; you are so well acquainted; and if you call to mind the tragedies you have read, you will not perhaps be so sorely offended when you see your own humble roof brought to nought along with so many palaces of kings.	I recognise the thought.	I cannot but applaud that meaning which I understand you find hidden in the poet's story, familiar as it is to you; for whether Virgil had this in mind when writing, or whether without any such idea he only meant to depict a storm at sea and nothing else, what you have said about the rush of anger and the authority of reason seems to me expressed with equal wit and truth.	Augustine._ To tell the truth you think very seldom of it, and in so feeble a way that your thought never touches the root of your trouble.	_S.	_Petrarch._ What has that to do with the subject, I would like to know?	She knows very well that whenever after the manner of men I have gone over in my mind all the degrees and conditions of our human lot.	Augustine._ Much, every way.	Spare your reproaches, I pray.	And since it is so, you may lay aside your wonder that Cicero should tell us no passion of man's soul seemed to him more violent than love.	But I will tell you what my fear is.	Alas, alas, I am more wretched than I thought.	I thought I had explained sufficiently, but I will be more explicit still.	[40] Seneca's _Letters,_ lvi.	Moreover, although the plurality of deities may be ridiculous, this opinion of the Poets is not devoid of common sense.	"[30] And I admire the reasons he gives in the same Ode not less than the sentiment itself.	_S.	[13] _Æneid,_ vi.