"If you could only find the right vein, I would insist upon your taking away all but my patrician blood."	{George Crabbe (English poet, 1754-1832), "Posthumous Tales: Tale VI--The Farewell and Return", Part II, lines 79-80} "I feared so!"	"Was it not?	Then her manners, too, were charming, so simple and natural; while Jane had no manners at all.	And after an exchange of curtsies, the ladies glided out of the room.	The cares, the sympathies of a country home, embrace a wide circle, and bring with them pleasures of their own.	Young Van Horne, who had some musical capabilities, was placed at the piano, and played Washington's March, when the young people paired off in a line, and began to walk, moving in time up and down the two drawing-rooms, through the folding-doors--each gentleman, of course, offering his arm to a lady; chaque chacun, avec sa chacune.	This was a piece of good luck, which diminished her cares, and prevented the deep mortification she must have felt had the tea and coffee been cold.	he asked.	"If we must go up to your STUDIO for it, we'll rest awhile first," said Mr. Wyllys taking a seat.	Did you say you were going to-morrow?"	Though banished from Chesnut {sic} Street, she would have been well satisfied with the usual occupations of a country life, varied only by quiet walks with her aunt, rides with her grandfather, chatty meetings with a few young companions, or long visits from old friends, whose names and faces had been familiar to her all her life.	"This riband was very cheap, Agnes," she added, showing it to her sister-in-law.	"Why this one, with the white camellias; it came from Theodore St. Leger; he told me he would send one with white flowers only."	"Mamma is not at home, and will not know what has become of me."	It is a custom that appears to me as unnatural as it is puerile.	"Well, I supposed from your letters that you knew long ago that he was desperately in love with you.	As regards money-matters, she talked and thought so much about economy, that she took it for granted that she practised it.	But the same distance which separates girls of twelve and eighteen, is, of course, less thought of at twenty and six-and-twenty, when both are fairly launched into the world.	"I saw Clapp going into the tavern last evening," observed Uncle Josie.	"I shall never arrive at any great elevation either way," replied the youth, after shaking hands also with Jane.	Some curious person, uninitiated in similar domestic mysteries, may wish to know how things were managed at such a trying crisis.	But Anne is an excellent manager, you know, Jane--" "Yes, I remember her."	"Miss Taylor is very decided," he said, "but so am I.	It seemed scarcely reasonable to expect any striking quality, or great virtue, with beauty so rare.	Never lose sight of the difference between form and spirit; yet remember that in this material world, the two should seldom be put asunder.	Harry muttered something about holes and ruts, which was not heard very distinctly.	One evening, when they had been drinking tea at Mrs. Taylor's, Elinor was much struck with a change in Jane's manner, which she had already observed several times of late, when they had been in society together.	"Has it?"	inquired Elinor.	"Yes, I do remember them; one Charles Hubbard called Uncle Josey {sic}, and he seemed quite a sensible man; the other fell asleep I know, the one they called Uncle Dozie."	It is my hope, that in time you will forgive me; though I shall never forgive myself.	why did you not send Harry off at once, to get at the truth?"	It was no easy task, suddenly to change the whole current of feeling which had filled her mind during the last two years.	The little girl of twelve began the evening as ladies'-maid, appearing in the dressing-room in that capacity, helping the ladies to take off their shawls and smooth the folds of their dresses, before they made their entrance in the drawing-rooms.	{"German philosopher" = I have been unable to identify with certainty the quotation, though the sentiment suggests Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph von Schelling (1775-1854)} Things were in this train, when the family set out for Switzerland.	"No, indeed;" said Elinor, colouring a little, as she laughed at the inquiry.	{"in petto" = in mind} Let it not be supposed that Harry was too sure of success, in thus looking forward to his marriage with Jane as no very improbable event.	Jane looked at the home of her friend Adeline with interest--Harry exclaimed, "What architecture!"	CHAPTER XXII.	Well, Anne and I were in great trouble, one day.	If mere notoriety be an advantage, and in the opinion of the worldly it is so, the superiority of beauty over ugliness lasts longer than life; many women are remembered, who had nothing but beauty to recommend them to the notice of posterity.	He tried to believe, however, that it was in spite of himself he had been captivated by June's beauty.	"Now, what DO you mean?	But Jane was not destined to try the effect of the Charleston climate upon the energies of a belle.	"I know it, Hubbard, and I honour your decision," said Hazlehurst, warmly.	"Jenny is no great letter-writer; and she is very busy enjoying her year in Paris, I suppose.	"Of course, I know more about the hospitals.	"He seems to be very talented, in every way; formed to figure in fashionable life, as well as in business.	Madame de Bessieres was the widow of a distinguished emigre, and had passed a long exile with her husband in America.	I suppose you see him often, in town."	"Oh, that's a pity; I am really sorry, for I wanted you to be of our party; only I couldn't have you run away with my friend Jane.	The doctor shook his head.	They had an old family friend in Paris, an excellent woman, who was in every way qualified to redeem the promises she had given, of soon making them feel at home in France.	asked her father.	"I must let them know at Longbridge," he thought, "what a sensation Jane is making.	I hope Bruno behaves well, and remembers that it is now his chief duty to devote himself to your service."	"Oh, no; Adeline can't endure her.	You must not steal a single flower, mind."	Her aunt answered only by her caresses, silently pressing her lips upon Elinor's forehead.	said his wife.	"I have no doubt the fellow will outlive half-a-dozen such fits.	But she cannot get rid of her entirely, because they meet in the country.	Now it so happened that neither Mrs. Bibbs nor Mrs. Tibbs, though such fascinating ladies, had ever seen, tasted, or heard of boned turkey before.	The real estate is mostly in Carolina and Philadelphia.	Miss Agnes made an effort to say good evening, in her usual tone; and Harry replied that he was very glad to find they were to be in Philadelphia for the winter, words which were as far from the truth as possible.	"May this be so?"	It is a weakness, my child, and yet I regret you should suffer from this disadvantage; rest assured, that in every little mortification to which you may be exposed, your mother, had she lived, would have felt with you.	"I had no idea you were attached to any one--had you, Robert?"	Not here, at home, where everybody knows me, but at large parties in town, last winter."	"What has become of your patient, doctor?"	"Was it an effort?	Of course, Harry was grateful for this preference, and after a while he even began to look upon the excessive devotion of one or two of her admirers, as impertinence on their part.	Mrs. Hilson, however, was the most distinguished of the two, for she carried the family follies several degrees farther than Miss Emmeline.	The occurrence of the morning, hastened his determination to bring matters to a conclusion.	He supposed the good taste with which she was dressed must have some effect; but it seemed as if her beauty were now in its perfection.	Miss Wyllys said that she knew nothing of Jane's feelings; but that the manner of both Jane and Harry had struck her several times as singular; though now but too easily accounted for.	He felt the fact, if he did not reason on the discovery, that beauty in the very highest degree, carries with it--we do not say the expression--but the stamp of dignity, and even of intelligence.	An observer, at a first glance, wonders that so much cleverness should be wasted in mere imitation; but it is, after all, the simple result of the position of the country.	"Oh dear, no!	"Very," said Harry, laughing.	"Pa thinks we shall have some difficulty in getting boned turkey at this season; it is rather early; but I am determined to have it if money can procure it.	"Is not this rather a sudden move, Harry?"