That class of women, and other degraded classes of the ignorant and unprincipled, will always be ready to sell their votes many times over--to either party, to both parties, to the highest bidder, in short.	To this principle suffrage itself is subordinate.	Observe how much has already been done in this sense for the instruction of the woman of our country.	And how is it with our homes--how fares it with American women in the family circle?	But all these individual cases, whether political or religious, have been exceptional.	It is something far better than the world, than Vanity Fair, than the Court of Mammon, where all selfish passions meet and parade in deceptive masquerade.	Education is of far more importance than the suffrage, which is eventually subject to it, controlled by it.	It is asserted that to disqualify half the race from voting is an abuse entirely inconsistent with the first principles of American politics.	A third reason is also given for this proposed change in our political constitution.	In every Christian country there are many individuals, especially among women, to whom social life practically bears that meaning.	Now, to speak frankly--and being as yet untrammeled by political aspirations, we fearlessly do so--as regards this flag of progress, we know it to be a very popular bit of bunting; but to the eye of common-sense it is grievously lacking in consistency.	For her own sake, for the sake of all she loves, for the sake of her country, for the service of Christ and His Church, she is bound to uphold this standard at a high point--a point entirely above suspicion.	At least the great majority of men, nominal Christians, fail to carry Christian principle with them into common business or politics.	Of all generations that have lived on earth, our own is assuredly the most enlightened, in an intellectual sense; mental culture has never been so generally diffused as it is to-day, nor has it ever achieved so many conquests as within the last half century; and yet mark how comparatively little has this wonderful intellectual progress accomplished in the noble work of improving the moral condition of the most enlightened countries.	We already know, for instance, from daily observation and actual experience, that, as a general rule, the kindness and consideration of American men have been great, both in public and in private life.	1.C.	SECONDLY.	We proceed to the third point.	At such times they can parade a degree of unreasoning prejudice, of passionate hatred, of blind fury, even beyond what man can boast of.	Thus far, or at least until very recently, those duties of wife and mother have been generally performed conscientiously.	Take, then, the sketch of social life as it appears in some half dozen of the most popular prints from week to week.	But there is one temptation to which they too often yield.	Catherine of Russia, though most unworthy as a woman, had a force of intellectual ability quite beyond dispute, and which made itself felt in every department of her government.	Let them state their views, their needs, their demands, in conscientiously written papers.	It is asserted that the entire sex would be greatly elevated in intellectual and moral dignity by such a course; and that the effect on the whole race would therefore be most advantageous, as the increased influence of woman in public affairs would purify politics, and elevate the whole tone of political life.	The citadel we are urged to storm was built by the hand of God.	[2] (FOOTNOTE by SFC} [2] In connection with this point of moral qualification we venture to ask a question.	Undoubtedly, the very great majority of women are born modest at heart.	There has been a readiness to listen to their requests, to redress grievances, to make changes whenever these have become necessary or advisable.	It is also an error to suppose that among the claimants for suffrage single women are the most numerous or the most clamorous.	Then, again, as regards that talisman, the vote, we have but one answer to make.	They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.	The finer tact, the more graceful manner, the quicker wit, the more tender conscience, are all needed here.	A LETTER TO THE CHRISTIAN WOMEN OF AMERICA.	To the great majority of American women these duties are especially absorbing, owing to the difficulty of procuring paid subordinates, well qualified for the tasks they undertake.	The really critical point with regard to the present position of women in America is the question of work and wages.	To go into all the details which might be drawn together from the statute books of the different States of the Union bearing on this point, and to do them full justice, would require volumes.	We are gravely told by philosophers that, with the vote in the hands of woman, the moral elevation of the race is secured forever!	And where there is life, there we have hope of growth, of higher development.	"Out of the heart are the issues of life."	It is the grand movement toward the Divine Will, working out all things for eventual good.	Give your son, as he grows up, a gun and a vote; he will delight in both.	That difference lasts through life.	Such, until very recently, has been the general current of public feeling, the general tendency of public action, in America.	In the very powerful influences which affection gives them over the home, by teaching childhood, by guiding youth, over the men of their family, women have noble means for working good, not only to their own households, not only to the social circle about them, but to the nation at large.	THE INALIENABLE NATURAL RIGHT OF WOMAN TO VOTE; AND IMPERATIVELY SO IN A COUNTRY WHERE UNIVERSAL SUFFRAGE IS A GREAT POLITICAL PRINCIPLE.	The advocates of female suffrage must, therefore, abandon the claim of inalienable right.	We Americans are just as much given to idolatry as any other people.	Man learns from them not to exaggerate his superiority--a lesson very often needed.	See paragraph 1.C below.	To all right-minded women the duties connected with home are most imperative, most precious, most blessed of all, partaking as they do of the spirit of religious duty.	Certainly it is not in the least worth while to risk a tremendous social revolution in behalf of this minority of the sex.	Choose any one real, existing abuse as a test of the honesty and the liberality of American men toward the women of the country, and we all know before-hand what shall be the result.	And whatever of social action or social enjoyment is not inconsistent with those two great commandments becomes the Christian's heritage, makes a part, more or less important, of his education, enters into the great stream of the better civilization.	There is generally more than one influence at work in all public movements of importance.	How they may act when women stand before them, armed CAP-A-PIE, and prepared to demand legislation at the point of the bayonet, can not yet be known.	Fifty women, known to be thieves and prostitutes, will hold, at a moderate calculation, say two hundred votes.	The time has come when it is necessary that all sensible and conscientious men and women should make up their minds clearly on a subject bearing upon the future condition of the entire race.	And we have the highest of all authority for believing that this last is the most efficient mode of working.	Here we have the reason for this movement as advanced by its advocates.	Men are born politicians; just as they are born masons, and carpenters, and soldiers, and sailors.	Faith, in the heart of women, is connected with love; consequently it is less easily stifled.	The undisguised frauds at elections, the open accusations of bribery in legislative assemblies, the accusations of corruption connected with still higher offices--of these we read daily in the public prints.	It has its limits.	The degraded women will be there by the scores, as tools of men, enjoying both the importance of the hour, the fun, and THE PAY.	They are quite ready to acknowledge the truth of the assertion in a general way, but they choose to forget its vast importance in political or commercial practice.	In its best aspects social life may be said to be the natural outgrowth of the Christian home.	Let their loves and jealousies be carried on elsewhere than in the college halls.	These limits are marked out by plain justice and common-sense.	Here we find ourselves in a peculiar position.	They are either national, relating to color, political, mental, educational, connected with a property qualification, connected with sex, connected with minority of years, or they are moral in their nature.	And is it indeed true that this grand work can effectually be brought about by the one step we are now urged to take?	No one legislative act has ever been so widely comprehensive in its results for good as they declare that this act shall be.	From this record of daily crime it is only too clear that universal suffrage has had no power to purify the society in which we live.	In fact, every true woman instinctively does so, whatever be the roof that covers her head.	Probably nine out of ten of those American women who have trifled with honor and reputation, whose names are spoken with the sneer of contempt, have been led on, step by step, in the path of sin by vanity as the chief motive.	Let it be understood, once for all, that the champions of widows and single women are very much given to talking and writing absurdly on this point.	Yes, we have here one of the few real grievances of which American women have a just right to complain.	The authority for appointing a guardian otherwise than by the courts is derived from the Revised statutes, p. 1, title 3, chapter 8, part 2, and that passage gives the power to the father only.	There is absolutely no principle so sorely needed in the civilized world to-day as this.	If that education is a highly advanced one she will, no doubt, have some special difficulties to contend against; but those difficulties are not insurmountable.	The flag waving over that citadel is the flag of the Cross.	We are prepared for them.