"Why, you showed me the inside of your smoke-house; which, to my notion, wasn't just the right berth for the son of your old friend, and I took the liberty of kicking off the hatches next morning, and making the best of my way out of the neighbourhood."	I feel perfectly indifferent as to who comes or goes; I can never take any more pleasure in society!"	At church, with Mr. Reed.	We give Harry's letter to Mr. Clapp.	Your grandfather is advanced in years, and my health warns me not to expect a long life.	"If he had called it the Colonnade, that would have been at least descriptive and appropriate; but he tacked on the Manor, which had neither rhyme nor reason to recommend it."	Hazlehurst was silent.	It was endorsed, in Clapp's hand, "STATEMENT OF MR. STANLEY, PREPARED AT THE REQUEST OF HIS FATHER'S EXECUTOR," and ran as follows: "July 1st, 183-.	Uncle Dozie turned round, saw the volume, picked it up, and thrust it in his pocket.	There is nothing like coquetry about her; I am convinced she thinks highly of you."	"You have known me all your life, from the time you were a child," added Miss Patsey, taking her cousin's passive hand in her own; "and I ask, if you have ever known me to deceive you by an untruth?"	If Hazlehurst expected Mr. Clapp to betray confusion, he was disappointed.	"My brother has a very poor opinion of my abilities, Miss Wyllys; because I have no children of my own, he fancies that I cannot manage his little girl."	"Certainly; and I request you will not mention the facts I shall relate, to any one, for some time; not until we have taken the necessary legal steps."	"Within the last year or two, I have lost all confidence in his honesty, from facts known to me."	I have numbers of letters in my hands, answers to those I had written with the hope of learning something more positive on the subject.	"Excuse me; I had much rather not."	"Oh, the lady has not anything to bestow in this case; it is the gentleman, who is very wealthy, and doing a very handsome business in New York."	On the other hand were the defendants, Mr. Wyllys, Hazlehurst, Ellsworth, and Mr. Grant, a distinguished lawyer of Philadelphia, appearing more particularly for Mrs. Stanley; they were also supported by witnesses of their own.	"What do you say, young ladies?"	"Ah, I see you are joking, Aunt; you half frightened me at first.	"Is she aware of your feelings?"	Not that the lady neglected Mr. Stryker--by no means; she was very capable of managing two affairs of the kind at the same moment.	Remember, that I should consider it a duty to assist you, in any pecuniary difficulties which might result from a defeat."	asked the lady's brother.	"I don't say that, husband; but it seems to me that we have never yet thought enough of the temptations of riches, more especially to young people, to young men--above all, when it comes so sudden as it did to our poor boy.	"Who is that man, William?"	"I don't expect to be well cooled, sir, until we get to St. Petersburgh.	His general view was chiefly legal; occasionally, however, he introduced short and impressive remarks on the general aspect of the case, and the particular character of the most suspicious facts presented by the plaintiff; he was severe upon Mr. Clapp, showing a shrewd and thorough knowledge of the man, and the legal species to which he belonged.	"You must certainly get up an exhibition, and add several of your American pictures to those you have just brought home."	"I will take the responsibility, sir, of answering other observations of Mr. Wyllys's," replied Mr. Reed.	"Well, we shall see, mother; at any rate, Mary and I together, we shall be able to make your life easy, I trust."	"There are always silly and ignorant people to be met with everywhere," remarked Harry; "but the difference lies in the general character of the circle, which is not often so insipid and so puerile in Europe."	The charms of a parterre are daily be-rhymed in verse, and vaunted in prose, but the beauties of a vegetable garden seldom meet with the admiration they might claim.	No, he acquitted Mrs. Stanley of all blame; she had been influenced and guided by the two gentlemen before him.	"It is the prettiest little hat I have had these three years; it would be distressing to have it spoilt before it has lost its freshness."	"William often laughs at me, though, and says my opinion is not good for much," said the sister, shaking her head, but smiling prettily at the same time.	"I suppose they will live in the city, as he is so wealthy; Mary will have an opportunity of tasting the fascinations of high life.	"Do you suppose I would marry a man of two-or-three-and-twenty!"	It was evident that the lady was extremely interested in Hazlehurst's difficulties; she was constant in her inquiries as to the progress of affairs, and listened anxiously to the many different prognostics as to the result.	"Certainly," replied Harry; who was evidently somewhat prepared for the disclosure.	Time and again have I known him tell falsehoods when he got into a scrape; many is the time he has coaxed and teased, till he got us children into mischief--he was a great tease, you know--" "Not more so than most boys," interposed the doctor.	It seemed that Mr. Henley, like most old bachelors, regretted not having married; though he thought that his habits had all become too confirmed, to make it worth while to attempt a change.	Generally, vanity is looked upon as merely a harmless weakness, whose only penalty is ridicule; but examine its true character, and you will find it to be one of the most dangerous, and at the same time one of the most contemptible failings of humanity.	We are obliged to leave the ladies for the present, and follow Hazlehurst to his tete-a-tete dinner with Mr. Henley.	Mrs. Creighton, with her brother, who were already engaged to meet some friends there, urged Elinor very much to join them; but she declined, not wishing to leave Jane.	He had left his father, left his home, left his friends in a fit of reckless folly, but when he meets with the name of the parent from whom he is estranged, in an American paper, in a distant land, he cuts the paragraph from the sheet, and it is carefully preserved among his precious things, during many succeeding years of hardships, and of wrongs.	He advanced and looked over, and to his unspeakable amazement, saw his brother, James Hubbard, busily engaged there, in collecting the scattered vegetables which had fallen from his basket.	"Mrs. Lawson told me that he used to pass half his time at your father's house, and kindly offered to assist me, as far as lay in her power; and I look upon myself as doubly fortunate in finding you here to-day.	"We shall have ten times more fun at Rockaway; Colonnade Manor was the stupidest place in creation; we were often a whole day without seeing a beau!"	"I shall believe you; for I make it a point of always believing what is agreeable."	"Certainly; that would be an extremely ridiculous notion."	Brown hair and hazel eyes are another common feature in American beauty.	The bare possibility that Mr. Stanley's son might be living, determined Mrs. Stanley and Hazlehurst to pursue this course; although Mr. Wyllys, who had not a doubt on the subject from the first, had felt no scruple in considering the claimant as an impostor.	"Only too agreeable," replied Mr. Stryker, as he helped the lady to dismount, while Mr. Ellsworth performed the same service to Elinor.	"Emeute?	But at length a very important witness in his favour was accidentally thrown in his way: at the end of his cruise he came to me again, and I confess I was astounded at the evidence he then laid before me.	The vessel was bound to Stockholm, where she carried young Stanley's shipmate; from there he went to St. Petersburgh, where he met with the brother who related his story to Hazlehurst, and both soon after enlisted in the Russian navy.	said Mrs. Creighton.	The principal orator of the evening, Mr. Strong, then came forward; he made a speech of some length, and one that was very impressive.	Miss Agnes looked a little annoyed, a little mortified, and a little amused.	Having taken some refreshments, Mr. Reed, his brother counsel, and their client now made their bows, and left the house.	I am ashamed of you!	"In such a case I should certainly warn you, my dear.	"The letter of the father to his erring son, is not the only testimony we shall produce from the pocket-book of my client, gentlemen."	"Certainly; I was very glad to hear it: the conversation you interrupted was a very trifling one."	Charlie changed colour, and hastily denied any claim to be called a portrait-painter.	The attention of the two gentlemen was not, however, entirely engrossed by Mrs. Creighton.	{"Bloomingdale" = a fashionable and still rural area of Manhattan Island, though technically part of New York City} Elinor read this note with a doubtful smile, which seemed to say she was half-amused, half-provoked by it.	There appeared no reason to doubt that Elinor would, ere long, marry Ellsworth; she herself certainly liked him, and her friends very evidently favoured his suit.	The simplest language I can choose, will best express the force of facts so painful.	'Uncle Dozie, of all men!'	{sic} {William Shakespeare, "Richard III", II.iv.39} THE Petrel was a very pretty little schooner, pronounced a crack craft by the knowing ones.	"So I'm told.	As far as the hand-writing goes, I must confess, that I should have admitted it at once, as identical, under ordinary circumstances."	No man in his senses would have forged a document which could be so easily disproved, and both Mr. Wyllys and Hazlehurst were evidently perplexed by it, while Mrs. Stanley showed an increase of nervous agitation.	Mr. Grant dwelt particularly upon the suspicious appearance of the facts connected with the volume of the Spectator, and the pocket-book, both of which he admitted to have belonged to William Stanley originally; and he seemed to manage the difference in temper and capacity more effectually than Mr. Ellsworth had done.	"The connexion, Mr. Wyllys, was the commencement of what has been completed recently.	"So long as we have the important items of good guns, good marksmen, and real wild-game, we need not find fault," said Harry.	"With a thousand kind messages to your grandfather and Miss Wyllys, I remain as ever, my dear young friend, "Yours, most devotedly and partially, "ARABELLA HUNTER."	"Delightful!"	{William Shakespeare, "As You Like It", II.vii.87 or III.iv.46} THERE was to be a Temperance meeting at Longbridge, one of more importance than usual, as a speaker of note was to be heard on the occasion.	He also expressed a wish that an easy allowance, according to Mrs. Stanley's discretion, should be given, after the age of one-and-twenty, to his son, or to Harry, whichever were to prove his heir; on condition that the recipient should pursue some regular profession or occupation, of a respectable character.