Mrs. H---- became very desirous of procuring for her eldest son a cornetcy in the regiment once commanded by his father; as she was now too poor to purchase, the matter required management and negotiation.	I volunteered however to procure instead, something from a Cherokee friend of mine, the editor of a newspaper.	William Pitt = either William Pitt "the Elder" (1708-1778) or William Pitt "the Younger" (1759-1806), both British Prime Ministers.	Sir John, a noted follower in the steps of Horace Walpole, had no sooner become the owner of this interesting letter, than he set to work to find out its origin, and to fill up its history.	He was still a handsome man, and knew very well that the dress of an eastern aymeer was particularly well suited to his face and figure.	As for myself, I was also on the wing, and left London about the same time.	By his will, the MS. life of Otway with all his papers, passed into the hands of his brother, an officer in the army.	Then again, the subject of extreme want is one of general interest, while the allusion to the unpublished poem must always prove an especial attraction to the curious.	Of course I was very happy to do so, and replied by some remarks on the recent success of her friends in a parliamentary measure, just then decided--Lady Holberton being a distinguished politician.	There was something anxious and hesitating in her manner, which attracted my attention.	Suffice it to declare that the young man received his commission, through the influence of Lady Holberton, in a high military quarter, while the Lumley Autograph was placed on a distinguished leaf of that lady's velvet-bound, jewel-clasped album.	You see the signature."	"You are very obliging.	If the reader is partial to details of misery, and poverty, any volume of general literary biography will furnish him with an abundant supply, for such has too often proved the lot of those who have built up the noble edifice of British Literature: like the band of laborers on the Egyptian pyramid, theirs was too often a mess of leeks, while milk, and honey, and oil, were the portion of those for whom they toiled, those in whose honor, and for whose advantage the monument was raised.	I shrunk from committing myself, however; declaring that I would as soon engage to procure a billet-doux from Prester John.	And justly might the Lumley Letter claim a full share of literary homage.	Strange that any man in his senses should hold such an opinion--yet the Butlerites number strong, some of them are respectable people, too; more's the pity that such should be the case.	But although his attentions were received, yet nothing could afford full consolation.	After this first stage on the road to fame, twenty more years passed away and the letter of the starving poet was again forgotten.	"Well, poor journeyman as I be, I was never yet in so bad a way as that, sir."	Mr. T---- was also preparing for an excursion to Germany; and he was suspected of vacillating in his Butlerite views, brought over by Lady Holberton's tears and logic.	His mother's name was Butler, and he claimed some sort of affinity with the author of Hudibras; as the Christian name of the poor poet had been almost entirely devoured by the ants, while the surname had also suffered here and there, Sir John ingeniously persuaded himself that what remained had clearly belonged to the signature of the great satirist; as for the date, the abbreviation of "Nov.	At length, all other means failing, at the end of a month, it was proposed that two persons, mutual friends of Lady Holberton and Miss Rowley, should call on the latter lady, and appeal privately to her sense of honor, to restore the autograph if it were actually in her possession.	Another guest, Miss Rowley, also a collecting celebrity, was sitting opposite, and turned so pale at the moment, that I was on the point of officiously recommending a glass of water.	"Why yes--you seem to manage the job very well; and I have a trunk, by the bye, that wants patching up before my boy carries it off with him; I'll send it round to you; Hopkins.	"Yes, where an autograph is concerned, Theodosia Rowley has all the principle of a Magpie."	The learned tutor made a thousand apologies, as he descended the ladder, but on touching the floor his delight burst forth.	{opened to the civilized world = following the so-called Opium War, Britain had in 1842 forced China to open trade with her} I was obliged to admit my inability to do so; and at the same moment the collecting instincts of Lady Holberton and Mr. T----, drew their attention to the corner where Miss Rowley and myself were conversing; as they moved toward us, Miss Rowley pocketed her list, throwing herself upon my honor not to betray the deficiencies in her role d'equipage, or the collecting negociations just opened between us.	From thence they soon spread to the four winds of heaven, falling on combustible materials wherever they lighted on a literary head, or collecting hands.	In looking over the MSS., he came to the life of Otway, and was struck with the letter given there, never having met with it in print; there was also a note appended to it with an account of the manner in which it had been discovered by the editor, in the library of Lord G----, and affirming that it was still in his own possession.	"I see you do not credit this," continued the lady.	"I never had a doubt as to our success in the house, last night--no; rather wish me joy that I have at last triumphed in a negotiation of two years standing.	repeated the young lady to a charming sister, near her; while on my left I had the satisfaction of hearing some gratifying remarks from Mr. T----, as to the state of civilization in my native country, as shown by such a fact.	Chatterton committed suicide at the age of 18 when a poem of his, allegedly by Rowley, was rejected; he was buried in a pauper's grave.	"Yes, I am exceedingly curious to see it."	What a fearful state of things would ensue, even in our day, were the supply to be reduced but a quire!	Mr. Lumley's delight at this discovery, was very much increased by the fact that he was at that moment anxious to bring out an edition of the English Tragedians of the seventeenth century.	Much sympathy was felt for the afflicted lady; even Miss Rowley called often to condole, but she was never admitted.	Now here was a little tit-bit which the public would doubtless relish; for it was beginning to feel some interest in Otway's starvation, the poet having been dead half a century.	"So you think this trumpery will do, D----?"	I'll tell you what, my good friend," said the doctor, suddenly, "that letter is worth keeping, and you may paste it in the trunk I'll send round this afternoon--put it in the lid, where it can be read."	"He is called Uncle Sam, I believe."	But it is that, Mr. Howard, which has interested me in your favor--you have so much naivete, and ignorance of the moral turpitude of the old world, that I feel convinced you never could be guilty of such an action yourself."	This plan was finally agreed on; but the very day it was to have been carried into execution, Miss Rowley left town for an excursion in Finland.	Lady Holberton is not a little proud of her Vidocq; but I have obtained one far superior to hers, one addressed to myself so piquant and gallant too.	The Lumley Autograph is mine, Mr. Howard!	Dr. H----, who, as we have observed, was rather eccentric in his ways, had a son about to commence his career as a soldier; and the worthy man thought the letter might teach the youth a useful lesson of moderation and temperance, by showing him every time he opened his trunk, the extreme of want to which his fellow beings were occasionally reduced.	My neighbor, the Butlerite, gave a contemptuous shrug, but I paid him no attention, preferring to coincide with the soft eyes on my right, rather than dispute with the learned spectacles to the left.	Is this the way you preserve your family archives?"	But stay--what's this?"	"Perhaps you correspond also with some rowdies, Mr. Howard?	and the doctor took up a soiled, yellow sheet of paper, from the heap rejected by the workman; it contained a scrawl which proved to be the identical letter of the poor poet, the Lumley autograph, though in what manner it became mingled with that heap of rubbish has never been satisfactorily ascertained.	"Oh dear--not like Lady Holberton's of course--hers is quite unique--so full of nice odd things.	I find a few wanting under the American head--perhaps a hundred or two."	The library at G---- was searched most carefully by a couple of brother book-worms, who crept over it from cornice to carpeting; but to no purpose.	My friend was indignant!"	"Really!	At his death, a few years since, it passed into the hands of his daughter, the widow of Colonel H----; and it will be readily imagined that although the main question is still as much undecided as ever, yet the value of the document itself has been immeasurably increased by a controversy of twenty years standing, on its merits.	The identity of this letter, with that copied by Mr. Lumley, immediately suggested itself; and now the first sparks of controversy between the Otwaysians and the Butlerites were struck in Sir John's library.	"On one point, however, I have carried the day, Mr. Howard.	"Your lordship's most humble,   "Most obedient, most grateful servant,     --------  --------" This letter, scarcely legible from the agitation and misery which enfeebled the hand that wrote it, was folded, and directed, and again the writer left his garret lodging on the errand of beggary; he descended the narrow stairway, slowly dragged his steps through the lane, and sought the dwelling of his patron.	Tears came into the poor child's eyes when she found what awaited her, and I may as well observe at once that this young girl proved to be the daughter of a poor bed-ridden artisan of Clapham, who had seen better days, but was then in great want.	Could you oblige me with a rowdy letter?"	Suddenly he paused, and his antiquarian instincts were aroused by the sight of a sheet of paper, yellow and time worn.	Lady Holberton smiled through her tears, as she assured me that the police, old and new, had been enlisted in her service an hour after the discovery of her loss, while communications had been opened with the municipal governments of Brussels, Paris, and Vienna, on the same subject.	As we have already observed, the controversy began in the library of Sir John Blank, and it continued throughout the life-time of that excellent and well-known collector.	But I need not add that these marks of age and harsh treatment, like the scars on the face of a veteran, far from being blemishes, were acknowledged to be so many additional embellishments.	"Remember that it was only the other day that ---- lost his invaluable album; remember that last winter Madame de ---- had all her notes on botanical subjects stolen from her own portfolio--and I could mention a dozen instances of the same wickedness."	{Gilbert = Nicolas Gilbert (1751-1780), French poet, who died in Paris at the age of 29.	The book, grazing the curls of the young lord's wig, he sprang up from his nap, alive and sound, though somewhat startled.	Whatever might have been the fact, it was clear at least that Lady Holberton's opinion was now unalterably made up.	Reflect for a moment on the probable condition of distinguished authors, lions of the loudest roar, if the number of autograph-hunters were to increase beyond what it is at present.	It is true that he has some private grounds for believing that a dispassionate inquiry might lead one to doubt whether Otway or Butler ever saw the Lumley autograph; but what of that, who has time or inclination for dispassionate investigation in these stirring days!	I was only too happy to be presented.	Some consolation, however, appeared to be derived from the assiduous attentions of Mr. T----, who personally admired Lady Holberton; at least he professed to do so, though some persons accused him of interested views, and aiming at her album rather than herself.	{paix platree = patched-up peace (French)} On the occasion of the presence in London of two illustrious royal travelers, Lady Holberton gave a large party.	I inquired from the English friend with whom I was riding, if there was any probability of a change of ministry?	August 20 fell on a Tuesday in 1844 and 1850} "Please, sir, is it true that they pay money for old letters at this place?"	As for the full merits of the controversy so hotly waged over the Lumley autograph between the Otwaysians and the Butlerites, dividing the collecting world into two rival parties, we shall not here enter into it.	After dinner when we had done full justice to the bill of fare, concluding with pines, grapes, and Newtown pippins, we were all gratified with a sight of the poor poet's letter, by way of bonne bouche.	There is still much doubt and uncertainty connected with the subsequent fate of the poor poet, but the note written at that painful moment has had a brilliant career, a history eventful throughout.	"How very obliging of you, Mr. Howard.	It so happened that I dined at Holberton-House on the eventful day upon which the Lumley letter changed owners.