This is necessary for more than one reason.	The best kind of example of the laughable for Kant’s purpose would seem to be something odd and fantastic in dress or manners.	[195] Solemn ceremony with its severe demands will be apt, when its meaning is hidden, to provoke in savages and in children alike a keen desire for the relief of a laugh.	[139] It is only fair to say that travellers themselves have not been so foolish as to uphold this view.	This view has been spurned by Macaulay, in a well-known Essay, as subversive of morals.	Again, its utterance differs in tone from the old brutal and contemptuous shout.	I struck the Tar Baby Stories in the Lower Congo”.	In this descent of fashion from higher to lower ranks we see a mutual modification of fashion and permanent custom.	[249] One may instance the merry-makings at the harvest and vintage festivals out of {291} which Greek comedy took its rise, and the rollicking fun of the multitude at fairs and festivals during the Middle Ages.	It suggests how large a part of human hilarity is nothing but a kind of surface resonance, as empty of ideas as the infectious yawn or cough.	It teaches us that a sentiment, at once complex and implying a mature reflection, must not be looked for in the young; it is the prerogative of the years which have hoarded experiences and learned to reflect.	cit._, chap.	The eagerness of persons to be in the van of the movement will of itself produce a crop of ludicrous aspects: for the first sudden appearance of a large and capturing novelty, say in a high-branded bonnet or manner of speech, brings to us something of the delightful gaiety which the sight of the clown brings to a child.	31 ff.	The simplicity of a child’s mind only impresses us in relation to our own grown-up and complex ways of thinking.	This has been illustrated in the preceding chapter, and a word or two more may suffice to make it clear.	The scurrility of the early Greek comedy led to its being discountenanced by Pisistratus.	He laughed out loudly at first, then waxed tender, saying in a pitiful tone, “Poor Gee-gee,” and so swung from the one emotional attitude to the other.	The play both of animals and of children is largely pretence, that is to say, the production of a semblance of an action of serious life, involving some consciousness of its illusory character.	Their laughter may well indicate the fact that for them an undisguised reference to what we insist on hiding up has in it nothing improper; that they are just within sight of the stadium of culture at which convention begins to brand such references as obscene.	It is the expression of a keen enjoyment of the triumphs of the game.	It shows, however, the early connection between laughter and agreeable surprise, that is to say, a mild shock, which, though it borders on the alarming, is on the whole gladdening.	It is difficult to describe.	[129] When the consciousness of the unruly in these “high jinks” becomes distinct and begins to be oppressive, the laughter will be less boisterous and express more of playful pretence.	239, 291.	[134] Ruth’s laughter at the mother’s face was certainly very early.	It is worth adding that Ruth reached her third performance eleven days later.	[173] Sproat, _Scenes and Studies of Savage Life_ (1868), p. 51.	The Londoner may delight his country listener with his misunderstandings of {105} what to the latter seems perfectly self-explanatory.	This growing gleefulness seemed to be the outcome of new expansions of the pleasurable consciousness, of a pure “Lebenslust”.	In the laughter excited by the indecent we have noted a trace of the laughter of “sudden glory” and of what I have called nervous laughter.	These extensions on the one hand and limitations on the other are clearly meant to safeguard the Hobbesian principle against the attacks to which it so dangerously exposes itself.	In spite of these sinister indications, an eye patient in search may descry others which point to the persistence of a wholesome laughter.	Since a humorist is characterised by a certain depth and range of sympathy, he is not likely to accept the optimist’s easy way of getting rid of the sufferings of humanity.	Much care is needed in the interpretation of such expressive reactions.	These things obviously have in them what should appeal to our seriousness: they come up for judgment as pitiable, as regrettable, often as distinctly culpable.	Monatshefte_, Bd.	When an enforced attitude, difficult to maintain for the required length of time, brings on the impulse, this will gather strength from the growth of a feeling of apprehension lest we should not be equal to the test imposed.	[225] Macdonald, _op.	The observer who can contemplate thoughtfully, enjoys the fall also, but more quietly and with a larger process of mental assimilation.	Tickling may be said to be a sort of mild pretence at clawing.	I believe that those whose experience best qualifies them to judge will say that this is so.	A boy, already alluded to, aged about one and a half year, laughed as his aunt asked him what the waves, which he was gravely observing, were saying.	Ruth’s voicing of merriment, in the thirteenth month, on having a new pair of mittens put on her, was largely an outburst of joy, though some dim sense of the oddity of the thing probably combined with this.	Barrow, Isaac, 419.	This laughter at new visual and aural presentations was followed, according to Preyer, between the sixth and the {169} ninth week by a laughter more distinctly joyous or jubilant, as the child regarded his mother’s face and appeared to recognise it.	The newspaper, fully alive to the value of things new, gives welcome to the self-revelations of human folly, perverted ingenuity, and uncontrollable vanity.	{132} Even if we adopt this amended form of Schopenhauer’s theory, we find that it is not sufficient for explaining his examples.	The plain man, to whom philosophic speculation presents itself as something remote from all human interests as he conceives of them, may well receive a shock when he hears that it holds potentialities of a smile at least, if not of a laugh—for the person who engages in the occupation, that is to say, and not merely for him who looks on.	As Prof. P. Gardner remarks, “Tyrants have no sense of humour, and dread ridicule” (_Greek Antiquities_, p. 666).	His answer to Lamb, that recollections of morality do steal now and then into this fantastic world, does not touch the latter’s main contention, and only shows (so far as it is just) that the creators were not perfect architects, and tried to combine incompatible styles.	Yet we may easily go wrong here, doing an offence to our gay enchantress by taking her words too seriously.	According to this view, the function of laughter is to accompany and give voice to what may be called the derogatory impulse in man, his tendency to look {120} out for and to rejoice over what is mean and undignified.	It seems not unlikely that this consideration, the utility of laughter as a guarantee to a playful challenger that his overtures will be received in the proper spirit, applies to the evolution of all laughter which enters into such forms of social play as the pretence to attack, to frighten, and generally what we call good-natured teasing.	{330} How far humour will help a man in throwing off troubles one cannot say.	[289] Yet the part taken by woman in the dialogue is exceedingly small.	The same applies to mirthful activity.	The fusion of tones leaves much to be desired in the case of many writers who are popularly regarded as skilled humorists.	It seems certain that, with the progress of civilisation, men and women have grown more complex and more varied, both intellectually and morally, and further that the interest in character and the capability of understanding it have developed concurrently.	Yet again, the fine impartiality of the god of laughter, to whom, since mankind for the greater part is other than wise, the difference of the many and the few may hardly count, occasionally gives the despised minority its chance; for minorities do sometimes represent ideas which are born for sovereignty.	Thus, some of the natives of the Western Pacific have a regular masquerade performed before the King, into which may enter a histrionic representation of a British sailor with his cutlass, acted by a leading buffoon, who combines with the _rôle_ of a “premier” the “fool’s” privilege of breaking through the strict laws of decorum by pointing to the King and asking ironically if that was the King—amid shouts of laughter.	[240] Wright, _op.	A child when cross will not, says Dr. L. Hill, give genial response, even if the attacker be his familiar tickler, father or nurse; and the same is true, he adds, of a child when suffering from vaccination, or when mentally preoccupied with some hurt for which he is seeking for sympathy, or with a story which he wants you to tell him.	These irrelevances make a large contribution to the lighter enjoyment of social intercourse.	Lastly, it will be by tracing the evolution of laughter in the human community that we shall best approach the problem of the ideal which should regulate this somewhat unruly impulse of man.	In philosophic humour, touched on in our survey of the laughable in literature, this antagonism seems at first sight to be particularly sharp.	The differentiation of industrial and other employments, such as those of countryman and townsman, of landsman and seaman, of soldier and civilian, serve to develop new centres of concerted laughter, and new points of attack.	In the case of Ruth, we are told that the fit of jollity broke out, on one or two occasions, upon “instantaneous relief from great general discomfort”.	To bring it into the region of human affairs smacks of a juvenile confidence which has not begun to define its logical boundaries.	Yet, since the later evolutional psychology has led us to be more generous in recognising in the lower animals something closely similar to our own processes of reasoning, we need not be greatly shocked to hear that it is actually crediting other species than our own with a simple sense of fun, and a characteristic manner of expressing the feeling; that is to say, an utterance answering to our laugh.	[35] Both of these are included by Dr. Richet among the most sensitive parts (_loc.	Although this double way of dividing social groups necessarily leads to overlapping, it seems desirable to adopt it here, so as to give an adequate account of the relation of group-formation to the particular directions of social laughter.	Of course the fun is greater if the foreigner stumbles unwittingly into an observation which tells against himself; as when a German visitor to London, being asked how his wife was, answered, “She is generally lying, and when she is not lying she is swindling,” meaning to say “lying down” and “feeling giddy” (“hat Schwindel”).	[219] Another comic song, heard among some of the aborigines of Australia, took off the bodily peculiarities of some men—presumably of another tribe—in the graceful lines:—     Oh, what legs, oh, what legs!	Where the laughing is not merely a trick played off by the bodily mechanism, but holds a germ of mind in the shape of a happy consciousness, it has its large and significant pauses.	In dealing with the connection between social progress and laughter, we shall need to consider very carefully the attitude which the mirthful spirit takes up towards social changes.	The log rolled and the Englishman fell heavily.	Sainte-Beuve regards Rabelais, who was a grave doctor, and who worthily represented in his public lectures at Lyons “the majesty of science,” as writing with the quite serious purpose of throwing out in advance certain ideas of deep import (_de grand sens_) “dans un rire immense”.	And in the days when society was gay the festive board was doubtless the focus of the activity of the mirthful spirit.	of English Poetry_, vol.	[294] _Spectator_, No.	We have seen that the objects which excite our laughter are things human, or akin to the human.	Such appreciation of the laughable as is possible in the case is rightly called humorous when it accompanies a complex serious attitude which, on the one hand, discerns both the hurtfulness and the pitifulness of the folly that brings the smile, and on the other, makes an effort to hold fast to that which repels and to descry estimable qualities hidden away under it.