The Cretans of to-day (1897), and the men of Thessaly, and of the Morea, and Albanians all, may find a lift of their ambitions and a spur to their courage in Byron’s sacrifice to their old struggle for liberty, and in his magnificent outburst of patriotic song.	But we are all in the agonies of packing.… I suppose by     this hour to-morrow I shall be stuck in the chariot with my chin     upon a band-box.	On that which the poet navigates,     he rises intrepidly as the waves riot around him, and sits     composedly as they subside.…”     “Level the Alps one with another, and where is their sublimity?	I have spoken of the vacant house--family gone: The young Sir Walter Scott, of the British army, and heir to the estate--was at that date (1845) absent in the Indies; and only two years thereafter died at sea on his voyage home.	[30] _Albert Lunel; or The Château of Languedoc._ Lowndes (Bohn) says--“3 vols.	Not by any means a man beyond reproach in his private life, but bringing to those new offices of political guardianship to the young queen only the soundest good-sense and the wisest of advice--thus inspiring in her a trust that was never forfeited.	Thus, in the “Incantation”--thrust into that uncanny work of _Manfred_--with which he was then at labor--he says:     “Though thou seest me not pass by,     Thou shalt feel me with thine eye,     As a thing that, though unseen,     Must be near thee, and hath been;     And when, in that secret dread,     Thou hast turned around thy head,     Thou shalt marvel I am not     As thy shadow on the spot;     And the power which thou dost feel     Shall be what thou must conceal.” _Shelley and Godwin._ Another episode of Byron’s Swiss life was his encounter there, for the first time, with the poet Shelley.	Hucknall-Torkard, 247.	Rose Aylmer, all were thine.	[81] Nor was this the worst of his coarsenesses; he swore--with great ease and pungency.	_Lord Byron a Husband._ As we left him--you will remember--there was a jangle of marriage-bells; and a wearisome jangle it proved.	When we weigh his known worth, his keenness of intellect, his sound judgment, his wealth of language, his love for thoroughness--which led him to remotest sources of information--his amazing power in colloquial discourse, we are astonished at the little store of good things he has left.	1777; d. 1844.	Yesterday a very pretty letter from Annabella [the full name was     Anna Isabella], which I answered.	All this while, the Rev.	Such outreach of rhetoric wants corresponding capacity of brain, and pen-strokes that never swerve or tremble.	“Gebir,” Landor’s, 129.	He lectured, too, before the Royal Institute on poetry; read oratorically and showily--his subject matter being semi-philosophical, with a great air of learning and academically dry; there was excellent system in his discourses, and careful thinking on themes remote from most people’s thought.	[80] Nor did Byron ever know a home which showed no ruin--nor ever know a ruin, into which his verse did not nestle as into a home.	Franklin, Benjamin, 143.	However, three months after this last allusion to Miss Milbanke, we have another entry in his journal, running thus:     “January 16, 1814.	Cockburn, Lord, his account of Jeffrey, 93.	He swayed men; but he rarely taught them, or fed them.	The statement is credited to the author of _The Two Cosmos_.	Trelawney, Byron’s friend, tells a grim story of it all--how the dismal truth was carried to the widowed wife, how the body of the drowned poet was burned upon the shore, with heathen libations of oil and wine; how Byron and Hunt both were present at the weird funeral--the blue Mediterranean lapping peacefully upon the beach and the black smoke lifting in great clouds from the pyre and throwing lurid shadows over the silent company.	It is certain that all the gossips of London had been making prey of this match of the poetic hero of the hour for much time before its consummation.	Lamb, Mary, 169.	[16] But there were very many people in Edinboro’ who had been aggrieved by the appointment--largely, too, among those from whom his pupils would come.	There are exceedingly pretty and delicate passages in it; I quote one or two:     “For leafy was the road with tall array     On either side of mulberry and bay,     And distant snatches of blue hills between;     And there the alder was, with its bright green,     And the broad chestnut, and the poplar’s shoot     That, like a feather, waves from head to foot;     With ever and anon majestic pines;     And still, from tree to tree, the early vines     Hung, garlanding the way in amber lines.	There came, however, out of these journeyings, besides the poem, the stories of _Contarini Fleming_, of _The Young Duke_, and _The Wondrous Tale of Alroy_.	In those stormy times which belonged to the passage of the Reform Bill of 1832, he showed nerve and pluck, and if he split the air pretty often with his oaths, he never offended by a wearying dilettanteism, or by foppery.	[56] More than this, she was mistress of all the pretty and delicate arts of conciliation; had amazing aptitude for accommodating herself to different visitors--flattering men without letting them know they were flattered--softening difficulties, bringing enemies together, magnetizing the most obstinate and uncivil into acquiescence with her rules of procedure.	It must have been a pitiful thing to see this old, white-haired man--past eighty now--homeless, as good as childless, skulking, as it were, in London, just before sailing for the Continent,--appearing suddenly at Forster’s house, seated upon his bed there, with Dickens in presence, mumbling about Latin poetry and its flavors!	Thither went his conclave of political advisers--sometimes Canning, the wonderful orator--sometimes the Duke of Wellington, with the honors of Waterloo upon him--sometimes young Sir Robert Peel, just beginning to make his influence felt; oftener yet, Charles Greville, whose memoirs are full of piquant details about the royal household--not forgetting that army of tailors and hair-dressers who did their best to assuage the misery and gratify the vanities of the gouty king.	Nor harsh, nor grating, though of ample power     To chasten and subdue.	No wonder that old Samuel Rogers, prince of epicures, should love to carry his pinched face and his shrunk shanks into such sunny latitudes.	Was Premier, 1867, 1874-80.	I do not yield to any in admiration for the noble and philanthropic qualities which belong to the venerable, retired statesman of Hawarden; yet I cannot help thinking that if such a firm and audacious executive hand as belonged to Lord Beaconsfield, had--in the season of General Gordon’s stress at Khartoum--controlled the fleets and armies of Great Britain, there would have been quite other outcome to the sad imbroglio in the Soudan.	Nothing can be more sure than that Scott was not a man of great critical learning; nothing is more sure than that he was frequently at fault in minor details; but who will gainsay the fact that he was among the most charming and beneficent of story-tellers?	[35] _Life and Times of Rev.	Every one expected some deprecatory, or propitiatory     introduction of himself and his subject, upon which the mass was to     decide against him, reason or no reason; but he began with a voice     of thunder right into the matter of his lecture, kept     up--unflinchingly and unhesitatingly, without a pause--a flow of     rhetoric such as Dugald Stewart or Dr. Brown, his predecessors,     never delivered in the same place.	The old King is delighted with his niece; the old Queen is a little cool, knowing that the Prince does not care a penny for the bride, and believing that she ought to have found that out.	The impact of that strong, vigorous nature--through his poems--brings, to the average reader, a sense of force, of brilliancy, of personality, of humanity (if gone astray), which exhilarates, which dashes away a thousand wordy memories of wordy verses, and puts in their place palpitating phrases that throb with life.	There are joyfully turned notes--in his journal or in his familiar letters--of “a goose for Michaelmas,” and of “a chine and oysters for Christmas eve,” and “excellent audit ale” on Lord Mayor’s day.	It opens, he said, so many ways of doing kindly things, of making hearts joyful; and--for doctrine, one can always preach Charity!	“From the wreck of the past, which hath perished,       Thus much I at least may recall,     It hath taught me that what I most cherished       Deserved to be dearest of all;     In the desert a fountain is springing,       In the wide waste, there still is a tree,     And a bird in the solitude singing       Which speaks to my spirit of _thee_.” Never was a man pelted away from his native shores with more anathemas; never one in whose favor so few appealing voices were heard.	But say what we may of its lack--there is no weakly maundering; it is the work of a man full-grown, with all his wits active, and his vision clear, and who loved plain sirloins better than the fricandeaux and ragoûts of the artists.	The truth is, he marched into that noose of matrimony as he would have ordered a new suit from his tailor.	reached maturity.	There have been a multitude of lesser poems, and of dramas which have had their inception and their finish on that wild Continental holiday--beginning on _Lac Leman_ and ending at Pisa and Genoa; but his real selfhood--whether of mind or passion--seems to me to come out plainer and sharper in the _Don Juan_ than elsewhere.	CHAPTER VI.	There would be great toil, he said, and mortification at the end; so he lies buried, where we leave him, under a great tumulus of most happy _Review_ writing.	Yet they do not hold place among great and popular essays; not with Macaulay, or Mackintosh, or Carlyle, or even Hazlitt.	Charles Lamb and sister greatly befriend him and take to him; and he, with his hate of conventionalisms, loves those Lamb chambers and the whist parties, where he can go, in whatever slouch costume he may choose; poor Mary Lamb, too, perceiving that he has a husband-ish hankering after a certain female friend of hers--blows hot and cold upon it, in her quaint little notelets, with a delighted and an undisguised sense of being a party to their little game.	Indeed, nothing is more remarkable in his career than his shrewd adaptation of policy to meet existing, or approaching tides of feeling; he does not avow great convictions of duty, and stand by them; but he toys with convictions; studies the weakness, as he does the power, of those with him or against him; shifts his ground accordingly; rarely lacking poise, and the attitude of seeming steadfastness; whipping with his scourge of a tongue the little lapses of his adversaries till they shrill all over the kingdom; and putting his own triumphs--great or small--into such scenic combination, with such beat of drum, and blare of trumpet, as to make all England break out into bravos.	But we can lament both, and, if need be, fight them.	Indeed, it was under Melbourne’s encouragements, and his stimulative commendation (if stimulus were needed), that the young princess formed shortly after that marriage relation which proved altogether a happy one--giving to England and to the world shining proof that righteous domesticities were not altogether clean gone from royal houses.	His scholarship was keen, but not tractable; he takes a wide range outside the established order of studies; he is a great and unstinted admirer of the French philosophers, and makes such audacious free-thinking challenge to the church dignitaries of Oxford that he is expelled--like something venomous.	The business would probably be arranged     between the papa and me.” Perhaps it was in allusion to this new caprice that he writes to Moore, a few months later:     “Had Lady ---- appeared to wish it, or even not to oppose it, I     would have gone on, and very possibly married, with the same     indifference which has frozen over the Black Sea of almost all my     passions.… Obstacles the slightest even, stop me.” (_Moore’s Byron_,     p.	[6] The sixth and seventh volumes appeared after the poet’s death, in 1847.	He quarrelled with old coadjutors; in Parliament he shifted from bench to bench; in the weakness of age, he truckled to power; he exasperated his friends, and for years together--his scoldings, his tergiversations, and his plaid trousers made a mine of mockery for Mr. Punch.	Walter Scott says: “It would be a delightful addition to life if Thomas Moore had a cottage within two miles of me.” Indeed, he was always quick to scent anything that might amuse, and to store it up.	“Abou-ben-Adhem,” 152.	Dwight, Timothy, 12.	_Man of Feeling_, 1771; _The Lounger_, 1785.	Accomplished is the word to apply to him; accomplished largely and variously, and with all his accomplishments perfectly in hand.	Nearer to the young queen than all these--by old ties of friendship, that always remained unshaken--was the suave and accomplished Lord Melbourne--First Minister--who has prepared the queen’s little speech for her, which she reads with charming self-possession; to him, too, she looks for approval and instruction in all her progress through the new ceremonials of Court, and the ordering of a royal household.	He is polite, however; is agreeably disposed to the marriage scheme, which finds exploitation with a great flourish of trumpets in the Chapel Royal of St. James.	De Quincey, Thomas, his home, 4;     Robinson’s description of, 28;     his early years, 29;     settles near Grasmere, 31;     his affection for Catharine Wordsworth, 32;     his marriage, 34;     his laudanum drinking, 35;     his “Reminiscences,” 37;     last years and death of, 38, 40;     his assertion as to the appreciation of Wordsworth in 1802, 56, note.	_Shelley Again._ Shelley went back from Switzerland to a home for a year or more, beyond Windsor, near to Bisham--amid some of the loveliest country that borders upon the Thames.	Gore House, 177.	1796; _Thalaba_, 1801; _A Vision of Judgment_, 1821; _Life of Nelson_, 1813; _The Doctor_, 1834-47.	_Prose of Leigh Hunt._ It was some two years before George IV.	Yet Brougham was one of the master spirits in this new enterprise, and became a great historic personage.	He came back with an epic (published 1834), believing that it was to fill men’s minds, and to conquer a place for him among the great poets of the century.	[31] _Life and Correspondence of Lord Jeffrey_, by Lord Cockburn, p. 283, vol.	His sister (who later became Lady Trevelyan) went with him as the mistress of his Calcutta household; and his affectionate and most tender relations with this, as well as with his younger sister, are beautifully set forth in the charming biography by his nephew, Otto Trevelyan.	Shelley loved the sea, and carried with him to the water the same reckless daring which he put into his verse.	It is angry and bitter--and has an impish laughter in it--of a sort which our friend Robert Ingersoll might write, if his genius ran to poetry.	_A Start in Life._ It was somewhere about the year 1798, that a sharp-faced, youngish Englishman--who had been curate of a small country parish down in Wiltshire--drove, upon a pleasant June day, on a coach-top, into the old city of Edinboro’.	Procter--better known as Barry Cornwall--the song-writer, was sure to know his way to those doors and to be welcomed; and Leigh Hunt was always eager to play off his fine speeches amid such surroundings of wine and music.	“Isle of Palms, The,” John Wilson’s, 42, 45.	It was not until 1842, a year or two after the Italian visit, that Macaulay ventured to publish that solitary book of his verse; he very much doubted the wisdom of putting his literary reputation in peril by such overture in rhyme.