"Will she be fast?"	A quick pull for single shots and a steady pressure for a volley."	Here in a word is the fulfilment of the dream; that, by the united effort, by the blood, by the suffering, by the heartbreak endured of these two great English-speaking races, wars shall be made to cease in all the world; that peace and happiness, truth and justice shall be established among us for all generations, and that the united powers of the Anglo-Saxon races shall be a bulwark behind which Mankind may henceforth rest secure.	As we stumbled through the muddy desolation I beheld wretched hovels wherein khaki-clad forms moved, and from one of these damp and dismal structures a merry whistling issued, with hoarse laughter.	Fritz can be very frightful, but we can be more so when we want--yes, rather.	Good-by."	Lost four of our chaps yesterday--'Archie' got 'em.	But what man, especially in these days, may hope to treat a theme so vast, a tragedy so awful, without a sure knowledge that all he can say must fall so infinitely far below the daily happenings which are, on the one hand, raising Humanity to a godlike altitude or depressing it lower than the brutes.	I am to tell something of what Britain has accomplished during these awful three years, of the mighty changes she has wrought in this short time, of how, with her every thought and effort bent in the one direction, she has armed and equipped herself and many of her allies; of the armies she has raised, the vast sums she has expended and the munitions and armaments she has amassed.	enquired the Captain.	"Slow starters always," continued he musingly; "but the nation that can match us in staying power has yet to be born!"	Truly a wonderful river, this, surely in its way the most wonderful river eyes may see, a sight I shall never forget, a sight I shall always associate with the stalwart figure of the Captain and the white hair and venerable form of the Master Builder as they stood side by side to wave adieu.	said he, over his shoulder, to the bearded mariner at the wheel.	"Have you built them much bigger, then?"	And here I see the rough forging pass through the many stages of trimming, milling, turning, boring, rifling until comes the assembling, and I take up the finished rifle ready for its final process--testing.	The man looked up, looked down and muttered unintelligibly, whereupon the Sister spoke.	I walked amid shell craters, sometimes knee-deep in mud; I stumbled over rifles half buried in the slime, on muddy knapsacks, over muddy bags half full of rusty bombs, and so upon the body of a dead German soldier.	Here are huge bomb-dropping machines with a vast wing spread; solid, steady-flying machines for photographic work, and the light, swift-climbing, double-gunned battle-planes, capable of mounting two thousand feet a minute and attaining a speed of two hundred kilometres.	Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.	"And yet--I don't know, but I don't think it is altogether the money, somehow."	said the Master Builder.	Can the average reader know or even faintly imagine the other side of the picture?	The noble town behind them crumbled into ruin beneath the shrieking avalanche of shells, but they held on.	said he, over his shoulder, to the bearded mariner at the wheel.	Here in white cots lay many bandaged forms, some who, propped on pillows, watched us bright-eyed and nodded in cheery greeting; others who lay so ominously still.	rose, beaming.	"Yes," said my companion, "every week we are turning out--" here he named very many millions--"of cartridges."	And as I trod this grisly place my pity grew, and with pity a profound wonder that the world with its so many millions of reasoning minds should permit such things to be, until I remembered that few, even the most imaginative, could realise the true frightfulness of modern men-butchering machinery, and my wonder changed to a passionate desire that such things should be recorded and known, if only in some small measure, wherefore it is I write these things.	Of these last they are building scores a week at a certain factory I visited just outside Paris, and this factory is but one of many.	The Project Gutenberg EBook of Great Britain at War, by Jeffery Farnol This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	"Has your squadron been out lately?"	he repeated.	After this they brought me to the workshops where many mechanics were busied; they showed me, among other grim relics, C.'s broken machine gun and perforated cartridge tray.	She also showed me an ugly rent upon a certain wall near by, made by the shell which had killed her husband.	"Pity it isn't clear!"	As an Englishman, I love and am proud of my country, and, in the years I spent in America, I saw with pain and deep regret the misunderstanding that existed between these two great nations.	"I have a good many sergeants here and they can't all have 'em!	But, even as I went speeding through dark streets, in my ears, rising high above the hum of our engine was the unceasing din, the remorseless ring and clash of the riveting-hammers.	A man, I judged, who preached little and did much--a sailor's padre in very truth.	"Back to the times of Nelson and Rodney and Anson," said I, "great seamen all, who fought great ships!	said I. Wherefore the Major led us over sandy hills and along sandy valleys and so to a dingy and weatherworn hut, in whose dingy interior we found a bright-faced subaltern in dingy uniform and surrounded by many dingy boxes and a heterogeneous collection of things.	Through all these gloomy relics of a vanished people I went slow-footed and heedless of direction, until by chance I came out into the wide Place and saw before me all that remained of the stately building which for centuries had been the Hotel de Ville, now nothing but a crumbling ruin of noble arch and massive tower; even so, in shattered façade and mullioned window one might yet see something of that beauty which had made it famous.	And looking around me on this dreary desolation I knew that one day (since nothing dies) upon this place of horror grass would grow and flowers bloom again; along this now desolate and deserted road people would come by the thousand; these humble crosses and mounds of muddy earth would become to all Britons a holy place where so many of our best and bravest lie, who, undismayed, have passed through the portals of Death into the fuller, greater, nobler living.	"That's where we built the _Lusitania_!"	"Kick up a bit of a racket, don't they, but you get used to it in time; I could hear a pin drop.	I enquired.	"It's generally pretty lively here," said our Intelligence Officer, as I leaned forward to pass him the matches.	"Can you beat that?"	"Yes," said I, and again, "Yes."	You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net 1.E.2.	The rain had stopped, but it was three damp and mud-spattered wretches who clambered back into the waiting car.	It is, I believe, an unwritten law in the Air Service never to desert a comrade until he is seen to be completely "done for"--hence Y. and Z.	In rain-sodden fields to right and left were many figures bent in diligent labour, men in weatherworn, grey-blue uniforms and knee-boots, while on the roadside were men who lounged, or sat smoking cigarettes, rifle across knees and wicked-looking bayonets agleam, wherefore these many German prisoners toiled with the unremitting diligence aforesaid.	Only that very morning, she told me, another shell had struck the poor Hotel de Ville, and she pointed to a new, white scar upon the shapeless tower.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	Two years ago, in June, 1915, the Ministry of Munitions was formed under Mr. David Lloyd George; as to its achievements, here are figures which shall speak plainer than any words.	Then appeared men in blue overalls, who seized the gleaming monster in unawed, accustomed hands, steadied it, swung it round, and halted it within speaking distance.	We walked through shops where belts and pulleys and wheels and cogs flapped and whirled and ground in ceaseless concert, shops where files rasped and hammers rang, shops again where all seemed riot and confusion at the first glance, but at a second showed itself ordered confusion, as it were.	I only seemed unreal, like one that walked in a nightmare.	Pulling up at a shell-shattered village we left the car and trudged along a shell-torn road, along a battered and rusty railway line, and presently struck into a desolate waste intersected by sparse hedgerows and with here and there desolate, leafless trees, many of which, in shattered trunk and broken bough, showed grim traces of what had been; and ever as we advanced these ugly scars grew more frequent, and we were continually dodging sullen pools that were the work of bursting shells.	She also showed me an ugly rent upon a certain wall near by, made by the shell which had killed her husband.	"Oh, by Jove!	said I.	"Well, 'Frightful Fritz'--I mean the Boches, y'know, started bein' frightful some time ago, y'know--playin' their little tricks with gas an' tear-shells an' liquid fire an' that, and we left 'em to it.	Hereupon its leather-clad pilot climbed stiffly out, vituperated the weather and lit a cigarette.	And as we went, in the air about us was a stir, a hum that grew and ever grew, until, passing a massive swing door, there burst upon us a rumble, a roar, a clashing din.	"Yes," said I, and again, "Yes."	Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)	In the time of Mons the army was equipped and supplied by three Government factories and a very few auxiliary firms; to-day gigantic national factories, with miles of railroads to serve them, are in full swing, beside which, thousands of private factories are controlled by the Government.	said I, crushing my hat on firmer.	Oh, La Boiselle was quite a pretty place once.	said F., pulling up his collar.	You lose any one aboard?"	Obediently I followed whither he led, nothing speaking, for surely here was matter beyond words.	On we tramped, through rain and mud, which, like my helmet, seemed to grow momentarily heavier.	I immediately stepped back.	said the Captain.	In mid-channel it blew hard and the destroyers seemed to be making heavy weather of it, now lost in spray, now showing a glistening height of freeboard, and, as I watched, remembering why they were there, my cumbrous life belt grew suddenly very comfortable.	Upon a time I mentioned some such thought to an American aviator, who nodded youthful head and answered in this manner: "The best fellows generally go first, and such a lot are gone now that there'll be a whole bunch of them waiting to say 'Hello, old sport!'	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	"Thank ye, I wull that!"	"Yes, rather!	Down sank the aeroplane, the roaring engine fell silent, roared again, and she sped towards us, her wheels within a foot or so of earth.