"Had I but a handful of salt, Martin!"	"Why, so you shall and judge thereby whether he be rogue or no, for 'tis beyond me."	And then I knew that I had found--Black Bartlemy's Treasure!"	"And our men, Adam?"	says I, a little shamefaced.	"But stayed to do his share of the fighting, Martin."	Having no more mind to sleep (and the moon so marvellous bright) I wandered forth of these shadowy rocks and, being upon the sands, stood to look about me.	We fought on a shelf o' rock high above the sea, my knife agin his knife and hook--'twas that same hook gave me this scar athwart my jaw--but as he struck, I struck and saw him go spinning over and over, down and down and splash into the sea.	And here Adam sighed mighty dismal.	"For one thing, a cooking-pot, Martin."	Now at this (and all careless of my pistol) he drew a slow pace nearer, great head out-thrust, peering.	And my second wonder was a silver beaker or ewer, very artfully wrought and all chased and embossed with designs of fruit and flower and of a rare craftsmanship, and this jug set within my reach and half-full of milk.	and he pointed to a mound of sand hard by.	Speak plain, Godby, I'm no mariner!"	I tested my knife on my thumb.	"Do I look it, Martin?"	But now indeed sea and rocks grew all blurred and misty on my sight, and twice I must needs rest awhile ere we came on Deliverance Sands.	I cried.	Yet 'tis a poor small naked rogue and in two days cometh my 'Ladies' Delight' and Tressady with his hook.	"Look'ee, dog!"	"Look now," quoth I, as she rose, "in losing the world you do lose everything--."	"Why, a man's thoughts are but thoughts," says I, watching where she braided a long tress of her hair.	This shirt hath turned death thrice already--once i' the breast here and twice 'twixt the shoulders.	To your dainty knees, wench--down!'	As for Adam he stood pinching his chin the while his quick, bright eyes darted from one to other of us.	Speak!"	"And you did it that I might eat?"	Being upon the terrace, I glanced up to find her leaning to watch me and with the moon bright on her face.	"God's pity--loose me, Martin!"	says she.	My companion being absent I seated myself in the shade and began opening the oysters with my knife as well as I might; in the which occupation she presently found me, and grew very merry at my clumsy efforts.	Thus, my fears allayed, and bethinking me how savoury was a mess of goat's-flesh, I fell a-watering at the mouth like the hungry animal I was.	And now (at her earnest solicitation) I told her all my association with Adam, of my haunted days and nights aboard ship and my suspicions of Tressady; only I spoke nothing of Adam's avowed intent to steal the "Faithful Friend" to his own purposes.	And know this--when you scowl so, all sullen-eyed, I know you for the very image of Black Bartlemy!"	And my head pillowed thus I fell a-weeping, but these tears were tears of joy and thankfulness beyond all words.	muttered Joel, shaking his head.	But all the while my anger swelled within me for the folly I had uttered to her, in a moment of impulse, concerning love.	"'Who shall say, Roger?	"'Tis very dark, shall we not have a light?"	I shot him!"	I had thought of cutting it off."	"As the sailor-man who watched you as you lay a-groaning in your sleep outside the Conisby Arms, I guessed you one o' the Conisby breed by your ring, and as one born and bred here in Kent I mind well the adage, 'To hate like a Brandon and revenge like a Conisby,' and by God, my lord, you are a true Conisby, it seemeth!	"What do you make now, Martin?"	But, Martin--O Martin, the dead is alive again--see how I'm all gashed with his hook."	"Taken--off--Hispaniola?"	"How do you know of this?"	There be two at the fore,   At the main be three more,   Dead men that swing all of a row;   Here's fine, dainty meat   For the fishes to eat:   Black Bartlemy--Bartlemy ho!	"O Martin, surely God hath had us in His care to bring us safe through so many dangers, and methinks His gentle hand will be over us still."	"So endeth my hope of righting a great wrong.	I questioned as we went on again and I very conscious of her hand yet upon my arm.	"Providence!"	Now as luck would have it, Gregory overtakes me (as I had purposed he should, I being minded to get even wi' him for good and all).	"The very same!"	"And for these gaudy birds I would give them all for one honest English robin or sweet-throated black bird!"	So come let us begin."	"Pray you," she questioned, "when may we hope to reach the island and be free of each other?"	I would have a pan--with handles if you could contrive.	So stood she awhile, the gentlemen beside her (very brave in their velvets and new-fangled great periwigs) until came her maid Marjorie; then she sighed, acknowledged the gentlemen's bows and flourishes with a graceful curtesy, and bidding them a laughing "good-night" went her way, her shapely arm about Marjorie's trim waist.	"Have you any bones broke?"	Being upon my bed she brings the lamp, and kneeling by me would examine my hurt whether I would or no, and I being weak, off came my shirt.	And how came they buried?'	O blind, blind!"	And down she sits with folded hands, watching me mighty solemn and demure and I very conscious of her scrutiny.	"So here" (thinks I) "is Adam's 'notable fall of water,'" and sitting down, I fell to viewing the place, munching my grapes the while.	Having thus traversed the whole reef and explored the rocks beyond very thoroughly, I cast me down beside the lagoon to bathe my hands and face and rest myself awhile.	And thus merciful sleep found me at last.	'Twas but lately I learned the truth from his secret papers ... and ... O 'twas all there ... even the price he paid to have you carried to the plantations!	"Is home then so dear to you?"	A pistol flashed and roared and then another as I leapt with whirling axe and darting knife.	"We have three, Martin.	"Most true!"	CHAPTER XXXII TELLS HOW I FOUND A SECRET CAVE Next morning I was up mighty early and away to the little valley, first to view my pots and then to pick some flowers for her birthday, remembering her great love for such toys.	quoth Godby, staring.	I chose me a devious course, avoiding the white sands of Deliverance Beach, trending towards that fatal cleft hard by Bartlemy's tree (the which we had come to call Skeleton Cove) though why I must go hither I knew no more then than I do now.	"'Tis the law of the Coast."	'Twas trusty Joel Bym here gave me my first lesson in navigation--eh, Jo?"	In a while, my eyes growing strong, I got me to the main-deck, where again I must stay to shade my eyes by reason of the radiance that poured through an open gun-port.	she sighed.	Big Tom, as have thrashed every man for miles."	Then while, half-dazed, he strove to rise, I kicked him down again, and setting my foot upon his chest, caught up the rope's-end he had dropped and beat him therewith until he roared, until he groaned and lay writhing, face hid beneath his crossed arms.	He was staring up at the quarter-deck and, following his look, I saw my lady stand leaning upon the rail, her shapely figure outlined against the moonlight, her face upraised to the sky.	I cried.	Tom bumped heavy--aye, uncommon flat were Tom, let me eat worms else!"