"We missed the door," he said.	"Of all the unpardonable stupidity!	What were they?"	Call it Wednesday, the sixteenth.	"In some communities, everybody owns everything in common; we don't have much of a problem, there.	Most of them lived in little villages and cultivated land.	"For all that it may be a deadly serious one for us.	They'd have had to abandon a full-grown one, after the Scowrers began hunting them.	"You spoke, a while ago, of what you could do for us, in return," Altamont said.	There wasn't a better man at the Fort, when it came to dealing with people, but confront him with a problem about things, and he was lost.	You were, originally, a military platoon?"	The boy who had started to climb down off the library halted, fired his flintlock, and began reloading it.	Murray, you were to be in charge of the detail that was to accompany them.	"You spoke, a while ago, of what you could do for us, in return," Altamont said.	The History Department at the Fort would be most interested in that, but the only thing that interested Altamont was the statement that the floor had been laid over the trapdoor leading to the vaults where the microfilms were stored.	Loudons said.	Murray Hughes gasped.	Each evening, at the end of each day's march, he read to his men out of them.	"Sit down, gentlemen," the Toon Leader invited, going to a cupboard and producing a large bottle stopped with a corncob and a number of small cups.	"Well, no.	"We'll use radio.	They waited until the helicopter had climbed to position and was circling above, and then turned their attention to the place where the sheet of fused earth and stone bulged upward.	"You mean people, as distinct from those biped beasts we've found so far?	A naked savage raised his head from behind what might, two hundred years ago, have been a cement park-bench, a hundred yards away.	the Reader exclaimed, when he explained.	You smoke a pipe, I take it?"	We have to get inside; that's the quickest way to do it."	A lighted candle flickered in the cool breeze that came in through the open window throwing their shadows back and forth on the walls.	I further observe that the side of your flying machine bears recent scratches, as though from the spears or throwing-hatchets of the Scowrers.	"The books which are mentioned in The Books.	"I noticed you took us up to about ten thousand, while I was shaving."	Altamont puffed slowly at his pipe, "I wonder if we're going to find anything at all in Pittsburgh."	How'd they make out, after your machines came in here?"	But what was your third possibility, Tenant?"	We were originally a platoon of soldiers, two hundred years ago, at the time when the Wars ended.	There was an immediate reaction; all three of the elders of the village, and the young riflemen who had accompanied them, exchanged glances of surprise.	The Enemy is supposed to be the master mind back of these cannibal savages in the woods and also in the ruins."	"The Scowrers have never attacked in bands like this before.	My friend, Mr. Altamont, here, is a scientist, also."	At first, they built shelters around this building, and made this their fort.	None, that we have ever found before, made guns and powder for themselves.	No.	But it's only been in the last twenty years that we've been able to make nuclear-electric engines, and this is the first time any of us have gotten east of the Mississippi."	A great, a good, a wise man, but a man and mortal."	He turned and shouted up at the truncated steeple: "Atherton, sound 'All Clear!'"	the Reader exclaimed.	He stepped forward to the edge of the porch, still munching on a honey-dipped piece of corn bread, and glanced up at the sky.	"Good.	There was no hostility, however, in their manner as the old man advanced and held out his hand.	How'd they make out, after your machines came in here?"	"Here they come!"	Altamont was almost praying into the radio.	1.F.5.	Loudons looked over his shoulder at the photostated magazine page.	the Toon Leader asked.	Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email business@pglaf.org.	"It is a shocking habit--destructive to the logical faculty.	And have all the noncoms and techs report here, on the double."	"Sarge," the old man told one of the youths, "post a guard over this flying machine; don't let anybody meddle with it.	"I think you're right, Jim.	I'll be back as soon as I can."	"One which we can neither accept nor reject safely.	That should have led me, if I'd used my wits, to deduce platoon from toon.	"Haven't the least idea.	Now there was a rough plank floor, and a plank ceiling at about twelve feet; the room was apparently used as a community center.	"There's one thing you can do, no further away than tomorrow, if you're willing."	What do you want from them--from us--in return for your help?"	You know how terrible they were.	They went through the open doorway of the old stone church, and entered the big room inside.	"All right, here's the angle of the shadow, and the compass-bearing.	"Not just The Books, Stamford; other books," the Toon Leader told him.	There had been a town here, but it had been burned and destroyed, and there were people camping in the ruins.	Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.	How thick do you think this floor is?"	he asked.	Some of the members of that old platoon were men who knew the latest methods of scientific farming; they didn't need naive fairy tales about the planting and germination of seed."	The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.	It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.	"Monty, this has me worried like the devil, because I believe that they suspect that you are the Slain and Risen One."	And last winter, the usual theological arguments about the proper chronological order of the Sacred Books and the true nature of the Risen One had been replaced by a violent controversy when Sholto Jiminez and Birdy Edwards had reopened the old question of the advisability of moving the Toon and settling elsewhere.	"No.	Then he emptied his cup and refilled it.	When he and his helpers came up to look, they found a large mass of concrete blown out, and solid steel behind it.