And even thus is it in ‘Philoctetes’; the primitive psychology of the three leading characters would seem to be merely the sides of the vessel containing the clear water; and this itself is our ordinary life, into which the poet is about to let fall the revelation-bearing drops of his genius....	For to love one’s neighbour does not mean only to give oneself to him, to serve, help, and sustain others.	A thought that is almost beautiful—a thought that you speak not, but that you cherish within you at this moment, will irradiate you as though you were a transparent vase.	As children, life seems nearer to them than to other children; they appear to suspect nothing, and yet is there in their eyes so profound a certainty that we feel they must know all, that there must have been evenings when they found time to tell themselves their secret.	There are times when destiny shuts her eyes, but she knows full well that, when evening falls, we shall return to her, and that the last word must be hers.	Remember, too, the kindly circumstances that pitied you, and tried to bar your passage, but you thrust them aside like so many importunate beggars.	And if we are bewildered at times, let us not forget that our soul often appears to our feeble eyes to be but the maddest of forces, and that there are in man many regions more fertile, more profound and more interesting than those of his reason or his intelligence....	Their mysterious smile flew fitfully across their lips, and there lurked a gravity beneath, a curious fear lest a secret should escape.	This invisible and divine goodness, of which I only speak here because of its being one of the surest and nearest signs of the unceasing activity of our soul, this invisible and divine goodness ennobles, in decisive fashion, all that it has unconsciously touched.	What can I learn from creatures who have but one fixed idea, and who have no time to live, for that there is a rival, or a mistress, whom it behoves them to put to death?	If you have come, you, the ‘outraged husband,’ the ‘deceived lover,’ the ‘forsaken wife,’ intending to kill me, your arm will not be stayed by my most moving entreaty; but it may be that there will come towards you, at that moment, one of these unexpected forces; and my soul, knowing of their vigil near to me, may whisper a secret word whereby, haply, you shall be disarmed.	But all questions are useless.	And our indulgence, too.	Ah!	I have known many whom the same death was leading by the hand, and when my memory dwells upon them I see a band of children, of youths and maidens, who seem to be all coming forth from the same house.	Let not ‘sticks that float’ cause us to forget the prodigies of the gulf.	To-day it is fatality that we challenge, and this is perhaps the distinguishing note of the new theatre.	And even when the threshold is crossed, where shall certainty be found?	Consider, from this point of view, a few more of the finest tragedies of the ancients: ‘The Eumenides,’ ‘Antigone,’ ‘Electra,’ ‘Œdipus at Colonos.’ ‘They have admired,’ said Racine in his preface to ‘Berenice,’ ‘they have admired the “Ajax” of Sophocles, wherein there is nothing but Ajax killing himself with regret for the fury into which he fell after the arms of Achilles were denied him.	Therein lies a force that has no name; a spiritual rivalry that knows no resistance.	I have noticed the same grave gestures, the footsteps that seemed to tend towards a goal that was all too near, the presentiments that chilled the blood, the fixed, immovable look—I have noticed all these in the men, even, whose end was to come about by accident, the men on whom death would suddenly seize from without.	Nay, more, even those who do not know you, who are merely told of your acts of goodness and deeds of love—if you be not good according to the invisible goodness, these, even, will feel that something is lacking, and they will never be touched in the depths of their being.	That there is not a gesture, a thought, a sin, a tear, an atom of acquired consciousness that is lost in the depths of the earth; and that at the most insignificant of our acts our ancestors arise, not in their tombs where they move not, but in ourselves, where they always live....	There is no question of being sad.	But surely there are moments when we seem to feel, more deeply than did our fathers before us, that we are not in the presence of ourselves alone.	We must watch for the happy moments when it opens in silence; and it is ever thus opening.	Some one is dying, some one looks at you, or cries, some other is coming towards you for the first time, or an enemy is passing by—may she not perhaps whisper then?	When the angels stand before you, will you glory in never having sinned; and is there not an inferior innocence?	Would you go to him whose shake of the head had sullied a generous action or a mere impulse that was pure?	Look through the passive correspondence of any man, and you shall find in it an astonishing unity.	Let us be humble, and learn to distinguish between accident and essence.	Thus do I conceive it to be with Hilda and Solness; it is thus surely that they regard each other.	But all this is nothing, and is not even near to the outer lights of the abyss.	Happily, even in those whose vision is most limited, there is always something that acts in silence as though they had seen.	It was the _nature_ of disaster with which the earliest tragic writers were, all unconsciously, preoccupied, and this it was that, though they knew it not, threw a solemn shadow round the hard and violent gestures of external death; and it is this, too, that has become the rallying-point of the most recent dramas, the centre of light with strange flames gleaming, about which revolve the souls of women and of men.	Every evening will its sisters recognise the soul that pronounced the word, and henceforth, be the conversation never so trivial, its mere presence will, I know not how, add thereto something of majesty.	Is it indeed essential that your mother should breathe her last in your arms, that your children should perish in a shipwreck, and that you yourself should pass by the side of death, for you at length to understand that you have your being in an incomprehensible world where you shall be for ever, where an unseen God, who is eternally alone, dwells with His creatures?	It is death that is the guide of our life, and our life has no goal but death.	And it is from this moment that he truly belongs to us.	But others there are who linger for a moment, who look at us with an eager smile, and seem to be on the point of confessing that they know all; and then, towards their twentieth year, they leave us, hurriedly, muffling their footsteps, as though they had just discovered that they had chosen the wrong dwelling-place, and had been about to pass their lives among men whom they did not know.	What was there that divided us from them?	I have known more than one man who performed every act of kindness and mercy without touching a single soul; and I have known others, who seemed to live in falsehood and injustice, yet were no souls driven from them nor did any for an instant even believe that these men were not good.	Thousands and thousands of laws there are, mightier and more venerable than those of passion; but, in common with all that is endowed with resistless force, these laws are silent, and discreet, and slow-moving; and hence it is only in the twilight that they can be seen and heard, in the meditation that comes to us at the tranquil moments of life.	It is only the life of violence, the life of bygone days, that is perceived by nearly all our tragic writers; and truly may one say that anachronism dominates the stage, and that dramatic art dates back as many years as the art of sculpture.	There are moments when it would seem as though we were on the threshold of a new pessimism, mysterious and, perhaps, very pure.	Would she, like a bashful maiden, cloak beneath her long hair the numberless sins of the flesh?	Nothing is visible, and yet all is revealed.	The result can never be foretold; all this comes to pass in a heaven that never warns; and therefore it is that the tenderest of lovers will often defer to the last hour of all the solemn entry of the great revealer of the depths of our being.... For they too are well aware—the love that is truly love brings the most frivolous back to life’s centre—they too are well aware that all that had gone before was but as children playing outside the gates, and that it is now that the walls are falling and existence lying bare.	The others are all watching eagerly around us like little children in front of a marvellous palace.	You can play in life as innocently ‘as a child about a death-bed,’ and it is not the tears that are indispensable.	May it not be at the bedside of the last agony that is woven the veritable and most precious crown of sage and hero, and of all who have known how to live earnestly amid the sorrows, lofty, pure, and discreet, of life according to the soul?	Seeking our sorrows, we shall be the most effectively seeking ourselves, for truly may it be said that the value of ourselves is but the value of our melancholy and our disquiet.	It is there in its simplicity, smiling on the threshold of our soul; and those in whom its smiles lie deepest, or shine forth most frequently, may make us suffer day and night and they will, yet shall it be beyond our power to cease to love them....	And to come nearer to our own time—though Racine may indeed be the unerring poet of the woman’s heart, who would dare to claim for him that he has ever taken one step towards her soul?	We believe we have discovered a grotto that is stored with bewildering treasure; we come back to the light of day, and the gems we have brought are false—mere pieces of glass—and yet does the treasure shine on, unceasingly, in the darkness!	Is it beyond the mark to say that the true tragic element, normal, deep-rooted, and universal, that the true tragic element of life only begins at the moment when so-called adventures, sorrows, and dangers have disappeared?	Does it not seem as though the supreme cry of the soul were at last about to pierce the dense clouds of error that still envelop it in music?	So little!	For one instant has a soul dared to reveal itself, even such as it is in love and sorrow, such as it is in face of death and in the solitude that dwells around the stars of night.	From that moment, the merest nothing reveals His presence, and the greatness of our life depends on so little!	Then it is no longer necessary that a great king should die for us to remember that ‘the world does not end at the house-doors,’ and not an evening passes but the smallest thing suffices to ennoble the soul.	Their abiding-place is at the foot itself of the Inevitable, whose well-worn paths are visible to them more clearly than to us.	Is it while I flee before a naked sword that my existence touches its most interesting point?	Nay, there are moments when it bears the semblance of an ultimatum; and therefore does it behove us to neglect nothing, but indeed with all eagerness to accept this imperious invitation, that is like unto the dream that is lost for ever, unless instantaneously seized.	And if, like Don Juan, we take a thousand and three to our embraces, still shall we find, on that evening when arms fall asunder and lips disunite, that it is always the same woman, good or bad, tender or cruel, loving or faithless, that is standing before us.	It is possible for you to cause extraordinary tears to flow; it is possible that you may fill a heart with unheard of certitudes, and give eternal life unto a soul, and no one shall know of it, nor shall you even know yourself.	At school we were vaguely conscious of them.	And the reason must surely be that these things were not so clearly evident then: for at every period there have been men who penetrated to the innermost recesses of life, to its most secret affinities: and all that they learned of the heart, the soul and the spirit of their epoch has been handed down to us.	What god, that is indeed on the heights, but must smile at our gravest faults, as we smile at the puppies on the hearthrug?	Were they forming a circle round it, and trying to keep it hidden from indifferent eyes?	The sage needs no such violent arousing.	Which of us, when by the side of the most ordinary person perhaps, but has suddenly become conscious of the advent of something that none had summoned?	Long, slowly falling tears are needed here.	Yet has each one of them, when alone, more than once lived in accord with his soul.	The lowest of men would rather be just than unjust: we all worship, we all pray, numbers of times every day, without knowing it.’ And we are surprised when chance suddenly reveals to us the importance of this divine part.	For the soul of man is a guest that has gone hungry these centuries back, and never has it to be summoned twice to the nuptial feast.	Wildly pressing down their eyelids, so as not to see that which had to be seen—struggling with all their puny strength against the eternal forces—they will contrive perhaps to cross the road and go towards another, sent thither but not for them.	If I push open to-day the door of the house wherein I am to meet the first smiles of a sorrow that shall know no end, I do these things for a longer time than one imagines.	I know not.	Why do they come to us like the bee to the hive, like the dove to the cote; and where do they find a resting-place when we are not there to meet them?	And all that is might well be more mysterious still.	Will the day ever dawn when we shall be what we are?...	In the meanwhile, we felt that they were strangers in our midst.