"But we mustn't," said Mytyl, who always remembered.	I've an idea!"	"I'm in the chair at this meeting."	The two Children were starting on their way, when they discovered that they were very hungry.	Those who confide in others are only betrayed; it is better to keep silent and to be treacherous one's self."	Bronze doors show through the pillars to the right and left.	"I'm bringing a light which nobody knows of!..."	How are you, Tyltyl, how are you?..."	Whether in philosophy, drama or poetry, Maeterlinck is exclusively occupied in revealing or indicating the mystery which lies only just out of sight beneath the ordinary life.	Those little flowers comforted the Children, who felt extremely lonely.	"And what will you do?"	It appears that one of the Dead in the graveyard is keeping him in his tomb...." "What shall we do?"	And, sure enough, Light was coming towards them; and with her the dawn rose over the forest, which became light as day.	Bread followed solemnly, carrying the cage; the two Children came next; and Sugar brought up the rear.	They were something like men, but it was impossible to distinguish their features; the eye could not catch them.	It would never do to be, perhaps, within arm's length of happiness and not to try for it, at the risk of dying in the attempt, to try for it and hand it over at last to all mankind!	It's the one which Bread carried....	Laughing merrily, the children ran after birds and butterflies, but everything faded away as soon as it was touched.	The Bear!...	They at once made up their minds to come back often, now that they knew the way.	From every side came bands of little children dressed from head to foot in blue; they had beautiful dark or golden hair and they were all exquisitely pretty.	Victory!	Poor little fellow: if he could only have foreseen the terrible trap that awaited him!	The Cat rushed up to the Children: "This way, little master, this way!...	What was the use of his being a man, if he continued to feel and think like a dog?	"Oh, yes!...	he cried.	He was all over magnificent clothes; and he was about to perform a grand errand across the world in company with the gods!	"That's a good idea!	They had first to pass all the lights known to Man and then those which Man did not yet know.	"It is because they themselves are not alive yet.	Alas, was he attempting an impossible thing?	Yes, yes, it's the same one, there it is, there it is!"	Her energies must be devoted to the future!"	They began to run all around the hall until, hearing the Children laugh, they were seized with fear and rushed indoors again.	What does she say?...	asked Tyltyl.	His heart beat wildly, his throat was parched with anguish, he tried to speak and could not get out a sound: besides, he did not wish to show weakness in the presence of his hapless companions!	He shrugged his shoulders, gave Mytyl a push and shouted angrily: "You're a nuisance!..."	"Oh dear, you've turned it too briskly: they will not have time to resume their places and we shall have a lot of bother!"	They were soon to have their reward.	What was to be done?	And how cruel life seemed to him just then!	asked Tyltyl.	He remained like that for a minute that seemed to him like a century, not daring to move, not daring to breathe.	The hat was no sooner on the little boy's head than a magic change came over everything.	Tylo dropped his gloomy thoughts for a moment and begged for a bit of bread; and everybody struck up the farewell chorus.	They felt sleepy very early, after all their adventures; and, Light--ever kind and thoughtful--made them live as they were accustomed to on earth.	Then they saw the crosses totter, the mounds open, the slabs rise up.... Mytyl hid her face against Tyltyl's chest: "They're coming out!"	Saved, my little king!..."	But they had no sooner come near the little person in the cotton night-cap than they themselves began to cough and sneeze.	Tyltyl and Mytyl stood hand in hand in front of her, looking a little frightened and a little awkward in their fine clothes.	Nothing perishes ... there are only changes.... Beautiful birds circled all round Tyltyl and Mytyl.	"There are birds and cakes and toys....	We are saved!	All old people love discussing old times.	asked the boy.	he said.	That yellow velvet costume, covered all over with silver crescents, reminded Tylô of the delicious horse-shoe rolls which he loved; and the huge, gaudy turban on Bread's head was really very like a fairy bun!	"Swords, guns, soldiers, cannons...." "And what's that, all round the table?"	So that was the Land of Memory!	They hugged each other tight and began to talk again, so as not to hear the horrible silence: "When will you turn the diamond?"	Fire's nasty temper had made him quarrel with everybody and he had become very lonely and unhappy in consequence.	What would Light say?...	"Was any one thinking of the time?"	When they were thirsty, Water shook her tresses into the cup of the enormous flowers; and the Children drank straight out of the lilies, tulips and morning-glories.	cried Tyltyl, slapping his forehead as though they had spoken of something quite out of the way.	Then the good Fairy explained that they would not be really dead until their grandchildren ceased to think of them: "Men do not know this secret," she added.	he said.	said the little boy, who no longer knew what to make of things.	She had hoped to make a great impression with her Terrors; and, lo and behold, the wretches, who had so long been snubbed by Man, were afraid of him!	"What we have to decide is which of us shall have the honour of striking the first blow!"	He made up his mind like a man and went up to her boldly: "Fairy Berylune, I could not find the Blue Bird...." "What is he saying?"	I hear the Fairy and Light coming.	Royalty payments      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax      returns.	And cabbage-soup is a thing you don't have every day!..."	What wild kisses and huggings!	"Humbug!"	We have to obey him and do as he tells us!...	"They are afraid of the Dead."	"Have they any little children?"	Our three companions set out across the fields in the white light of the moon.	He had jumped off Granny's knees and was poking about in every corner, delighted at finding all sorts of things which he knew and remembered: "Nothing is changed, everything is in its old place!"