Happiness is a plant that thrives far more readily in moral than in intellectual life.	It is well to know moments of material happiness, since they teach us where to look for loftier joys; and all that we gain, perhaps, from listening to the hours that babble aloud in their wantonness is that we are slowly learning the language of the hours whose voice is hushed.	And yet, are not joys to be met with on the highways of life that are greater than any misfortune, more momentous even than death?	He, too, has had his longings in the past, has conceived that truth might move mountains, that a loving act might for ever soften the hearts of men; but to-day he has learned to prefer that this should not be so.	In a world where all were thinkers, more than one indispensable truth might perhaps for ever be lost.	Misfortune or happiness, it seems, must be chastened ere it knock at the door of the sage; but only by stooping low can it enter the commonplace soul.	Can any man be worthy of your love?	The joy of the sage illumines his heart and his soul alike, whereas sadness most often throws light on the heart alone.	And when the sudden hour of tears bursts upon us, then most of all shall we see it enwrapped in light.	Once again, all depended here, not on destiny, but on the wisdom of the wisest, and this Hamlet was; therefore did he, by his presence, become the centre of the drama of Elsinore; and on himself only did the wisdom of Hamlet depend.	What matter whether the event fall on our neighbour's roof or our own?	Nay, more--to him who knows he does wrong there may come, perhaps, the desire to escape from his prison; but the other will die in his cell, without even his thoughts having travelled beyond the gloomy walls that conceal from him the true destiny of man.	In their thoughts they regard it, instinctively, as the lane that leads straight to the tomb.	But to return: let us imagine a sovereign, all-powerful soul--that of Jesus, in Hamlet's place at Elsinore; would the tragedy then have flown on till it reached the four deaths at the end?	The kindly deed that is wasted, the lofty or only loyal thought that falls on barren ground--these too have their value, for the light they throw differs far from the radiance triumphant virtue suffuses; and thus may we see many things in their differing aspect.	God alone can tell how much energy is consumed in the triumphs we achieve over men, and things, and ourselves.	I do not pretend that destiny is just, that it rewards the good and punishes the wicked.	At first he could have wished in his heart that the doors had been somewhat less lofty, the staircases not quite so ample, the galleries less lost in gloom; but as he went straight before him, he felt all the beauty and grandeur of that which was yet so unlike the home of his dream.	When the soul has attained such loftiness as the life of Antoninus shows us that his had acquired, then is each falling tear illumined by beautiful thought and by generous feeling.	What should truly be looked on as human and natural by our intelligence and our energy.	And these are doubtless right, from many points of view; for little Pierrette, miserable though she was, and cruelly tormented, did yet experience joys that her tyrants never would know.	The soul that has sought in itself has the right to know of its beauty; but to brood on this beauty too much, to become over-conscious thereof, were perhaps to detract somewhat from the unconsciousness of its love.	But was this blindness inevitable?	Is each deed of the hero not always outside the boundary of reason?	The idea that we hold to-day of duty, and justice, and truth, may seem clear to us now, and advanced and unfettered; but how different will it appear a few years, a few centuries later!	It is the unforeseen, the unknown, that fulfil what we never should dare to attempt; but they will not come to our aid if they find not, deep down in our heart, an altar inscribed to their worship.	It is a mistake to imagine that the heart will long cherish within it the ideas that reason has banished; but within the heart there is much that reason may take to itself.	There are some profound thinkers, such as Pascal, Schopenhauer, Hello, who seem not to have been happy, for all that the sense of the infinite, universal, eternal, was loftily throned in their soul.	There are some who are wholly unable to support the burden of joy.	Why strive of our own free will to enlarge the domain of the inevitable?	But Paulus Aemilius has gathered together an assembly of the people of Rome; he advances gravely towards them, and thus does he speak: "I, who never yet feared anything that was human, have, amongst such as were divine, always had, a dread of fortune as faithless and inconstant; and, for the very reason that in this war she had been as a favourable gale in all my affairs, I still expected some change and reflux of things.	And among the many apparently beautiful things which turn, through mistaken use, to utter evil, I am not sure but that the thoughtlessly meek and self-sacrificing spirit of good men must be named as one of the fatallest.	"Our reason," said Fenelon, "is derived from the clearness of our ideas."	Which of us, had he to choose, but would rather be Pierrette than Rogron?	The humblest mother who allows her whole life to be crushed, to be saddened, absorbed, by the less important of her motherly duties, is giving her oil to the poor; and her children will suffer, the whole of their life, from there not having been, in the soul of their mother, the radiance it might have acquired.	Do you know a novel of Balzac, belonging to the "Celibataires" series, called Pierrette?	This craving for the extraordinary is often the special weakness of ordinary men, who fail to perceive that the more normal, and ordinary, and uniform events may appear to us, the more are we able to appreciate the profound happiness that this uniformity enfolds, and the nearer are we drawn to the truth and tranquillity of the great force by which we have being.	It might almost be said that there happens to men only that they desire.	It is somewhat strange that this inner life can never be formed out of evil.	But to this we refuse to pay heed.	The upright man is secure in the light that enfolds him; and only by a light more radiant still can she hope to prevail.	"Man has been but too prone," said a philosopher, whom death carried off too soon--"man has been but too prone, through all the course of his history, to lodge his dignity within his errors, and to look upon truth as a thing that depreciated himself.	Complaints of injustice grow less frequent as the brain and the heart expand.	And, at that moment, as they both stood there on the threshold of the palace, the same voices spoke to them; Antigone listening only to the voice from above, wherefore she died; Ismene unconscious of any save that which came from below--and she lived.	It is not wisdom, but the most useless form of pride that can flourish in vacancy and inertia.	Had Oedipus possessed the inner refuge that Marcus Aurelius, for instance, had been able to erect in himself--a refuge whereto he could fly at all times--had he only acquired some few of the certitudes open to every thinker--what could destiny then have done?	Go where we will, the plentiful river of life flows on, beneath the canopy of heaven.	I shall be happier than you, and calmer, if my doubt is greater, and nobler, and more earnest than is your faith; if it has probed more deeply into my soul, traversed wider horizons, if there are more things it has loved.	The thought that can travel scornfully over the heads of that great silent throng without recognising its myriad brothers and sisters that are slumbering there in its midst, is only too often merely a sterile, vicious dream.	And from the moment that my inner liberty is threatened, destiny prowls around my external liberty as stealthily as a beast of prey that has long been tracking its victim.	Truly to act well we must do good because of our craving for good, a more intimate knowledge of goodness being all we expect in return.	The commonplace life still supplies her with weapons, which today are old-fashioned and crude.	There are beings who do thus obey the commands that their heart whispers low.	But let a Balzac step forward and stand in the midst of them, with his eyes and ears on the watch; and the emotion that lived and died in an old-fashioned country parlour shall as mightily stir our heart, shall as unerringly find its way to the deepest sources of life, as the majestic passion that ruled the life of a king and shed its triumphant lustre from the dazzling height of a throne.	To have reached this point is to reach the summit of inward life, whence at last we look down on the flames whose light has helped our ascent.	He, too, must go down and parley.	And truly, viewed from without, what life could be more dreary and colourless, more futile and icily cold, than that of Emily Bronte?	It is well that the bulk of mankind should listen to the instinct that prompts them to sacrifice self on the altar of duty, and that without too close self-questioning; for long must the questioning be ere consciousness will give forth the same answer as instinct.	And whoever is able to curb the blind force of instinct within him, is able to curb the force of external destiny also.	The man is not wise whose reason has not yet been taught to obey the first signal of love.	72.	The sea is not the less marvellous and mysterious to us though white sails be not for ever flitting over its surface; and neither tempest nor day that is radiant and calm is able to bring enfeeblement unto the life of our soul.	In unconsciousness we ever must dwell; but are able to purify, day after day, the unconsciousness that wraps us around.	But this was the misfortune that befell Paulus Aemilius.	He would have taken calamity to him, to all that was purest, most vast, in his soul; and misfortune, like water, espouses the form of the vase that contains it.	Every man has the cup of his fashioning, and most often the cup he has learned to desire.	If the flight to Varennes--in itself an act of duplicity and culpable weakness--had only been arranged a little less childishly, foolishly (as any man would have arranged it who was accustomed to the habits of life), there can be not a doubt that Louis XVI.	He may find his children in tears perhaps, or playing dangerous, forbidden games; the furniture scattered, glasses broken, a lamp overturned; but shall he therefore despair?	But from the moment we know, or even suspect, that these feelings lie dormant within us, we are already giving life to all that is best in those feelings; and it is as though we were, for one brief moment, looking down upon a glorious external destiny from heights such destiny shall only attain at the end of its days; as though we were prematurely gathering the fruit of the tree, which it shall itself still find barren until many a storm has passed.	96.	Fate would even seem to smile upon them; and Balzac, carried away in spite of himself by the reality of it all, ends his story, almost regretfully, with these words: "How the social villainies of this world would thrive under our laws if there were no God!"	It is of Emily Bronte I speak, than whom the first fifty years of this century produced no woman of greater or more incontestable genius.	Antigone's sacrifice may well be regarded as the type of all such as are made in the cause of duty.	95.	Such triumphs can help us but little if our reason be not taught thereby to offer profoundest submission to another and different instinct--that of the soul.	did not both his sons die, one five days before his triumph in Rome, and the other but three days after?	And there comes one along that is three times as high and as fierce as the rest.	Of her happiness none can doubt.	Yet do you not take the sage's birth into account as you ponder over his destiny.	Who that had gained the altitude of peace and comprehension whereon her soul reposed would still be wrought to feeble, bitter, unrefreshing tears by the cares and troubles and deceptions of ordinary life?	Is it not preferable sometimes to act in opposition to our thoughts than never dare to act in accord with them?	The assassin will tell you, "I murder, it is true, but at least do not steal."	Would the end of it all not have been as the end of all dramas must be wherein the sage is attacked--great sorrow surely, but also great radiance that springs from this sorrow, and already is partly triumphant over the shadow of grief?