[118] Act for a Company Trading to Africa and the Indies, 26th June 1695.	In moderate language, and in his most lucid manner, he answered his opponents, and expounded his own reasons for advising the Parliament of England to naturalise the Scottish nation.	_Rawlinson_ MSS., 157.	She thanked the Scottish Estates for the goodwill which they had displayed towards her; and she assured them that she regarded the offer of marriage as a token of their wish "to knit both theis kingdomes presently in Amytye, and hereafter to remaine in a perpetual Amytye."	Mary had not been in Scotland since her childhood.	[112] _An Historical Relation of the late Presbyterian General Assembly_, London, 1691; _An Account of the late Establishment of Presbyterian Government by the Parliament of Scotland_, London, 1693.	[38] Tractatus Foederis et Arctioris Amititiæ, 5th July 1586 (_Foedera_, xv.	[25] It was to press these views upon the statesmen of England that Maitland had been sent to London; and he was empowered to make an offer which shows that the Lords of the Congregation were in deadly earnest.	Both were based upon a divine sanction; and each was to be obeyed within its own sphere.	There was great difficulty in settling the question of representation.	[56] They also maintained that it was unreasonable that Scotsmen should be made capable of holding offices under the Crown in England; and on this point there was a keen argument.	I hope, therefore, no man will be so unreasonable as to think that I, that am a Christian king under the gospel, should be a polygamist and husband of two wives.” Apart from some grotesque illustrations such as this, the speech was well worthy of the occasion.	At the Revolution, and in consequence of the position in which the Episcopal clergy found themselves, it became the fixed policy of the Jacobites to call the attention of Englishmen to what was going on in the North; and during the reign of William there issued from the press a series of pamphlets, the purpose of which was to create a feeling against the Presbyterians so strong that, if a favourable opportunity should occur, the Scottish Establishment might be attacked and overthrown.	On the eve of the Revolution, when the bishops of England were opposing, with dignified firmness, the arbitrary pretensions of the king, the Scottish bishops had addressed him in terms of the most servile eulogy.	[125] Commons Journals, 5th March 1700.	"[20] Such was the advice of Cecil, set forth in a paper written apparently on the 5th of August.	England was to receive hostages for the due performance of these stipulations on the part of Scotland.	_Froude_, Mr., cited, 23, 28, 41.	By OLIPHANT SMEATON.	Thousands had perished from famine.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	TOBIAS SMOLLETT.	The New Learning was to be suppressed on the continent of Europe and in England; and the Queen Regent was expected to join France, Spain, and the Holy Father at Rome, in the league which they had formed for that purpose.	i.	_Portland_, Duke of, 133.	[74] _Calendar_, 1653-54, p. 258.	A Parliament was, therefore, summoned.	_Florence_, 81.	But the violence of Henry was in vain; and during his reign the Scottish people hated England as they had never hated her before.	Those women that can purchase plaids need not bestow much upon other clothes, these cover-sluts being sufficient.	"The kingdom of Scotland," they said, "being wholly independent, and not subject to the Crown of England, we cannot have reasonable security and satisfaction that the said kingdom will keep up, and tie itself, to the strict observation of the restrictions and limitations set down in the Act of Navigation, with relation to this matter."	They met at Westminster in October 1702, and agreed that the two countries should become one monarchy, with one Parliament, and a system of internal free trade.	593; Keith, 137.	In Law’s _Memorialls_ (edited from the MS. by Mr. Sharpe in 1818) there is a passage which, if it is to be relied on, shows that during this period the course of religion had been advanced by the policy of preventing the clergy interfering so constantly in politics.	Apparently the conferences were on the point of terminating abruptly within less than a month; for, on the 29th of January, the Scottish commissioners refused to go further until the question of the Navigation Act was settled, and the English refused to act until the whole of the Scottish demands were laid before them.	_Mary_, Queen of England (wife of William III.	II.	The exercise of jurisdiction in Scotland was prohibited, except under the authority of the Parliament of England.	_Law_, Rev.	“The best worldly felicity,” he said, “that Scotland can have is either to continue in a perpetual peace with the kingdom of England, or to be made one monarchy with England, as they both make but one isle divided from the rest of the world.” But this was impossible if the French were allowed to govern Scotland; for they would use Scotland for their own purposes, and “make a footstool thereof to look over England as they may.” As no heir had been born to the Queen of Scots, and as she was absent from her kingdom, the nobles and commons of Scotland ought, under the guidance of the Hamiltons, who were the next heirs to the Crown, to free the land of idolatry by such a Reformation as had already taken place in England; and, “before the French grew too strong and insolent,” a number of abuses which threatened to ruin the country should be remedied.	[43] Spotswood, 476.	By Professor CALDERWOOD.	in the Bodleian Library that several English bishops, some of the Scottish peers, and some members of the Scottish Whig party, had held a private conference and agreed that the Jacobite clergy should be unmolested.	_The Early History     of the     Scottish Union Question_     _By     G. W. T. Omond_     _Author of     "Fletcher of Saltoun" in the "Famous Scots" Series_     _Bi-Centenary Edition_     _Edinburgh & London     Oliphant Anderson & Ferrier     1906_     _Now Complete in 42 Volumes_     _The Famous Scots Series_     _Post 8vo, Art Canvas, 1s.	553.	[87] _Letters and Journals_, iii.	But, to all intents and purposes, the country was now thoroughly subdued.	"The country," says one writer, "is full of lakes and loughs, and they are well stocked with islands; so that a map thereof looks like a pillory coat bespattered all over with dirt and rotten eggs, some pieces of the shells floating here and there representing the islands."	[106] It is not wonderful that the Presbyterians, when they obtained the ascendency, should have excluded from power the authors of this address.	Linen imported from Scotland was now so heavily taxed that it hardly paid the producer to bring it into England.	The first to take the field were “two persons of quality.” Sir George Mackenzie, the late Lord Advocate, and Lord Tarbat, afterwards the first Earl of Cromartie, went to London at the crisis of the Revolution, and published a pamphlet, the purpose of which was to persuade the Prince of Orange that the principles of the Presbyterians were not only inconsistent with monarchy, but even destructive of all human society.	"This excessive boasting," he says, "that he had prevailed in this over Hyde, Middletoun, and all the English, did somewhat contribute to renew the old discords which had formerly been entertained between the two nations; and occasioned the making of those severe Acts, whereby the Parliament of England debarred the Scots from freedom of trade in their plantations, and from enjoying the benefit of natives in the privilege of shipping.	Most of the ministers who had been ejected at the Restoration were now dead, but sixty veterans still survived, and they were restored to their livings.	_Martyr_, Peter, letter to, from Jewel, quoted, 41.	how can we alienate them from England?	Their beasts be generally small, women excepted, of which sort there are no greater in the world.... As for fruits, for their grandam Eve's sake they never planted any, and for other trees, had Christ been betrayed in this country, as doubtless he should have been, had he come as a stranger amongst them, Judas had sooner found the grace of repentance than one tree to hang himself on....	_Darnley_, 46.	596.	See paragraph 1.E below.	A second edition of _The Scotch Presbyterian Eloquence_ was published in 1694, a third in 1719, and there have been other editions since.	602.	Let everything, they said, which is past and gone be forgotten--Edward the First and Wallace, Bruce and Bannockburn, Flodden and Pinkie, all the long roll of victories and defeats on one side or another; let the words England and Scotland be obliterated; and let the two nations become one under the name of Great Britain, with Elizabeth as ruler of the United Kingdoms.	But, in the end, the intrigues of the Episcopal faction prevailed; and it was resolved to establish an Episcopal Church in Scotland.	The Estates met in May, but were adjourned until October.	1.E.7.	[10] The crown matrimonial of Scotland was conferred upon the Dauphin; but the oath of fidelity which the Scottish ambassadors took to the heir of France, as King of Scotland, was framed so as to exclude any allegiance beyond that which the subjects of Scotland had hitherto acknowledged as due to their native princes.	[12] Address to the Council, in Mr. Froude’s _History of England_, vol.	Against the advice of Bacon, but with the support of the judges, they insisted on an uniform system of laws for the two countries; a proposal to which the representatives of Scotland would not listen.	Parl.	The Scottish commissioners proposed that all the members of the Scottish Estates should be members of the Parliament.	He was a Lord of the Congregation.	An order was issued which illustrates the position of affairs between the countries.	_Inchmartyn_, Sir John de, at the Parliament of Westminster, 12.	All taxes were to be levied proportionably from the whole people of the Commonwealth.	And there is no doubt that besides mere solicitation and appeals to interested motives, there was direct bribery.	All trade between the two countries had been forbidden.	[98] In January 1668 the commissioners met.	_Primrose_, Sir Archibald, 140.	178.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	When, fifty years later, the Union was finally accomplished, one of the most difficult questions which the statesmen of the two countries had to discuss was the question of the Church.	cap.	998.