And so there was dish after dish set before them, and they were commanded freely to eat.	‘But if they shall, notwithstanding thy summons and the producing of     thy authority, resist, stand out against thee, and rebel, then do I     command thee to make use of all thy cunning, power, might, and force,     to bring them under by strength of hand.	I told you before, whom these riddles did concern; and as they were opened, the people did evidently see it was so.	_Beel._  If the case be so with Mansoul, as Mr. Profane has described it to be, it will be no great matter what day we assault it; not their prayers, nor their power will do them much service.	‘And take this for your comfort, (our birth, and our offspring,) that shall we again surprise it and take it, we will attempt to put all your foes to the sword, and will make you the great lords and captains of the place.	Be ruled then, and accept of my brother’s invitation, and overstand not the time of mercy, but agree with thine adversary quickly.	But at Eye-gate he placed that grim-faced one, the Captain Past-Hope, and there also now he did set up his terrible standard.	Set him by, gaoler, and set Mr. False-Peace to the bar.	In All-base Lane, at a house next door to the sign of the Conscience seared with a hot iron.	But thou shalt have very fair play.	for to him I would deliver my message.’ Then said the giant (for Diabolus was also come down) to the captain, ‘Mr.	Come, Mr. Know-All, look upon the prisoner at the bar; do you know him?	My Lord Willbewill did also take a notable Diabolonian, whose name was Loose-Foot: this Loose-Foot was a scout to the vagabonds in Mansoul, and that did use to carry tidings out of Mansoul to the camp, and out of the camp to those of the enemies in Mansoul.	The thoughts of his greatness did quite quash them, and the thoughts of his holiness sunk them in despair.	‘We therefore give you to understand that our stout, furious, and unmerciful Diabolus is raising, for your relief, and the ruin of the rebellious town of Mansoul, more than twenty thousand doubters to come against that people.	Now if you have not forgot, you may yet remember that I told you before, that after Emmanuel had taken Mansoul, yea, and after that he had new modelled the town, there remained in several lurking places of the corporation many of the old Diabolonians, that either came with the tyrant when he invaded and took the town, or that had there, by reason of unlawful mixtures, their birth and breeding, and bringing up.	Nor shall any of those incivilities, wherewith you have offended me, be ever charged upon you by me, so long as the sun and moon endure.	Then answered them the Recorder and my Lord Mayor, ‘Oh!	Wherefore I desire, my lord, that you will in this matter do as I say.	Now, in this war, you must needs think there was much loss on both sides, of which be pleased to accept of this brief account following.	Mr.	I will make thee to leave.’  Yea, he also knew who the messenger was that carried the petition to the Prince, and it made him both to fear and rage.	Whether we had best to seek its ruin by making Mansoul loose and vain.	So they were called, and they appeared.	But they came at length to the gates of the town, (now the townsmen with earnestness were waiting for their return,) where many met them, to know what answer was made to the petition.	And more particularly, ‘1.	; but here, you see, we have witnesses to prove that you are the man.	Yet I will consider your petition, and will answer it so as will be for my glory.	Knowledge the Recorder, not of contempt to old Mr. Conscience, who had been Recorder before, but for that it was in his princely mind to confer upon Mr. Conscience another employ, of which he told the old gentleman he should know more hereafter.	‘For,’ said he, ‘we now stand in need of, and are pleading for mercy: wherefore, to send our petition by a man of this name, will seem to cross the petition itself.	They will also at such a time be less able to defend themselves, and to offend you in the prosecution of our design.	‘Third.	The townsmen also took great encouragement at this act of Mr.	Nor hath my lord laid it down as that which must not be receded from; for I know that he said it only to provoke to a warm debate thereabout.	_Clerk_.	But, oh!	As for Mr.	So Incredulity came up and showed himself over the wall; but when the Captain Boanerges had set his eyes upon him, he cried out aloud, ‘This is not he: where is my Lord Understanding, the ancient Lord Mayor of the town of Mansoul?	So, when they had made this apology, Mr. Desires-awake cast himself prostrate upon the ground, as at the first, at the feet of the mighty Prince, saying, ‘Oh!	(and methinks nature and reason should teach them to do it;) and what if they should keep such a watch on those days as the necessity of their present case doth require?	Remember ye not that thus we prevailed upon Laodicea, and how many at present do we hold in this snare?	For this you must know, that there was conjoined herewith every man’s name in Mansoul; also the seals of the pardon made a brave show.	But they bid him that in anywise he should take heed that in no word or carriage he gave offence to the Prince; ‘For by doing so, for ought we can tell, you may bring Mansoul into utter destruction,’ said they.	Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors,’ etc.	Recorder, the captains carried it very reservedly to him; as yet he knew nothing of the great designs of Emmanuel, so that he did not know what judgment to make, nor what would be the end of such thundering beginnings.	The next day, therefore, they came together and consulted; and after consultation had, they resolved to give an answer to the captain of Diabolus with slings; and so they did at the rising of the sun on the morrow; for Diabolus had adventured to come nearer again, but the sling-stones were to him and his like hornets.	_Hate_.	His colours were the white colours for the town of Mansoul; and his scutcheon was the dead lion and dead bear.	‘But, O Mansoul, if you will give yourselves into our hands, or rather into the hands of our King, and will trust him to make such terms with and for you as shall seem good in his eyes, (and I dare say they shall be such as you shall find to be most profitable to you,) then we will receive you, and be at peace with you; but if you like not to trust yourselves in the arms of Shaddai our King, then things are but where they were before, and we know also what we have to do.’ Then cried out old Incredulity, the Lord Mayor, and said, ‘And who, being out of the hands of their enemies, as ye see we are now, will be so foolish as to put the staff out of their own hands into the hands of they know not who?	‘For,’ thought he, ‘since I beat them once, I may beat them twice.’  Wherefore he commanded his men to be ready at such an hour of the night, to make a fresh assault upon the town; and he gave it out in special that they should bend all their force against Feel-gate, and attempt to break into the town through that.	Now Diabolus himself did manage the townsmen in the war, and that at every gate; wherefore their resistance was the more forcible, hellish, and offensive to Emmanuel.	So they were brought to the cross, and that by Mansoul, in most solemn manner; for the Prince said that this should be done by the hand of the town of Mansoul, ‘that I may see,’ said he, ‘the forwardness of my now redeemed Mansoul to keep my word, and to do my commandments; and that I may bless Mansoul in doing this deed.	Then did the Prince’s trumpets sound, the captains shout, the town shake, and Diabolus retreat to his hold.	And now did they begin to feel what were the effects of stubborn rebellion, and unlawful resistance against their Prince.	To whom Mr. Godly-Fear replied, (for he it was that had the charge of that gate,) that the gate should not be opened unto him, nor to the men that followed after him.	_Know_.	Now, when the battle was over, the Prince commanded that yet once more the white flag should be set upon Mount Gracious in sight of the town of Mansoul, to show that yet Emmanuel had grace for the wretched town of Mansoul.	‘These captains,’ said he, ‘do love the town of Mansoul, and they are picked men, picked out of abundance, as men that best suit, and that will most faithfully serve in the wars of Shaddai against the Diabolonians, for the preservation of the town of Mansoul.	Often hast thou made thy proposals already, nor is this last a whit better than they.	After things were thus far put into order in the famous town of Mansoul, care was taken, and order given by the blessed Prince Emmanuel, that the townsmen should, without further delay, appoint some to go forth into the plain to bury the dead that were there,—the dead that fell by the sword of Emmanuel, and by the shield of the Captain Credence,—lest the fumes and ill savours that would arise from them might infect the air, and so annoy the famous town of Mansoul.	‘Now, King of kings, let it please thee to pardon the unsuccessfulness of thy servants, who have been no more advantageous in so desirable a work as the conquering of Mansoul is.	So they told them all passages that had happened to them at the camp, and everything that the Prince did to them.	Their subordinate preacher, too, made a sermon about it; and he took that theme for his text, ‘Gad, a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last.’  Whence he showed, that though Mansoul should be sorely put to it at the first, yet the victory should most certainly be Mansoul’s at the last.	_Lust_.	Nor am I come out this day against thee, but by commandment of my Father; it was he that said unto me, “Go down and deliver Mansoul.” ‘Wherefore be it known unto thee, O thou fountain of deceit, and be it also known to the foolish town of Mansoul, that I am not come against thee this day without my Father.	Besides, can we but draw them out into the field, we may lay an ambush behind the town, which shall, when they are come forth abroad, rush in and take possession of the castle.’ But Beelzebub stood up, and replied, saying: ‘It is impossible to draw them all off from the castle; some, you may be sure, will lie there to keep that; wherefore it will be but in vain thus to attempt, unless we were sure that they will all come out.’  He therefore concluded that what was done must be done by some other means.	The army consisted of above forty thousand, all true men, for they came from the King’s own court, and were those of his own choosing.	Now when he was come, and had presented himself, he also delivered to them his letter, and adjoined this compliment to them therewith: ‘My lords, from the confines of the pit, the high and mighty principalities and powers of the den salute you here, the true Diabolonians of the town of Mansoul.	Thou knowest that all that thou hast now said in this matter is nothing but guile and deceit; and is, as it was the first, so is it the last card that thou hast to play.	This made the prisoners look pale; but the messengers proceeded and said, ‘He, the Prince, said, moreover, that yet he would consider your petition, and give such answer thereto as would stand with his glory.’  And as these words were spoken, Mr. Wet-Eyes gave a great sigh.	Then did the Lord Mayor of Mansoul cause the bells to be rung, ‘and that thanks should be sent to the Lord High Secretary by the mouth of the subordinate preacher; for that by his words the captains and elders of Mansoul had been strengthened against Diabolus.’ When Diabolus saw that his captains and soldiers, high lords and renowned, were frightened, and beaten down by the stones that came from the golden slings of the Prince of the town of Mansoul, he bethought himself, and said, ‘I will try to catch them by fawning, I will try to flatter them into my net.’ Wherefore, after a while, he came down again to the wall, not now with his drum, nor with Captain Sepulchre; but having all besugared his lips, he seemed to be a very sweet-mouthed, peaceable prince, designing nothing for humour’s sake, nor to be revenged on Mansoul for injuries by them done to him; but the welfare, and good, and advantage of the town and people therein was now, as he said, his only design.	They could, they said, have no rest day nor night because of their transgressions against Shaddai and against Emmanuel, his Son.	‘First.	None in the universe so unhappy as they, none so trampled upon as they.	No noise now so terrible to Mansoul as was his, with the noise of the soldiers and shoutings of the captains.	Amen.’ This petition, as was touched afore, was handed by the Lord Secretary, and carried to the court by the brave and most stout Captain Credence.	But when the petition was drawn up, By whom should they send it?	Wherefore, that you may take courage to yourselves to apprehend these villains wherever you find them, I give to you, my Lord Mayor, my Lord Willbewill, and Mr.	However, their looseness of life is a sign that there is not much heart in what they do, and without the heart things are little worth.	The cause, or rather the advantage that my Lord Willbewill had at this time to do thus, was for that the captains were gone out to fight the enemy in the field.	But when the Prince saw that neither mercy nor judgment, nor execution of judgment, would or could come near the heart of Mansoul, he was touched with much compunction, and said, ‘Surely this strange carriage of the town of Mansoul doth rather arise from ignorance of the manner and feats of war, than from a secret defiance of us, and abhorrence of their own lives; or if they know the manner of the war of their own, yet not the rites and ceremonies of the wars in which we are concerned, when I make wars upon mine enemy Diabolus.’ Therefore he sent to the town of Mansoul, to let them know what he meant by those signs and ceremonies of the flag; and also to know of them which of the things they would choose, whether grace and mercy, or judgment and the execution of judgment.	My lord, all that the first witness has said I know to be true, and a great deal more besides.	_Court_.