You can't find any answer.	1.E.5.	Before long, your riches from the generator are piling in.	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	It's simpler just to figure that this is the way time got bent back on itself.	Either they don't know it, or they take it for granted that everyone does, which seems more probable.	Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.	"You can't exert yourself that hard in this heat, fellow," the cop says.	Find the museum, grab the motor, and get out.	But of course, just as I did, you're going to miss a lot of what I say from now on, and have to find out for yourself.	Well, you won't be able to change the time cycle by doing anything I haven't told you, but a working model such as that is a handy thing.	The building seems deserted and you wander up the stairs.	You still don't believe it, but you pick up the atomic generator and the information sheets, and you head down toward the service elevator.	And he is.	But maybe some of it helps.	So you go to the end and look over the thing.	He snaps it open and you get set to duck.	In fact, there's no door there.	It's quite a hobby with me, sir.	But the elevator has closed and is moving downward in a hurry.	You lift it; it only weighs about fifty pounds!	"Since nobody ever stole it, it's safe."	1.E.8.	What's more, he speaks pretty clearly.	Some of them can be decoded to stationery shops, fountains, and the like.	You can't feel any motion, of course.	"I'm staying here," I tell you.	"What century is this, anyway?"	He pumps you for some more information, which you give him at random.	But when you put it together again, about an hour later, you notice something.	You still feel gravity, but I can't explain that, either.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.org/license).	But you should have come to me."	Royalty payments      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax      returns.	There isn't.	You go down that corridor, up one flight of stairs and left.	You put one leg in front of the other and you begin racing down the walk, ducking past people, who stare at you with expressions you haven't time to see.	You get up your courage and go up to a boy selling something that might be papers on tapes.	Fine, I won't have to give you an appearance schedule.	You'll never know what the shouting was about--whether they finally doped out the fact that they'd been robbed, or whether they were trying to help you.	Ahead of you, the gate is closed.	Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.	That way, it isn't so bad.	You swallow several sets of tonsils you had removed years before, and take the bundle of papers he hands you out of the little case.	You head for it, and find the sidewalk is marked with the information that it is the museum.	Section 1.	You pardon him pretty eagerly and he wanders off happily.	It's obviously a service elevator and we're in a dim corridor, with nobody around.	He finally smiles in satisfaction and heads back to the museum.	The cop catches your arm and you know you're not going to get away, so you stop.	I'm asking questions of a man, who points, and I turn and move off.	You get out--and realize you don't have a light.	"How far?"	You stumble down the stairs, feeling all the futuristic rays in the world on your back, and still nothing happens.	- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any      money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days      of receipt of the work.	Doesn't hurt, and when you pull your arm back, you're still sound and uninjured.	If you don't, it's a good way of going crazy.	I probably can't help it, anyhow.	But then a guard comes to the gate.	This is a sub-sub-sub-basement.	Finest display in all the known worlds.	Suddenly, there's a confused yell from the direction of the elevator and a beam of light strikes against your eyes, with a shout punctuating it.	1.C.	Just let us know when you're finished with the model and we'll pick it up."	And you begin to see why I decided I might like to stay in the future.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	1.F.2.	You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.	And the guard comes up, holding some dinkus in his hand, about the size of a big folding camera and not too dissimilar in other ways.	Twenty floors up seems about the maximum.	Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.	Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.	"What about the time machine?"	The mayor of Altasecarba--Centaurian, you know--is arriving, but I'll be back in about ten minutes.	He stands just inside the door of the building as you reach it.	They are building lower than they used to, apparently.	There's a little sign under it, indicating you shouldn't touch it, since the gravostatic plate is being renewed.	You can't see any bolts, but you can't budge it, either.	"Fine, fine.	*       *       *       *       * You go up the steps, but you see that it seems to be closed.