Tell me, dear Sir; sure you must know.	ELINA.	(Recovers himself quickly.)	What if they knew the secret?	Yet did you speak of her----   NILS STENSSON.	NILS LYKKE.	I have one sound hand left yet.	Was it?	LADY INGER.	NILS LYKKE.	With me?	No; rather humble her---- ----     (Paces the room.)	Now has he no longer any plea for keeping from me what is my own.	(Firmly to OLAF SKAKTAVL.)	But after all, 'tis not much to say.	Know, then, that the King and his Council see clearly that we can have no sure footing in Norway so long as the nobles and the people continue, as now, to think themselves wronged and oppressed.	But I am not Count Sture.	Unhappy child,--what have you done?	If it please you, then, let me understand what brings you hither.	Know then, Nils Lykke was the man that brought your sister to her grave.	Should naturally come from Sweden.	The last Count Sture left a son----   LADY INGER (with a cry).	You thought that the ugly secret was buried with her;--but she told me all.	LADY INGER.	Then the first thing is to put a guard on the gate; then we are sure of him.	I hate him.	Many were the wooers around you.	It is well; he has said as much to me.	ELINA.	Peter Kanzler, say you?	I will no longer be wild and heedless; I will be even as other well-born youths.--Tell me,--knows she that I am here?	Olaf Skaktavl,--it lies with you whether to-morrow I shall be a childless woman, or----   OLAF SKAKTAVL.	NILS STENSSON       is seen outside.)	BIORN (to ELINA).	Ha-ha-ha!	NILS LYKKE (raises her up on his lap).	The STRANGER stands gazing at her,       motionless, leaning on his sword.)	No, no,--it must not be!	ELINA.	Dear God--how little I have known myself!	An ambuscade!	'Tis for that alone I am here.	LADY INGER.	(Turns again to FINN.)	And were we ever less united in this land than we are even now?--No, if aught is to be done, it must be done secretly and in silence.	LADY INGER.	It is of older date.	NILS LYKKE.	Him I will never forgive!	Oh no, Inger Gyldenlove,-- I know full well,--you will never suffer that to be!	LADY INGER (composedly, with emphasis).	And you did not bethink you that you were acting rashly?	NILS STENSSON.	EINAR HUK.	We shall meet no more; for before day-break I shall be gone.	What does this mean?	No threatening looks from forefathers or kinsfolk.	LADY INGER.	Elina!	The wolves were on her track; it was life or death with her;--and one by one she cast out her little ones, to gain time and save herself.	And it lies with me?	NILS LYKKE.	NILS LYKKE.	NILS STENSSON.	_I_ Sten Sture's son!	From all this I chiefly conclude that, as you know Nils Lykke and the name he bears, especially as concerns women----   LADY INGER.	I may be on the brink of great discoveries----     (Notices that the Servants are laying the table and lighting       the lamps in the Banquet Hall, and says to OLAF SKAKTAVL:)   Ah, I see Lady Inger has taken order for the evening meal.	It is no jesting matter.	Elina Gyldenlove,--I have no right to keep you here; but 'twill be unlike your nobleness if you refuse to hear what I have to say to you.	Methinks I still can see the long procession that passed into the banquet-hall, heavily, two by two.	NILS LYKKE.	Come with me now into yonder chamber, and I will tell you how all these matters stand, and what you have still to do.	Then hear what I have to say--I have sought, so far as lay in my power, to keep you in ignorance of all our griefs and miseries.	What would you do?	It has never been my part to plot and plan.	And the two words, Nils Lykke?--the two words----?	NILS STENSSON.	Oh, that merciless man----!	You are the first woman that has flung back a gift of mine with scorn at my feet.	May be so.	But remember, all this will be merely your ruin, if you should forget what you swore to me by your father's salvation.	ELINA.	Ha-ha-ha.