Hanlon read from the surface of his mind the thought that this man was a wonderful friend, "and probably no menace to our plans at all.	It did things no caval, and no Estrellan, had ever heard of before.	Even in the moon's rays he could see that it was too vertical, too smooth, for a swift downward climb.	Carefully he inched his way along toward the nearest window from which a light showed.	His father had not been too certain that this was a logical channel of investigation, but was quite willing to let Hanlon try it--the Corps _had_ to have that information, and each man of the secret service should work the way that seemed best to him.	He held out his shaking hands, and looked at them critically.	the alien asked, and its thoughts were almost a wail.	It was something fairly recent, introduced by Elus Amir.	The man staggered, reeled backward.	Inside he pointed out the dining room, then led the way upstairs and down a short hall.	His bruises, burns and cuts smarted painfully from the salt.	For the Federation statesmen and Survey men had been glad and anxious to answer fully and truthfully every question that had been asked of them.	It just doesn't seem possible that all of them should have lost control of their cavals at exactly the same time.	"He always speaks well of you."	"The stranger was only defending himself against an unprovoked attack by Ugen," Auldin explained to the cafe's men.	Elus Amir shrugged, and his answer was to the first part of his friend's speech.	"You can be sure that when I do get the truth I shall call for Irad's impeachment.	he asked Irad, whom he did not yet suspect.	He was silent a moment, then added slowly, "But as to what you have said, and this book ... well, I promise to study them thoroughly."	"I'm looking for an open window or door."	But, as soon as the bird started looking through windows, Hanlon knew he had uncovered more than a clue.	This was apparently a sort of living room or library, as he could see a number of easy chairs, carbide lamps on standards for reading, a couple of small tables with art objects or flowers on them.	Soon he saw the native come running between the trees, straight in his direction.	But so far they haven't shown anything conclusive, except that the rumors are spreading rapidly, and that lately they have included the whispers that Terrans are back of the crime wave."	"Me and my big swelled head," he castigated himself furiously.	The cat did not like it.	Immediately upon awakening he sent part of his mind back into that of the cat.	They waited with impatience while they knew the bird Hanlon was controlling was seeking the proper portion of the interior of that great building.	When I was freed, I figured the quickest way to find you was to come here and wait.	Nor were they usually as fierce and blood-thirsty as they seemed.	Here was a good chance, Hanlon thought, both to be nice to an oldster and to get some more general and perhaps specific information.	Along that thread of thought sped the warning, and Hanlon's body and the balance of his mind came fully awake.	Yandor snapped, and the man dropped the leashes he held.	Hanlon turned his head and sneered into the man's face.	From what Hanlon had said he knew the men were Irad's.	He looked up toward the cliff-top, and could see men running along it.	Was it that wide-spread, that even the supposed law-keepers were party to it?	But as soon as the door was shut--and locked--he turned angrily on Auldin.	"What in Snyder's name does that mean?"	*       *       *       *       * _In the spaceship the strange being knew a feeling of profound disquiet.	One great lack amused him.	Auldin rose, took some of the five-sided silver pentas from his pocket and dropped them on the table.	And his body stiffened suddenly at what he found.	"Hmmm," the admiral thought swiftly.	Was dad?"	Behind he could hear the yells of the gunman who was on his trail, apparently calling to someone else.	Inside Manning's room, he went about the sad business of collecting the dead secret serviceman's gear and belongings, to be sent back home on the sneakboat.	I'm sure going to watch and listen carefully today."	Lying on the bed in the little room, therefore, he quested about the nearby neighborhood trees until he found a swift-flying bird he could use.	"Exactly, k'nyer.	Hanlon would get him a brand new animal, one far different from those on this planet, where all the native animals were tailless.	The caval, released from its compulsion, took off across the meadow at top speed.	Else why or how could they have been hiding in semi-darkness, to come rushing out of that door, their flamers ready to cinder him?	He accepted gratefully the cup of coffee they gave him, and griped for five solid minutes about those gosh-awful excuses for transportation these so-and-so natives used.	"Well, keep the vicious thing caged after this, then," and Egon stomped out of the house, the other two men silently following.	"His nose seems false, too," the third man said.	Yet, at the same time, the young man realized stunningly that Yandor, too, was as much afraid of _his_ superior as Auldin was of Yandor ... and Hanlon knew after a fleet scanning of the gangster's mind that he now felt relief that Yandor had not been investigating him through Hanlon.	"Wish I had a brass band," he grinned to himself.	"By the shade of Snyder, but this is spooky.	My abilities must be very small indeed, even though I have always considered myself so competent.	"Thanks for the tip.	I discovered it some time ago, and after thorough study of it decided to annex it to my oligarchy.	"Yes, k'nyer.	For Ebony created such a sensation that it took Yandor nearly an hour longer than usual to get to his office.	Yandor was swayed by this impassioned appeal, it was plain to be seen.	He could have told this old man that while the Corps and the Federation statesmen recognized that the Estrellans were not as far advanced in some sciences and technologies as were the Terrans and their colonists on other worlds, they did respect these people as possessors of excellent minds and abilities.	Chafing at the delay, his mind a turmoil of tortured thoughts, conflict between his desire to rush and the logical knowledge that he must wait until dark, Hanlon passed the most miserable time of his young life.	He ought to be ripe now."	I'm sure I can find a job somewhere."	Also it seemed, in the moonlight, that the rocky surface was getting rougher, more climbable.	"Don't let them kill me," he pleaded in agonized tones.	(Hanlon doubted the man had gone through the streets masked--probably had put it on just before entering Yandor's office.)	Incidentally, Hanlon wondered, how badly was Amir hurt?	He had been used to working alone in the service.	"I'm not," grimly.	Yet it was a weird feeling, even though he had found how wonderfully it could and did help him in the important work assigned him by the secret service high command.	"Boy, that's a sloppy job, and how," he exclaimed, disgusted with his handiwork.	"So maybe they can kill me ... after torturing me.	But Egon, or Irad, had certainly felt pain when Ebony scratched his chin, and had made quite a fuss about it.	The Ruler looked startled, but said nothing to this, although he became very thoughtful as he left.	No, he finally decided, probably this fellow was just a dumb, unimaginative sort of dope.	Instantly he pushed his mind through ... down and down, in and into the deeper parts of Irad's thoughts and memories.	He attacked it with all his mental strength, and it began to crumble a bit faster.