Until he vanished."	I hung on with both hands to keep from falling; only Adric's habitual reflexes kept me from tumbling ignominiously to the ground.	The others had not been idle while we fought the falcons.	Side by side, we ran down the road together.	Gamine's voice.	I had been trained to use my power only through the Sacrifice.	Was I fooling her--or was she only playing my own game, and playing it a little better?	They were sworded, but their swords were blunt, like children's toys; they were a regiment of corpses, of zombies.	I let him ride.	But after that, Adric's reign had collapsed like the unstable arch it had been.	"Go with Kerrel, little sister," he ordered in a quiet voice; Kerrel took her arm and they hurried out of the room, the winged cloak she wore fluttering on her shoulders.	I dashed the colorless thing to the floor, giving it a savage kick.	I heard Adric moving; heard receding steps and the risp of a closing door.	Down there--" But I did not hear the rest, for my mind completed it.	CHAPTER THREE Flowers of Danger I turned my back on the window.	"I'm crazy.	My last coherent thought before the breath went out of me, was-- "I'm waking up!"	I heard the jingle of little bells.	"Over there, you fool!"	"The deer walks safest at the hunter's door," Narayan quoted laughing.	I snorted, but spoke pleasantly.	What was I supposed to do?	I sat at the barred window of Adric's high room, trying to force memory from the alien mind in which I was prisoner.	"Oh, I'm not hurt," I smiled at her, making my voice gentle for her ear alone.	"Well, now tell me.	He wore deep green from head to foot, similar to the crimson garments that clothed me.	I give you this power, freely--to spare you.	They trusted Adric, too.	he shouted.	Cynara and Narayan!	"Rhys is a Dreamer, yes.	"We'll meet that when the time comes, little sister.	I am very old and it does not matter.	Good, good!	"I'll talk with him alone."	Narayan went into the next room, assuming that I would follow and that I knew my way around.	Betray me?	Against the nightmare haste that drove me I ran to the closet, quickly, from the racks of weapons, chose a short ugly knife.	We were in a grove, tree-ringed like a Druid temple, lit by watch-fires and the waver of torches.	Idris scrambled, monkey-fashion, from the saddle.	"Adric was--strong."	I suppose, for him, it was an easy way out.	I hated him because, once, I had been weak enough to share his feelings.	"What is Gamine to me?"	Gamine was no friend to Adric, I knew that.	Nor should Narayan.	He is harmless as yet--but he wakes, and he walks!	A volcano of hate so great I must turn my face away burned up in me.	Evarin flung himself carelessly on a divan embroidered in silken purple and gestured me to follow his example.	That meant Adric could "remember" everything I had done and planned with Narayan!	Memories of strange hunts and a big bird on the pommel of a high saddle.	I pulled it out with a secret smile.	Still, there seemed to be sympathy in the sharply-edged tones.	"You have been roughly handled," he said in apology, "Just sit still a minute.	Gamine's musical voice was not raised, yet it carried perfectly to my ears.	And Adric should rot in a hell of his own choosing for that!	"Her heart's beating.	The singing flowers of Karamy's garden--I remembered their lotus song.	There had been knives and swords in the closet; I took out one to look at it, and before I realized what I was doing I had belted it across my hip.	Wrath--Adric's wrath--boiled up in me; but Evarin moved lithely backward.	My Dreamer grows strong--but he serves me!"	My terrified horse plunged and I rocked in the saddle nearly falling.	We felt betrayed when you left us, when you shut yourself up alone with your stars!	Adric; try to remember.	Evarin's lip twisted up.	The wings of her cloak lifted and fluttered across her shoulders as if they would fly of themselves.	I had orders."	In the end it was only Narayan and Cynara who rode with me to Rainbow City.	Rhys and I have been in contact for a long time."	It had been at least forty-eight hours since I had last tasted food, and I did justice to the plateful before me.	Friend, or enemy?	Thank God, I knew my way around, I could remember everything I'd done when I was Adric--but wait!	Adric was gone; clean gone.	She knew I'd come back changed--or mad--or not at all.	Karamy's amnesia-rays took the rest of your memory.	I shook my head, puzzled.	The birds flew toward it like a moth to the candle.	They were watching me, trouble and fright in their greyness.	I had no idea what; Karamy had reached that far back and blurred, though not entirely erased, my memory.	The subconscious Adric was guiding me.	Her glowing face burned through my sting of fear.	Staring, I realized that the flowers themselves sang.	Kerrel had taken the army, in sections, to set an ambush for Karamy's guards; we rode in the opposite direction, by a twisting side road.