Outside more of the green beams were concentrating on this one point of resistance.	Then it quieted to a whisper.	Their minds cannot be read, they cannot be restored to life, so we cannot learn from them."	"Life-form of greed, from another star you came, destroying forever the great race that created us, the Beings of Force and the Beings of Metal.	Then suddenly the whine of transmuted air died, and again the forces strained.	The greenish beams had been striving to kill the life that was in the machines, but it was life invulnerable to these beams.	Again that weird process began, but now there were no flashing tentacles.	In common with all life-forms, they were able to withstand only very meager earth-acceleration.	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	"Man is doomed, if these beams cannot be stopped," said C-R-21, present chief of the machine rulers, in the vibrationally correct, emotionless tones of all the race of machines.	It passed through the guinea pig, and the little animal fell dead.	Now you have planted the seed.	Minor spelling and typographical errors     have been corrected without note.	Suddenly, a livid beam reached from F-2, shot through the wall, and to some hidden inner mechanism--a beam of solid, livid flame that glowed in an almost material cylinder.	1.E.4.	"It is evident," he began, "that the machines must defend man.	asked Kahsh-256799, one of the Man-rulers.	Then all the awful power of annihilating matter was thrown against them, and titanic flaming screens reeled back under the force of the beams, and the screens of the ships from Outside flamed gradually violet, then blue, orange--red--the interference was getting broader, and ever less effective.	Not of man's flesh, but of a better flesh, a flesh that knows no sickness, and no decay, a flesh that spends no thousands of years in advancing a step in its full evolution, but overnight leaps ahead to new heights.	Powerful radio interference vainly attempted to stem imagined control, and still these intelligent machines clung grimly on.	Torpedoes, being our principal weapon, were equipped with such atomic explosives as had been developed for blasting, a highly effective induction-heat ray developed for furnaces being installed in some small machines made for the purpose in the few hours we had before the enemy reached Earth.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	The machines were unaffected by them, but the rapid change told them why it was that so thorough an execution was necessary.	Go now to your home planet, for see, your greatest ship, your flagship, is helpless before me."	In the great Laboratories, the scientists reassembled.	I have lived--a century and a half.	Roal's eyes were dreaming again.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	Scores of great transports arrived, carrying swiftly the slower moving science-investigators.	If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.	In an incredibly short time the bodies of the Outsiders began to decay, and the humans were forced to demand their removal.	You thought of hydrogen?	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.	The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	"Man is gone, and it is better, Trest," said Roal, dreaming again.	Half an hour later, nine thousand six hundred and thirty-three titanic ships moved majestically on.	In an hour, three more colonies of humans had been destroyed.	The Ultimate Energy is at our disposal," replied F-2.	Lurid flares of energy shot up, now and again they played over the fighting, mingling, dancing forces.	My Intelligence is beyond your comprehension, my memory is engraved in the very space, the fabric of space of which I am a part, mine is energy drawn from that same fabric.	Transcriber's Note:     This etext was produced from _Amazing Stories_ March 1961 and was     first published in _Amazing Stories_ August 1932.	These tiny dancing motes, that hung now so motionlessly grim beside some giant ship, could generate all the power they themselves were capable of, and within them strange, horny-skinned men worked and slaved, as they fed giant machines--poor inefficient giants.	"Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.	*       *       *       * There was a dull, drumming beat, a beat that rose, and became a low-pitched hum.	Already, with his parts, X-5638 had constructed the defensive apparatus, for the ray fell harmless from his screen.	"Why should they?	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	Life--cruel life--has shown its tendencies.	They had the screen, I have found it, too--but too late.	"Far ahead of us there is a step that no logic can justly ascend, but yet, working backwards, it is perfect."	1.E.9.	For F-1 had discovered a far more efficient release-generator than had the Outsiders.	The last of the Outsiders was down, the last ship a crumpled wreck.	Forces played about the base of F-2, and moments later, came a pale-green beam therefrom.	1.E.	"The secret of the force-screen is simple."	The important cell communication channels--nerves--had been literally burned out.	Nearly five hundred feet in height, a mighty, bluntly rounded dome at its top, the cylinder stood, covered over with smoothly gleaming metal, slightly luminescent in itself.	I shall make others of my type."	Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)	Yet--the proton is positive and attracts the electron's negative charge.	Billions of flaming horse-power flared into wasted energy, twisting space in its mad conflict.	Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.	F-1 floated motionless on its anti-gravity drive.	Section 1.	When you attack them, they merely say 'The life-form of Earth is sending out controlled machines.	A range of perhaps four units was their limit, and it took several hours to reach the planet.	You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net 1.E.2.	"It is done, Roal.	A small cylinder, smaller even than its creator, floated where the forces had danced.	"F-1 has destroyed his generators.	"At least, we have the beam.	Quickly as the strings of its infinite knowledge combined, the radiation ceased.	The Ultimate Energy which is in me is generated.	But there had not been quite ten thousand of the tiny machines, and some few free ships had turned to the help of their attacked sister-ships.	They have come here to take over these planets, and have started out with the first, natural moves of any invading life-form.	Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.	Roal's soft voice dropped to nothing, and his eyes dreamed.	Earth was the planet for which they were best fitted."	"F-2, only a part of the problem is solved.	There was only the weird glow of forces that played with, and laughed at matter, and its futilely resisting electrons.