Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.	The redoubt is taken."	Fatigue, however, at last gained the day.	- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.	"It bodes no good."	1.E.3.	"Colonel," I asked him, "are you badly wounded?"	1.E.8.	1.F.6.	You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.	1.D.	We advanced at a smart run, our musketeers in front.	All that succeeded is to me a kind of dream.	Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	I sought my couch, but could not sleep.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.	The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.	Of all the company, only six men, except myself, remained erect.	All at once the Russians uttered three hurrahs--three distinct hurrahs--and then stood silent, without firing.	At the end of half an hour the Russian fire had sensibly diminished.	With a roar of "Vive l'Empereur," our soldiers rushed across the ruins.	Then I looked up, amazed to find myself still living.	"But after all," I thought, "a battle is less terrible than I expected."	We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.	"Colonel," I asked him, "are you badly wounded?"	The palisades were broken and the earthworks shattered by our balls.	Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.	Through a bluish mist could be perceived, behind the shattered parapet, the Russian Grenadiers, with rifles lifted, as motionless as statues.	Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.	I was in the third.	I called to mind what I had heard of operations.	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	Our sharpshooters marched into the plain, We followed slowly, and in twenty minutes we saw the outposts of the Russians falling back and entering the redoubt.	But General C------ is coming to support you."	I was delighted at my self-possession, and already looked forward to the pleasure of describing in Parisian drawing-rooms the capture of the redoubt of Cheverino.	The colonel was lying, bathed in blood, upon a broken cannon.	"I don't like that silence," said the captain.	But sleep refused to visit me.	"It is a sign that it will cost us dear to win this wonderful redoubt."	The second had to take the enemy in flank; the two others formed a storming party.	In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.	It appeared that the Russians had discovered that their bullets did no harm, for they replaced them by a fire of shells, which began to reach us in the hollows where we lay.	I was surrounded by the dead and wounded.	Never shall I forget the sight which met my view.	1.F.2.	1.C.	Our regiment was composed of three battalions.	But, conscript though I was, I felt that I could trust my thoughts to no one, and that it was my duty to seem always calm and bold.	The roll was called, then we stacked our arms, and everything announced that we should pass another uneventful day.	Never shall I forget the sight which met my view.	Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.	The Project Gutenberg EBook of How The Redoubt Was Taken, by Prosper Mérimée This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	An old soldier, at whose side I found myself, observed the color of the moon.	Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.	There came from the redoubts a roll of drums.	Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.	1.F.	Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."	"This gentleman, who came last night," replied the sergeant calmly.	The whistling of the balls amazed me.	Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation methods and addresses.	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	I believed that my last hour had come.	It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.	The next instant the colonel, with his hat on his sword's point, had scaled the parapet with a cry of "Vive l'Empereur."	When the drums beat at daybreak I was fast asleep.	The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.	I saw the muzzles lowered.	I could not help comparing, mentally, their shouts and clamor with the striking silence of the enemy.	"You are safe now for the day."	1.F.1.	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	One of these, in its explosion, knocked off my shako and killed a man beside me.	One of these, in its explosion, knocked off my shako and killed a man beside me.	I knew the military superstition which believes that the axiom "_non bis in idem_" is as applicable to the battlefield as to the courts of justice, I replaced my shako with a swagger.	But about three o'clock an aide-de-camp arrived with orders.	he was asking of a sergeant.	Insensibly my thoughts grew doleful.	Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.