She condescended to take one, and lighted it at a burning string which a child brought us, receiving a copper for its pains.	Carmen kept me waiting, and when she came, she was in rather a bad temper.	Whenever he      walked his knees cracked loudly.	I saw at once he was a Basque.	He bowed his head slightly, lighted his cigar at mine, thanked me with another nod, and began to smoke with a most lively appearance of enjoyment.	"He hasn't robbed us, and I'll wager he doesn't want to."	"After a few hours' rest, she departed to Gaucin, and the next morning a little goatherd brought us some food.	It is full at once of boldness and shyness, and in this respect their eyes are a fair indication of their national character, which is cunning, bold, but with “the natural fear of blows,” like Panurge.	The old woman caught hold of my arm, and the lieutenant gave me a wound on the forehead, of which I still bear the scar.	He's like a cat that's been caught in the larder!'	At last I recovered, but I had thought a great deal, on my bed of pain, and I had planned to change my way of life.	You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org 1.E.2.	1.F.1.	'Let us go away and live somewhere we shall never be parted.	From his lips I learned the sad incidents that follow.	In spite of everything _El Dancaire_ said to stop me, I started off, walked into Malaga in broad daylight, sought for Carmen and carried her off instantly.	*** START: FULL LICENSE *** THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at http://gutenberg.org/license).	“‘Is this the place?’ she said.	She made no difficulties about consenting, but she wanted to know what o'clock it was again, and requested me to make my repeater strike once more.	'Carmen has just managed one of her best tricks.	He, on his side, led her a very unhappy life.	"I was weak enough to call her back, and I promised to let the whole of gipsydom pass in, if that were necessary, so that I secured the only reward I longed for.	He always took his mistress with him on his expeditions.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	Meanwhile my guide ate but little, drank still less, and spoke never a word, although in the earlier part of our journey he had proved himself a most unrivalled chatterer.	I know it will happen like that.’ “‘Think about it,’ said I.	The rest forsook the mules and took to the gorges, where the horses could not follow them.	She must have planned some business.	Each one of us pretended to have some trade.	What this was I fancied I understood only too well, by the fashion in which she kept drawing her little hand backward and forward under her chin.	"And as there was something strange about me, he tried to make me talk.	His very presence would protect me in case of any undesirable meeting.	There I said to Carmen: “‘Listen--I forget everything, I won’t mention anything to you.	Opposite the wounded woman, whom the best-natured of the band were attending, I saw Carmen, held by five or six of her comrades.	'*      * "The idiots, they take me for a smart lady!"	They roll the cigars in a great room into which no man can go without a permit from the _Veintiquatro_,** because when the weather is hot they make themselves at home, especially the young ones.	The door was opened by a child, to whom the gipsy spoke a few words in a language unknown to me, which I afterward understood to be _Romany_, or _chipe calli_--the gipsy idiom.	Faith!	“‘In half an hour.	"There I stood in the middle of the room, laden with all her purchases, and not knowing where I was to put them down.	It was just about that time, sir, that I met you, first at Montilla, and then afterward at Cordova.	At first the old hag grumbled.	Perhaps he’d know what should be done for it.” It was quite clear to me that Antonio wanted to speak to me apart.	"She pulled her mantilla across her nose, and there we were in the street, without my knowing in the least whither I was bound.	"You don't know who that man is.	Her face astonished you, at first sight, but nobody could forget it.	By the way, the man is worth seeing, and you, who like to study the peculiar features of each country, shouldn't lose this chance of noting how a rascal bids farewell to this world in Spain.	Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.	The colonel was a young man, rich, good-natured, fond of amusing himself.	They do this very successfully.	_El Dancaire_, Garcia, a good-looking fellow from Ecija, who was called _El Remendado_, and Carmen herself, kept their wits about them.	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	* The _privileged Provinces_, Alava, Biscay, Guipuzcoa, and a part of Navarre, which all enjoy special _fueros_.	- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.	Let us say few words, but wise ones.	Here she and another gipsy woman washed and dressed my wounds, better than any army surgeon could have done, gave me something, I know not what, to drink, and finally made me lie down on a mattress, on which I went to sleep.	When I left college--I acknowledge it with shame--I had wasted a certain amount of time in studying occult science, and had even attempted, more than once, to exorcise the powers of darkness.	I found the hermit praying.	What will become of me!	"If you notice people's accent so closely, you must be able to guess what I am."	*** And besides, I was rather afraid of the Andalusian women.	“‘What are you doing here?’ said the lieutenant to me.	Perhaps you know the _Calle del Candilejo_, where there is a head of Don Pedro the Avenger.	Come, good-by once more.	The roll also contained a gold piece of two piastres.	The gipsy had begun by holding her tongue.	"For a good hour I lay there prostrate beside her corpse.	The wounded woman was crying out, 'A confessor, a confessor!	Already I saw myself trotting up and down the world, with a pretty gipsy behind me.	I tumbled backward, purposely.	"'We were not born to plant cabbages,' she cried.	I don’t know why, but at that moment I should have liked to have been a hundred feet beneath the ground.	no!’ she said, and she stamped her foot.	A _calli_ she was born, and a _calli_ she'll die.'	Then they both of them assured me that I should soon be cured, but that I must get out of Seville at the earliest possible moment, for that, if I was caught there, I should most undoubtedly be shot.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	The street door is almost always left open, and the passage      leading to the court (_zaguan_) is closed by an iron lattice      of very elegant workmanship.	Let them alone.'	I tumbled backward, purposely.	I stood there, dumfounded, my heart full of rage.	At the first blush, I confess, the blunderbuss, and the savage looks of the man who bore it, somewhat took me aback.	You must know these gipsy girls are often sent for to private houses, to dance their special dance, the _Romalis_, and often, too, for quite other purposes.	you here, Carmen?'