I rode on a little farther and heard her singing in a strong, even, rather harsh voice, a regular peasant voice; suddenly she ceased.	Harlov sighed continually; he was unable, owing to his corpulence, to bow to the ground, but crossing himself with his right hand and bending his head, he pointed with the forefinger of his left hand to the floor.	They’ve got the snake under the pitch-fork!’ And Souvenir went off into his revolting laugh.	You shall learn to pester the old, little milksop!’ ‘He’s gone mad!’ flashed through my mind.	I have rather an important piece of news to tell you, my dear friend.	In the morning there had been rain and a blustering wind, but towards evening all was calm again.	But now let us go into the garden, or there’ll be no keeping Natasha still.’ She put on a round straw hat, a child’s hat, just such a one as her daughter was wearing, only a little larger, and we went into the garden.	Vera Nikolaevna started and looked round towards the open window.	Its fragrance of the steppes instantaneously brought my own country to my mind, and stirred a passionate longing for it in my heart.	They prayed devoutly for the soul of the dead man, whom in life they had not specially liked, whom they had feared indeed.	I have made up my mind at last; I will tell you everything.	As a betrothed, it was only fitting.’ Martin Petrovitch had obviously exhausted all the resources of his eloquence.	As I hurried homewards with my booty, I saw a peasant ploughing near the roadside.	Here it is really delicious.	Though she, Anna, I daresay, is pleased to think that Evlampia, who was always so proud,--and now see what she’s come to!… O … alas … alas!	Isn’t it owing to that that she believes in apparitions?	But I’m growing old, my lad; I’m on the shelf.	I thought yesterday, upon my word I did.… “Mercy on us!” I thought, “Hasn’t our old friend gone right off his head?”’ ‘I’ve not gone off my head, madam,’ answered Martin Petrovitch; ‘I’m not that sort of man.	In my childhood I used to see Tatiana only on saints’ days in church.	From a certain point of view I can say that I have a great influence over her, and am, as it were, educating her; but she too, though she is unaware of it herself, is changing me for the better in many ways.	‘I didn’t sleep all night,’ she said; ‘my head aches; I came out into the air--it may go off.’ ‘Can that be the result of yesterday’s reading?’ I asked.	‘Bravo!’ I said, going up to her; ‘how studious you are!’ She raised her head, and looked gravely and severely at me.	‘No, I’m not,’ she answered, in a slow and dull voice.	When I had got out into the middle of the Rhine, I asked the ferryman to let the boat float down with the current.	but there, he’s grown quite meek now.	My mother did not herself, indeed, insist; to dry Harlov was obviously out of the question; they contented themselves with hastily wiping up his traces on the floor.	‘Say no more, Martin Petrovitch,’ my mother interposed hurriedly; ‘what does that signify?	She was twisting some stalks of ripple grass round her fingers and snapping off their heads, slapping them against each other.	Kvitsinsky, as a Catholic, remained in the next room.	I went up to the room assigned to me, and stood a long while at the window before I undressed and got into bed.	My heart throbbed painfully though not rapidly.	Acia was a little disconcerted.	‘Why don’t you tell me about your tour?’ Acia murmured.	You will hear all about her from Yakov,” he added, pointing to the valet.	The German brought out a pipe, smoked his shag, and, only fancy, began singing in a rather pleasing bass.	I will do everything you tell me,’ she added, turning to me with innocent confidence.	‘Have you been there?’ he asked, with a motion of his head.	His appearance was so alarming that the two stable-boys who had already got up to the garret, dropped instantly back again to the ground by the water-pipe, to the great glee of the serf boys, who positively roared with laughter.	Tears rose into my eyes, but they were not the tears of aimless rapture.… What I was feeling was not the vague sense I had known of late of all-embracing desire when the soul expands, resounds, when it feels that it grasps all, loves all.… No!	On a little farm like ours, one can’t afford to let anything slip.’ ‘And this is the man Martin Petrovitch called a “poor stick,”’ I thought.	no, of vanilla, a scent of cactus, a wide expanse of water, a flat island overgrown with olives; on the island, at the edge of the shore, a small marble house, with open windows; music audible, coming from I know not where; in the house trees with dark leaves, and the light of a half-shaded lamp; from one window, a heavy velvet cloak, with gold fringe, hangs out with one end falling in the water; and with their arms on the cloak, sit _he_ and _she_, gazing into the distance where Venice can be seen.	The H----s, I hear, are annoyed with him for neglecting his lessons.	I did not want to go to my own place; my father had died not long before, I had no near relations, I was afraid of the solitude and dreariness.… And so I was delighted to receive an invitation from a distant cousin to stay at his country-place in T … province.	Good luck go with thee, modest nook of Germany, with thy simple plenty, with traces everywhere of busy hands, of patient though leisurely toil.… Good luck and peace to thee!	When she came to meet me, I almost cried out in amazement; it was simply a little girl of seventeen!	At the grave, too, Evlampia stood, as it were, lost.	I am greatly amused by the blinds in my room.	If I, Martin Petrovitch Harlov, have decided to make a deed of partition, who can cancel the same act against my will?	Next morning my mother, who was astonished and even alarmed, as much by Martin Petrovitch’s strange behaviour as by the extraordinary expression of his face, was on the point of sending a special messenger to him, when he made his appearance.	There were a lot of people in the yard; peasant-women, boys, and servant-girls stood close along the hedge.	It seemed something utterly unlooked for, something terrible was stumbling headlong into our house.	Well, I was standing moodily at my window, and I remember a sudden darkness came on--a bluish darkness--though the clock only pointed to twelve.	I used to recognise them a long way off by their walk, the cut of their clothes, and, most of all, by the expression of their faces which was self-complacent and supercilious, often imperious, but would all of a sudden change, and give place to an expression of shyness and cautiousness.… The whole man would suddenly be on his guard, his eyes would shift uneasily.… ‘Mercy upon us!	XXIII ‘How have they turned you out?’ my mother asked, as soon as he had a little time to recover himself.	From time to time he clenched and unclenched his fist, looked at his open hand, said that what he feared above everything was dying without repentance, from a stroke, and that he had made a vow to himself not to get angry, as anger vitiated his blood and drove it to his head.… Besides, he had now withdrawn from everything.	And who was this monster?	As he paid the old woman, Gagin asked for another mug of beer, and turning to me, cried with a sly face-- ‘To the health of the lady of your heart.’ ‘Why, has he--have you such a lady?’ Acia asked suddenly.	it’s their first duty.	One can’t begin life over again at my age.	… ‘That Natalia Nikolaevna was greatly displeased at his proceedings, and had not expected it of him.…’ ‘One more pull!	d’ye understand, you devils?’ they suddenly bowed all at once, as though at the word of command.	This sudden withdrawal on the part of our host could not but break up the party, especially as the two hostesses also vanished not long after.	I assured myself that the sole reason of my sudden distaste for their society was anger at their duplicity.	On the projecting ledge, Acia actually was sitting.	‘And there was I left, a boy of twenty, with a girl of thirteen on my hands!	For a few instants I stood motionless.… Suddenly I started--should I go up to them?--‘On no consideration,’ flashed through my head.	‘How was it, Gavrila Fedulitch,’ I began without further beating about the bush, ‘that your affair with Evlampia Martinovna was broken off?	When I went in to Vera, she looked intently at me and did not respond to my bow.	The new mistresses themselves were very dignified in their attitude, especially Anna.	And, living in a small way as we do, that’s a matter of importance.	‘Directly Tatiana died, my father took Acia into his house.	Against the right-hand wall of the parlour were standing Harlov’s daughters wearing their Sunday clothes: Anna, in a shot lilac-green dress, with a yellow silk sash; Evlampia, in pink, with crimson ribbons.	I felt reassured.	They’ve passed their life long in fear and in submission--and all of a sudden … Good Lord!’ Harlov choked, there was a rattle in his throat.	Not at once, but after.’ ‘Yes, madam,’ repeated the butler.	He take a steward’s place indeed!	Priemkov’s prediction was fulfilled; the storm came close, and broke.	I ought to have run away directly I felt that I loved her, that I loved a married woman.	Then I cleared my throat.… Priemkov asked me if I wouldn’t have some sugar water, and one could perceive that he was very well satisfied with himself for having put this question to me.	Her face showed traces of weariness.	Anna, at one moment, pushed her head out of the little window, then vanished, then hurried into the yard, then went back into the house.	Profound silence reigned.	At one dangerous place she purposely screamed, and then laughed.… I felt still more annoyed with her.