Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.	And now he turns a jutting point of land, Whence may be seen the castle gloomy, and grand: Nor will a bee buzz round two swelling peaches, Before the point of his light shallop reaches Those marble steps that through the water dip: Now over them he goes with hasty trip, And scarcely stays to ope the folding doors: Anon he leaps along the oaken floors Of halls and corridors.	And can I e'er these benefits forget?	Easy was the task: A thousand handicraftsmen wore the mask Of Poesy.	All hail delightful hopes!	If I do hide myself, it sure shall be In the very fane, the light of Poesy: If I do fall, at least I will be laid Beneath the silence of a poplar shade; And over me the grass shall be smooth shaven; And there shall be a kind memorial graven.	1.B.	Highmindedness, a jealousy for good,   A loving-kindness for the great man's fame,   Dwells here and there with people of no name, In noisome alley, and in pathless wood: And where we think the truth least understood,   Oft may be found a "singleness of aim,"   That ought to frighten into hooded shame A money mong'ring, pitiable brood.	Sappho's meek head was there half smiling down At nothing; just as though the earnest frown Of over thinking had that moment gone From off her brow, and left her all alone.	Most awfully intent The driver, of those steeds is forward bent, And seems to listen: O that I might know All that he writes with such a hurrying glow.	TO * * * * Hadst thou liv'd in days of old, O what wonders had been told Of thy lively countenance, And thy humid eyes that dance In the  midst of their own brightness; In the very fane of lightness.	"What though I leave this dull, and earthly mould, Yet shall my spirit lofty converse hold With after times.--The patriot shall feel My stern alarum, and unsheath his steel; Or, in the senate thunder out my numbers To startle princes from their easy slumbers.	And with these airs come forms of elegance Stooping their shoulders o'er a horse's prance, Careless, and grand--fingers soft and round Parting luxuriant curls;--and the swift bound Of Bacchus from his chariot, when his eye Made Ariadne's cheek look blushingly.	And now the sharp keel of his little boat Comes up with ripple, and with easy float, And glides into a bed of water lillies: Broad leav'd are they and their white canopies Are upward turn'd to catch the heavens' dew.	E'en now, dear George, while this for you I write,   Cynthia is from her silken curtains peeping So scantly, that it seems her bridal night,   And she her half-discover'd revels keeping.	'Twas but to kiss my hand, dear George, to you!	ah, I see it--you just now are stooping   To pick up the keep-sake intended for me.	Why breathless, unable your bliss to declare?	If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	There must be too a ruin dark, and gloomy, To say "joy not too much in all that's bloomy."	In those still moments I have wish'd you joys That well you know to honour:--"Life's very toys With him," said I, "will take a pleasant charm; It cannot be that ought will work him harm."	They should not know thee, who athirst to gain A noble end, are thirsty every hour.	_August, 1816_.	Like sunbeams in a cloudlet nested Thy locks in knightly casque are rested: O'er which bend four milky plumes Like the gentle lilly's blooms Springing from a costly vase.	_December 30, 1816._ XVI.	Ay, in those days the Muses were nigh cloy'd With honors; nor had any other care Than to sing out and sooth their wavy hair.	rejoice!	Men were thought wise who could not understand His glories: with a puling infant's force They sway'd about upon a rocking horse, And thought it Pegasus.	Ah!	And, as I feasted on its fragrancy,   I thought the garden-rose it far excell'd: But when, O Wells!	These things I thought While, in my face, the freshest breeze I caught.	Now Morning from her orient chamber came,   And her first footsteps touch'd a verdant hill;   Crowning its lawny crest with amber flame,   Silv'ring the untainted gushes of its rill;   Which, pure from mossy beds, did down distill,   And after parting beds of simple flowers,   By many streams a little lake did fill,   Which round its marge reflected woven bowers, And, in its middle space, a sky that never lowers.	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	And all around it dipp'd luxuriously   Slopings of verdure through the glossy tide,   Which, as it were in gentle amity,   Rippled delighted up the flowery side;   As if to glean the ruddy tears, it tried,   Which fell profusely from the rose-tree stem!	Happy is England, sweet her artless daughters;   Enough their simple loveliness for me,     Enough their whitest arms in silence clinging:   Yet do I often warmly burn to see     Beauties of deeper glance, and hear their singing, And float with them about the summer waters.	_February, 1815_.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	How!	If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.	Too partial friend!	And that bright lance, against the fretted wall, Beneath the shade of stately banneral, Is slung with shining cuirass, sword, and shield?	The very archings of her eye-lids charm A thousand willing agents to obey, And still she governs with the mildest sway: But strength alone though of the Muses born Is like a fallen angel: trees uptorn, Darkness, and worms, and shrouds, and sepulchres Delight it; for it feeds upon the burrs, And thorns of life; forgetting the great end Of poesy, that it should be a friend To sooth the cares, and lift the thoughts of man.	it was fraught With many joys for him: the warder's ken Had found white coursers prancing in the glen: Friends very dear to him he soon will see; So pushes off his boat most eagerly, And soon upon the lake he skims along, Deaf to the nightingale's first under-song; Nor minds he the white swans that dream so sweetly: His spirit flies before him so completely.	Sweet be their sleep.	What, but thee Sleep?	E'en now I'm pillow'd on a bed of flowers That crowns a lofty clift, which proudly towers Above the ocean-waves.	But though I'll gladly trace these scenes with thee,   Yet the sweet converse of an innocent mind, Whose words are images of thoughts refin'd,   Is my soul's pleasure; and it sure must be Almost the highest bliss of human-kind,   When to thy haunts two kindred spirits flee.	But what, without the social thought of thee, Would be the wonders of the sky and sea?	Ah!	_Written on the day that Mr. Leigh Hunt left Prison._ What though, for showing truth to flatter'd state   Kind Hunt was shut in prison, yet has he,   In his immortal spirit, been as free As the sky-searching lark, and as elate.	Sometimes it gives a glory to the voice, And from the heart up-springs, rejoice!	The bowery shore Went off in gentle windings to the hoar And light blue mountains: but no breathing man With a warm heart, and eye prepared to scan Nature's clear beauty, could pass lightly by Objects that look'd out so invitingly On either side.	Oft have you seen a swan superbly frowning, And with proud breast his own white shadow crowning; He slants his neck beneath the waters bright So silently, it seems a beam of light Come from the galaxy: anon he sports,-- With outspread wings the Naiad Zephyr courts, Or ruffles all the surface of the lake In striving from its crystal face to take Some diamond water drops, and them to treasure In milky nest, and sip them off at leisure.	And can I e'er repay the friendly debt?	Corrections Three spelling errors were corrected for the Project Gutenberg edition.	Did ye never cluster round Delicious Avon, with a mournful sound, And weep?	And splendidly mark'd with the story divine   Of Armida the fair, and Rinaldo the bold?	I cannot dare   To turn my admiration, though unpossess'd   They be of what is worthy,--though not drest In lovely modesty, and virtues rare.	The charioteer with wond'rous gesture talks To the trees and mountains; and there soon appear Shapes of delight, of mystery, and fear, Passing along before a dusky space Made by some mighty oaks: as they would chase Some ever-fleeting music on they sweep.	Thus I remember all the pleasant flow Of words at opening a portfolio.	These, gentle Calidore Greeted, as he had known them long before.	ON RECEIVING A CURIOUS SHELL, AND A COPY OF VERSES, FROM THE SAME LADIES.	1.C.	Many the wonders I this day have seen:   The sun, when first he kist away the tears   That fill'd the eyes of morn;--the laurel'd peers Who from the feathery gold of evening lean:-- The ocean with its vastness, its blue green,   Its ships, its rocks, its caves, its hopes, its fears,--   Its voice mysterious, which whoso hears Must think on what will be, and what has been.	If a cherub, on pinions of silver descending,   Had brought me a gem from the fret-work of heaven; And smiles, with his star-cheering voice sweetly blending,   The blessings of Tighe had melodiously given; It had not created a warmer emotion   Than the present, fair nymphs, I was blest with from you, Than the shell, from the bright golden sands of the ocean   Which the emerald waves at your feet gladly threw.	you list to the nightingale's tender condoling,   Responsive to sylphs, in the moon beamy air.	Full joy I feel, while thus I cleave the air, That my soft verse will charm thy daughters fair, And warm thy sons!"	Scarce can I scribble on; for lovely airs Are fluttering round the room like doves in pairs; Many delights of that glad day recalling, When first my senses caught their tender falling.	Who had on Baiae's shore reclin'd at ease, While Tasso's page was floating in a breeze That gave soft music from Armida's bowers, Mingled with fragrance from her rarest flowers: Small good to one who had by Mulla's stream Fondled the maidens with the breasts of cream; Who had beheld Belphoebe in a brook, And lovely Una in a leafy nook, And Archimago leaning o'er his book: Who had of all that's sweet tasted, and seen, From silv'ry ripple, up to beauty's queen; From the sequester'd haunts of gay Titania, To the blue dwelling of divine Urania: One, who, of late, had ta'en sweet forest walks With him who elegantly chats, and talks-- The wrong'd Libert as,--who has told you stories Of laurel chaplets, and Apollo's glories; Of troops chivalrous prancing; through a city, And tearful ladies made for love, and pity: With many else which I have never known.	Think you he nought but prison walls did see,   Till, so unwilling, thou unturn'dst the key?	These things are doubtless: yet in truth we've had Strange thunders from the potency of song; Mingled indeed with what is sweet and strong, From majesty: but in clear truth the themes Are ugly clubs, the Poets Polyphemes Disturbing the grand sea.	* * * * * * * * * TO SOME LADIES.	Should Disappointment, parent of Despair,   Strive for her son to seize my careless heart; When, like a cloud, he sits upon the air,   Preparing on his spell-bound prey to dart:     Chace him away, sweet Hope, with visage bright,     And fright him as the morning frightens night!	Who can forget her half retiring sweets?	XVII.	Why so sad a moan?	From thy bright eyes unusual brightness shed--     Beneath thy pinions canopy my head!	ADDRESSED TO HAYDON.	More strange, more beautiful, more smooth, more regal, Than wings of swans, than doves, than dim-seen eagle?	These thoughts now come o'er me with all their might:-- Again I shake your hand,--friend Charles, good night.	Downward too flows many a tress With a glossy waviness; Full, and round like globes that rise From the censer to the skies Through sunny air.	Or a white Naiad in a rippling stream; Or a rapt seraph in a moonlight beam; Or again witness what with thee I've seen, The dew by fairy feet swept from the green, After a night of some quaint jubilee Which every elf and fay had come to see: When bright processions took their airy march Beneath the curved moon's triumphal arch.	From the meaning Of Jove's large eye-brow, to the tender greening Of April meadows?