In allaying our poverty we lose our wealth, and with this wealth what a world of grace and beauty and power is lost to us.	Nothing there!"	I feel like a living pianoforte with a vast complication of machinery and wires inside, but with no means of telling who the player is, and with only a guess as to why the player plays at all.	1.E.9.	She has tied up her anklets lest they should tinkle; she is clad in dark blue raiment lest she be discovered; but she holds no umbrella lest she get wet, carries no lantern lest she fall!	The eldest boy, unable to bear the idea of such untimely world-renunciation, ran up to the disconsolate one and taking his head on his own knees repentantly coaxed him.	But the ground was not level, being deeply scarred with watercourses, and not easy to cross at any time, much less in a storm.	Every one cannot hope to be an Idealist, but a whole people approaches nearest to this blissful state at such seasons of festivity.	I say "the evening light," because in the evening we wander out, and so that aspect is impressed on my mind.	The kind of tangle her hair got into is easily imaginable, and also the state of the rest of her toilet.	One day I am sure I shall get along splendidly; I feel strong enough to leap over all the obstructing sorrows and trials of the world; and, as if I had a printed programme for the rest of my life tucked safely away in my pocket, I am at ease.	India has two aspects--in one she is a householder, in the other a wandering ascetic.	ON THE WAY TO BOALIA, _22nd September 1894._ It feels strange to be reminded that only thirty-two Autumns have come and gone in my life; for my memory seems to have receded back into the dimness of time immemorial; and when my inner world is flooded with a light, as of an unclouded autumn morning, I feel I am sitting at the window of some magic palace, gazing entranced on a scene of distant reminiscence, soothed with soft breezes laden with the faint perfume of all the Past.	Even the driest of worldly-wise people are moved out of their self-centred interests by the rush of the pervading emotion.	One of the hands tells me that the steamer has stuck so fast that it may take the whole day to get her off.	So the only result of our endeavour to assemble is that we become unable to fill our joined hands, our outstretched arms, with this endless, fathomless expanse.	There is only Brahma, and the rest of us merely imagine that we are,--it is wonderful how the human mind should have found room for such a thought.	SHELIDAH, _31st Jaistha (June)1892._ I hate these polite formalities.	That is why the features of one will display an indefinite spread of forehead, of another an irresponsible prominence of nose, of a third an unaccountable hardness about the jaws.	Let be your strugglings and grabbings and fightings; forget a while, sleep a while."	I shall enjoy my trip along this brimful river at the height of the rains.	In the midst of this, man seems so trivial.	Poetry gives itself up to the control of metre, not led by blind habit, but because it thus finds the joy of motion.	When my little daughter delights me, she merges into the original mystery of joy which is the Universe; and my loving caresses are called forth like worship.	[Footnote 1: July-August, the rainy season.]	How beautiful is this humble courtesy!	BOLPUR, _31st May 1892._ It is not yet five o'clock, but the light has dawned, there is a delightful breeze, and all the birds in the garden are awake and have started singing.	Certainly not to entertain us, nor to distract the pining lover[1]--it must have some personal purpose of its own.	There must have been some sudden excitement in the night, which sent the current racing away.	The kind of tangle her hair got into is easily imaginable, and also the state of the rest of her toilet.	Anyhow, when as now the moon is up, and with half-closed eyes I am stretched beneath it on the upper deck, the soft breeze cooling my problem-vexed head, then the earth, waters, and sky around, the gentle rippling of the river, the casual wayfarer passing along the tow-path, the occasional dinghy gliding by, the trees across the fields, vague in the moonlight, the sleepy village beyond, bounded by the dark shadows of its groves,--verily seem an illusion of _Maya_; and yet they cling to and draw the mind and heart more truly than truth itself, which is abstraction, and it becomes impossible to realise what kind of salvation there can be in freeing oneself from them.	[Footnote 1: A favourite conceit of the old Sanskrit poets.]	He left his companions in a pet, and went and lay down on the grass with his arms crossed under his head, desiring to convey thereby that never again would he have anything to do with this bad, hard world, but would forever lie, alone by himself, with his arms under his head, and count the stars and watch the play of the clouds.	But what a night it was!	Every one else seemed to be on the opposite shore--the shore of life--where the British Government and the Nineteenth Century hold sway, and tea and cigarettes.	And with leisure and my thoughts I walk the fields, unfettered by bounds of space or time.	How many living creatures are sacrificed only to grace the dishes at a dinner-party, a large proportion of which will leave the table untouched!	He talks of the most impossible things in the gravest possible manner.	My mother earth sits to-day in the cornfields by the river-side, in her raiment of sunlit gold; and near her feet, her knees, her lap, I roll about and play.	There was a break in the rains yesterday, but the clouds are banked up so heavily along the skirts of the sky that there is not much hope of the break lasting.	What if I am unworthy of their veneration--their feeling loses nothing of its value.	The water has penetrated every possible place.	What a store of water must have been laid up in the sky this year.	If there be any undercurrent along which the souls of men may have communication with one another, then my sincere blessing will surely reach and serve them.	When this universal force is manifested within an individual, it is beyond his control and acts according to its own nature; and in surrendering our lives to its power is our greatest joy.	There are many paradoxes in the world and one of them is this, that wherever the landscape is immense, the sky unlimited, clouds intimately dense, feelings unfathomable--that is to say where infinitude is manifest--its fit companion is one solitary person; a multitude there seems so petty, so distracting.	I wonder why the writing of pages of prose does not give one anything like the joy of completing a single poem.	He has also a sense of humour.	1.E.6.	Not a soul has any experience of big striving, or of really and truly living.	Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.	I thought to myself, this first day of the rains, I would rather risk getting wet than remain confined in my dungeon of a cabin.	[Footnote 1: Not included in this selection.]	Her hair is cut short like a boy's, which well becomes her simple, frank, and alert expression.	The fury of the storm increased, and flying stony particles of the rubbly soil stung our bodies like shot, as the wind took us by the scruff of the neck and thrust us along, to the whipping of drops of rain which had begun to fall.	SHELIDAH, _2nd Asarh (June) 1892._ Yesterday, the first day of _Asarh_,[1] the enthronement of the rainy season was celebrated with due pomp and circumstance.	How many living creatures are sacrificed only to grace the dishes at a dinner-party, a large proportion of which will leave the table untouched!	A bird is plaintively crying tee-tee on the sand-bank.	The pallid twilight glimmers over the water like the herald of some weird event.	And this feeling colours for me the beginning of my day.	But do I really know even that?	As my boat rustles its way through standing crops it now and then comes across what was a pool and is still to be distinguished by its clusters of water-lilies, and diver-birds pursuing fish.	Every morning I awake to find my field of vision growing larger.	Metre is born as all beauty is born the universe through.	Some took us by the arms, some bewailed our plight, some were eager to show the way, others hung on our backs as if fearing that the storm might carry us off altogether.	A thousand years ago Kalidas welcomed that first day of _Asarh_; and once in every year of my life that same day of _Asarh_ dawns in all its glory--that self-same day of the poet of old Ujjain, which has brought to countless men and women their joys of union, their pangs of separation.	I hanker after a corner because it serves to bring calmness to my mind.	But when we read the Vaishnava poems, these thoughts do not occur.	Then the surface crust is pierced, and consolation wells up, and all the forces of patience and courage are banded together to do their duty.	But the night being already far advanced, I declined his offer, managed to swallow a few mouthfuls of the stuff dry, and then, all lights on and the deck packed with passengers, laid myself down to sleep.	They are all her seniors.	[Footnote 1: Rabi, the author's name, means the Sun.]	Long ago the recesses under the old banyan tree beside our tank, the inner gardens, the unknown regions on the ground floor of the house, the whole of the outside world, the nursery rhymes and tales told by the maids, created a wonderful fairyland within me.	My fellow-passengers are of inexhaustible variety.	But when sorrow is deepest there is no stint of effort.	For some days the weather here has been wavering between Winter and Spring.	There was not a line of ripple on the river; and from away over there, where the farthest shore of the distant main stream is seen beyond the other edge of the midway belt of sand, right up to this shore, glimmers a broad band of moonlight.	For some days the weather here has been wavering between Winter and Spring.	_July 1887._ I am in my twenty-seventh year.	All the snakes have been flooded out of their holes, and they, with sundry other homeless reptiles and insects, will have to chum with man and take refuge on the thatch of his roof.	Both alike babble and chatter and ripple and sparkle in the same simple and natural manner; both may languish and fade away under a scorching glare, yet both can take a blow without hopelessly breaking under it.	The only thing you want to do in a place like this is to gaze and gaze on the landscape, swinging your fancies to and fro, alternately humming a tune and nodding dreamily, as the mother on a winter's noonday, her back to the sun, rocks and croons her baby to sleep.	Round about where we have moored, the bamboo poles of fishermen are planted.