Yes, when the mother was a young girl it lay pervading her heart in tender and silent mystery of love--the sweet, soft freshness that has bloomed on baby's limbs.	In the moonless gloom of midnight I ask her, 'Maiden, what is your quest, holding the lamp near your heart?	Have you not heard his silent steps?	And it shall be my endeavour to reveal thee in my actions, knowing it is thy power gives me strength to act.	You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.	We have no time to lose, and having no time we must scramble for a chances.	Many a song have I sung in many a mood of mind, but all their notes have always proclaimed, 'He comes, comes, ever comes.'	Oh utter shame!	Thy worship does not impoverish the world.	I know not whom I shall chance to meet.	The day was when I did not keep myself in readiness for thee; and entering my heart unbidden even as one of the common crowd, unknown to me, my king, thou didst press the signet of eternity upon many a fleeting moment of my life.	The stars have wrought their anklets of light to deck thy feet, but mine will hang upon thy breast.	Thine eyes were sad when they fell on me; thy voice was tired as thou spokest low--'Ah, I am a thirsty traveller.'	Day by day thou art making me worthy of the simple, great gifts that thou gavest to me unasked--this sky and the light, this body and the life and the mind--saving me from perils of overmuch desire.	Into the audience hall by the fathomless abyss where swells up the music of toneless strings I shall take this harp of my life.	They come with their laws and their codes to bind me fast; but I evade them ever, for I am only waiting for love to give myself up at last into his hands.	She has no pride of dress and decoration.	Put of thy holy mantle and even like him come down on the dusty soil!	Every moment and every age, every day and every night he comes, comes, ever comes.	Ah, my closed eyes that would open their lids only to the light of his smile when he stands before me like a dream emerging from darkness of sleep.	Open thine eyes and see thy God is not before thee!	The livelong day has passed in spreading his seat on the floor; but the lamp has not been lit and I cannot ask him into my house.	When I bring sweet things to your greedy hands I know why there is honey in the cup of the flowers and why fruits are secretly filled with sweet juice--when I bring sweet things to your greedy hands.	Let all my songs gather together their diverse strains into a single current and flow to a sea of silence in one salutation to thee.	The river has its everyday work to do and hastens through fields and hamlets; yet its incessant stream winds towards the washing of thy feet.	Ah, what a kingly jest was it to open thy palm to a beggar to beg!	Art thou abroad on this stormy night on thy journey of love, my friend?	Let me not force my flagging spirit into a poor preparation for thy worship.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	I know not what this is that stirs in me--I know not its meaning.	Now, I ask, has the time come at last when I may go in and see thy face and offer thee my silent salutation?	All honour to you, heroic host of the interminable path!	There was none in the world who ever saw her face to face, and she remained in her loneliness waiting for thy recognition.	In desperate hope I go and search for her in all the corners of my room; I find her not.	On those days I never cared to know the meaning of songs thou sangest to me.	Thou knowest how to wait.	When my rooms have been decked out and the flutes sound and the laughter there is loud, let me ever feel that I have not invited thee to my house--let me not forget for a moment, let me carry the pangs of this sorrow in my dreams and in my wakeful hours.	I start on my journey with empty hands and expectant heart.	At the end of the stony path, in the country of virgin solitude, my friend is sitting all alone.	All things rush on, they stop not, they look not behind, no power can hold them back, they rush on.	If the sounds of his steps does not wake me, do not try to rouse me, I pray.	Let only that little be left of me whereby I may never hide thee.	Thou ever pourest for me the fresh draught of thy wine of various colours and fragrance, filling this earthen vessel to the brim.	These my lamps are blown out at every little puff of wind, and trying to light them I forget all else again and again.	I asked nothing from thee; I uttered not my name to thine ear.	It was my part at this feast to play upon my instrument, and I have done all I could.	Give me the strength to make my love fruitful in service.	I have had my invitation to this world's festival, and thus my life has been blessed.	Nothing will be left for me, nothing whatever, and utter death shall I receive at thy feet.	In me is thy own defeat of self.	Deliverance is not for me in renunciation.	Yet shall I bear in my heart this honour of the burden of pain, this gift of thine.	I know not how to answer them.	By what dim shore of the ink-black river, by what far edge of the frowning forest, through what mazy depth of gloom art thou threading thy course to come to me, my friend?	If thou showest me not thy face, if thou leavest me wholly aside, I know not how I am to pass these long, rainy hours.	There is none to count thy minutes.	Misery knocks at thy door, and her message is that thy lord is wakeful, and he calls thee to the love-tryst through the darkness of night.	As the night keeps hidden in its gloom the petition for light, even thus in the depth of my unconsciousness rings the cry--'I want thee, only thee'.	When the warriors marched back again to their master's hall where did they hide their power?	And when my work shall be done in this world, O King of kings, alone and speechless shall I stand before thee face to face.	Let me sleep undisturbed even if my lord comes of a sudden to my door.	The air is still and silent about you.	Thou art the solitary wayfarer in this deserted street.	On many an idle day have I grieved over lost time.	I thought that my voyage had come to its end at the last limit of my power,--that the path before me was closed, that provisions were exhausted and the time come to take shelter in a silent obscurity.	The languid hours pass by on the shore--Alas for me!	But I shall be wise this time and wait in the dark, spreading my mat on the floor; and whenever it is thy pleasure, my lord, come silently and take thy seat here.	I know that the day will come when my sight of this earth shall be lost, and life will take its leave in silence, drawing the last curtain over my eyes.	When in the morning I looked upon the light I felt in a moment that I was no stranger in this world, that the inscrutable without name and form had taken me in its arms in the form of my own mother.	Only my voice took up the tunes, and my heart danced in their cadence.	He came when the night was still; he had his harp in his hands, and my dreams became resonant with its melodies.	Though its colour be not deep and its smell be faint, use this flower in thy service and pluck it while there is time.	Many a procession passes by with noise and shouts and glamour of glory.	'Prisoner, tell me, who was it that wrought this unbreakable chain?'	And like a beggar I searched in the dawn only for a stray petal or two.	In the eventide, when fires and shadows mingle with the gloom of dust, he wearily comes back to the ruined temple with hunger in his heart.	When the warriors came out first from their master's hall, where had they hid their power?	Whom dost thou worship in this lonely dark corner of a temple with doors all shut?	Today the morning has closed its eyes, heedless of the insistent calls of the loud east wind, and a thick veil has been drawn over the ever-wakeful blue sky.	I am only waiting for love to give myself up at last into his hands.	I put my tales of you into lasting songs.	in the depth of the night has come the king of our dark, dreary house.	It is this overspreading pain that deepens into loves and desires, into sufferings and joy in human homes; and this it is that ever melts and flows in songs through my poet's heart.