There was no other place to go to.	For an hour or two more there were still many noises on deck, and many preparations made.	They smiled at each other as if they meant to say, "I am having a good time; so are you, aren't you?"	The wheels and hoofs make a great noise; the wind is stronger, and says, "Do you hear the sea?"	Strange sights, splendid buildings, shops, people and animals, all mingled in one great, confused mass of a disposition to continually move in a great hurry, wildly, with no other aim but to make one's head go round and round, in following its dreadful motions.	I must have talked like one lost in a thick fog, groping carefully.	It was a something I don't know any name for, though a little like an express wagon.	It was like allowing a blind man to see the full glare of the sun all at once.	Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at http://pglaf.org/fundraising.	The ship was tossed about more than the day before, and the great waves sounded like distant thunder as they beat against it, and rolled across the deck and entered the cabin.	And the ocean's roar threatens.	I had thought anything worse impossible.	To those who suffered from anything besides seasickness he sent medicine and special food later on.	To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.	Of course, mamma hastened to Herr Schidorsky as soon as she could, and he sent her to the Postmeister again, to ask him to return the part of our passports that had been torn out, and without which we could not go on.	Then a sailor brought supper--bread and coffee.	PREFATORY In the year 1891, a mighty wave of the emigration movement swept over all parts of Russia, carrying with it a vast number of the Jewish population to the distant shores of the New World--from tyranny to democracy, from darkness to light, from bondage and persecution to freedom, justice and equality.	Sometimes it was only a nurse carrying a child in her arms that seemed interesting, from the strange dress.	"He" we soon learned, was the overseer of the Jewish special kitchen, without whom the meals were never taken.	We couldn't sleep by any means, we were so afraid of oversleeping the great hour; and every little while, after we tried to sleep, one of us would suddenly think she saw day at the window, and wake the rest, who also had only been pretending to sleep while watching in the dark for daylight.	On the eighth day out we are again able to be about.	The young man--bless him--who had the honor to perform the ceremonies, was, fortunately for us all, one of the passengers.	Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.	And there seemed to be everything under heaven that had any noise in it, come to help swell the confusion of sounds.	The car was even more crowded, and people gasped for breath.	And this is the last I remember seeing and feeling behind that mist of lazy inactivity.	It was all joy and gladness and happy anticipation for us.	I loved even the angry voice, but when it became soothing, I could hear a sweet, gentle accent that reached my soul rather than my ear.	Some fell out of their berths, but it was not at all funny.	We were strangers; the driver knew it.	He assured them that he would rather starve along with us than allow anything to be in the least wrong.	From the ceiling hung two round gas lamps, and almost under them stood a little wooden table and a settee.	To sit down and wait for supper as on other nights seemed like breaking one of the laws.	We all felt it.	Some Polish women over there have fallen asleep, and the rest of us look such a picture of woe, and yet so funny, it is a sight to see and remember.	To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate Section 5.	I really thought we were to be the visitors of the elder Schidorsky, but it turned out to be only an understanding between him and the officers that those claiming to be on their way to him were not to be troubled.	But to get it was impossible for all but the youngest children.	As I sat in a corner where no waves could reach me, holding on to a rope, I tried to take in the grand scene.	I looked over our perch again.	Many of the passengers are very sick indeed, they suffer terribly.	The signal lanterns were put up, the passengers were driven to their berths by the cold and damp, the cabin doors closed, and discomfort reigned everywhere.	Oh, what solemn thoughts I had!	The scenery was nothing unusual, only towns, depots, roads, fields, little country houses with barns and cattle and poultry--all such as we were well acquainted with.	But all the time he kept a distance from those passengers who came from Russia, all for fear of the cholera.	The horses never weary.	Oh, who cared if there wasn't enough to eat?	To sit down and wait for supper as on other nights seemed like breaking one of the laws.	I only know that we were.	I've noticed one in front on every one of them, holding on to that shining thing."	The car was very still, there being few passengers, among them a very pleasant kind gentleman travelling with his pretty daughter.	But I heard and felt it, and at such moments I wished I could live on the sea forever, and thought that the sight of land would be very unwelcome to me.	The most remarkable thing was the good-nature of the poor passengers.	It was day again, and a little calmer.	Quick!	I have given so much space to the description of that one night's adventures because I remember it so distinctly, with all its discomforts, and the contrast of our fellow-travellers' kindly dispositions.	Nothing else.	Everything else can be told in one word--noise.	Oh, dear!	That she is growing, is evident from her own Introduction, written only the other day, with its touches of humor and more complex manipulation of groups of facts.	With this all went to the kitchen and received two little rolls and a large cup of partly sweetened tea.	At twelve, a sailor announced that dinner was ready, and the man brought it--large tin pails and basins of soup, meat, cabbage, potatoes, and pudding (the last was allowed only once a week); and almost all of it was thrown away, as only a few men ate.	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.	Then all went to bed, though it was very early.	And no wonder if in some minds stories arose of people being captured by robbers, murderers, and the like.	I remember that we found a little room (we had to go up four steps first) that we could have for seventy-five copecks, with our tea paid for in that sum.	so that all laughed, and the leader, who tried to go on, broke down too at the sight of the wry faces he saw; while the overseer looked shocked, the cook nearly set her gown on fire by overthrowing the candles with her apron (used to hide her face) and all wished our Master Overseer had to drink that "wine" all his days.	Section 1.	At last the long expected hour arrived; our train would be due in a short time.	Then all had a merry time together, reading, talking, telling the various adventures of the journey, and walking, as far as we were allowed, up and down the long platform outside, till we were called to go and see, if we wanted to see, how our things were being made fit for further travel.	And there was the "Polynesia" in the midst of this world of gloom, and anger, and distance.	He need not have told us to hurry; we were glad enough to be free again after such a long imprisonment in the uncomfortable car.	But we couldn't understand his explanation, though we always got along very easily with the Germans, and not until much later did we know that those wonderful things, with only a fat man to move them, were electric cars.	What a shout there rose!	It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.	We were obliged to stand and await further orders, the few seats being occupied, and the great door barred and locked.	I do not know how the others passed the time, because I was so lost in my meditations.	The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.	Where there had been noise and confusion before, peace and quiet were now.	For the day that brought the Passover brought us--our own family--the most glorious news.	Mamma, having five to pay for, owed fifteen marcs.	It was therefore a great disappointment when the captain said, in the evening, that we would not reach Boston as soon as he expected, on account of the weather.	Leading a quiet life, the same every day, and thinking such thoughts, feeling such emotions, the days were very long.