Eleven months in deep space is a fearfully, a tremendously long time.	So I _don't_ have anything to worry about, do I?"	"Huh?	In a lifecraft?	Now, Uncle Andy, I want the _truth_.	We've had it.	"Are you any good at obstetrics?"	Second Officer Theodore "Hercules" Jones was somewhat embarrassed.	"Not me; I like the scenery here better."	"Now strip, quick!"	Barbara asked.	Before he could get the gun into working position she was out of her pajamas--the fact that she had been wondering visibly what it was all about had done nothing whatever to cut down her speed.	Tomorrow?"	Name and job?"	The tax situation, you know."	They let them have all your stuff, but we aren't putting out a thing until some Brass gets out there and gets the real story----" "That _is_ the real story, damn it!"	All ships' officers from First to Fifth had to be.	II.	"That's enough out of you, Herc my boy.	Something that wouldn't mean anything to them ... musical, say ... Brahms.	[Illustration] "Where to?"	"We've got dozens of coils of hook-up wire," Deston said, "but not too many _miles_ and it's soft stuff."	He held her in his arms until the worst of it was over; but she was still coughing hard when she pulled herself away from him.	Maybe he's figured out a _variable_ time of some kind or other.	Thus, in less than six months, the _Procyon_ had attained a velocity almost half that of light.	So-long for half an hour, pet."	The two officers almost _had_ to be together, to discuss matters at unhampered length and to make decisions.	I'll have to kill him sometime, and the sooner the better.	Your first job will be to build some kind of a brute-force, belt-or-gear thing to act as a clock.	"They looked ... well, not exactly as though they had exploded, but----" he paused.	"Precisely."	Barbara broke in.	No, he would have killed the man; he would have _had_ to.	Don't make me laugh, Buster, Your probable center will spear it.	"I am in command."	I told him if I got married a thousand times I'd pick every one of my husbands myself, without the least bit of help from either him or her.	"I am.	He himself never went down to the Middle, which was passenger territory.	The communicator came on.	The end of the wire was run out over the pulley; a fifteen-pound weight, to act both as a "senser" and to keep the wire from fouling, was attached; and a few hundred feet of wire were run out.	And in their "spare" time they enjoyed themselves tremendously in becoming better and better acquainted with their wives.	"Against a man-mountain like that?	Then he had another thought, and with strong, deft fingers he explored the muscles of her arms and back.	"Definitely I couldn't.	"I don't know, no.	"When you get that stuff all plotted, you'll find a hell of a big confusion; but I _hope_ there aren't enough stars in it but what you can find us sometime."	Jones' voice cut in.	When he was finally released Captain French said, with a chuckle: "Off the air for a minute.	Adams lost himself in thought for over a minute.	"It'll be quite a while yet, but that's a promise, Moose.	Earned degrees, that is."	Thirty-two.	Deston exclaimed, involuntarily, as everything fell into place in his mind.	That is, he thought it was terrible--outrageous--a betrayal of the whole officer caste--but to me it makes everything just absolutely perfect."	I feel a lot better, knowing I'm not going to give birth to a monster.	He said nothing, however, until Barbara made him talk.	"Over the long pull--and the women--you're right," Deston agreed, and took out his slide rule.	"Let's cut the chat," Deston said then.	No trouble at all, my dear.	Captain French!	"It'd be suicide ... and with no motive ... _could_ they, Ted, possibly?"	"It _is Procyon One_--the Runt himself--Hi, Babe!"	"Hundreds of miles of it.	That'll take metal, but we can cannibal the whole Middle without weakening the structure."	Then Deston stared into the 'scope and gulped.	After some argument, the officers agreed.	I'm as good an astrogator as Jones is, and a damn sight better engineer.	I'm glad you're aboard, sir."	One evening, then, four hard-faced men sat at two small tables in the main room of Lifecraft Three.	"All my life.	Get in there--and _jump_!"	I don't like to let you ruin your career, either, but _nothing_ can separate us, now that we've found each other.	"It's no joke--I hope."	The tremendous engines of the _Procyon_ were again putting out their wonted torrents of power.	Besides, who wants a man a foot taller than she is and twice as big?	So I'll tell you this."	Judo techniques, however skillfully and powerfully applied, do not and can not kill instantly.	Insurance companies offered odds of tens of thousands to one that any given star-traveler would return unharmed from any given star-trip he cared to make.	Deston exclaimed.	Half the Grahams are leaking like sieves, and----" "Skip that, too.	Then, in Lifecraft Two--as far away from the "business district" as they could get--the human bodies were grounded and Deston started the reel.	Adams asked, caustically.	"With thanks to you, Barbara, for the word; slime.