But the submarine was entirely non-ferrous, and its officers were apparently quite familiar with the Nevian beams which licked at and clung to the green walls in impotent fury.	Say we're two light-years away.	It'll be best for you, believe me."	"When that gang goes after anything they get it, and when they get it it stays...." He broke off abruptly and his voice lost its edge.	Way 'nuff!"	"But hadn't you better get Captain Bradley first?	Without a word into the transformers, they seized Bradley and the girl.	"Genuine or not, it gets you to the Captain.	Good thing it didn't go off any sooner, or none of us would have been here.	Furiously the gigantic composite beam of the massed fleet was hurled, nor was it alone.	"They aren't.	"Somewhat!"	"You're going to live until you die of old age--see if you don't.	In due time the calculated mid-point was reached, the slim space-plane rolled over again, and, mad acceleration now reversed, rushed on toward the earth, but with constantly diminishing speed.	I don't want him to touch me again while I'm alive."	"You're the finest little fellow that ever waved a plume, and I would love you no matter what happened.	Finally he agreed to compromise.	Exactly nothing--a vacuum.	But the pirates could not stop all of Triplanetary's projectiles, now hurrying along inside the pipe as fast as they could be driven.	Oh, hurry!	Costigan muttered, as they passed through a low doorway and entered a narrow corridor.	You and your fellow scientists of the expedition have each contributed his entire personal fortune; why should not some of the rest of us also contribute, as private citizens?"	"Coming, Clio!	"Randolph!	I'm falling....	Rodebush drove an ultra-communicator beam through the murk to the instruments of the Terrestrial admiral; for the surviving warships of the Fleet--its most powerful units--were hurling themselves forward, to plunge into that red destruction.	Below each arm is a mouth: a beaked, needle-tusked orifice of dire potentialities.	C4V63L29.	The space suits were removed with care, and after the three had been relieved of their pistols and other articles which the Nevians thought might prove to be weapons, the strange paralysis was lifted entirely.	Suffice it to say that it has to do with a minor research, which is not progressing satisfactorily.	Here it is.	The gray monstrosity still sat unmoved behind his dials.	It's who and what you are and who and what I am that's eating me.	"Ah, a sixth-phase polycyclic.	"All right, Conway."	They're bringing in platoons of militia in full armor, and if we don't beat those boys to it we're in for plenty of grief.	"I know how you feel, but it's false chivalry."	"I'm going to see what we can do about it--or say, guess I'll see whether they're still interfering on Samms' wave."	From what we have learned of Roger, we do not expect him to surrender, but if any of you other men wish to avoid immediate death, leave your vessel at once.	Think you can stall him off and keep him interested for about fifteen minutes?"	"And the Nevians are afraid of them, and want to kill them all, as fast as they possibly can," guessed Clio.	That changes things, girl!	Donning a space-suit, he stationed himself in the starboard airlock.	But I guess they're pretty well disorganized back there yet, since they can't know who hit them, or what with, or why.	CHAPTER V   Nevian Strife The Nevian space-ship was hurtling upon its way.	"Come on, Cleve--snap it up!"	I can't find a trace of ultra-wave--anything below ether-level, you know--anywhere in the whole place.	Snap 'em on, Clio mine; the pirates ought to be getting fairly close by this time."	"I don't know--yet," Cleveland replied, slowly.	"Your armor's in that bundle there.	Through the water the Nevian commander darted along, steering his course accurately by means of his short, vaned tail.	Finally the thing was done, the crude but efficient graduated circles were set, and the tubes glowed redly as their solidly massed output was driving into a tight beam of ultra-vibration.	And the promised jolt did indeed come soon.	Full-driven as they were, Roger's screens flared white as he drove through the temporarily lessened attack of the Nevians; but in their preoccupation the amphibians did not notice the additional disturbance and the section tore on, unobserved and undetected.	He was not formally religious, but his every thought was a sincere prayer.	"But don't look for what's there--look for what _isn't_ there."	If we live--and that was part of the agreement, you know--we will all get what we sold out for.	Some fifteen days will be required for the journey, however, and our quarters are cramped.	Shall I give him a little pull?"	His hard gray eyes moved methodically over his instruments and recorders; and after a few minutes he smiled coldly, while an expression of relief struggled fleetingly to move his expressionless face.	"Clio?"	Most of them had been ordinary watchmen, not even wearing masks, and all such were already down.	"You did it, Conway; you did it!"	The living automaton opened a door and stood silent and impassive, while Clio, staring at her in unutterable horror, shrank past her and into the sumptuously furnished suite.	Anyway, we've done everything we can do--it's in the laps of the gods now."	The power of the smaller ships began to fail as their accumulators became discharged under the awful drain of the battle, and vessel after vessel of the Triplanetary fleet was hurled into nothingness by the concentrated blasts of the pirates' rays.	He shut off his offensive beams and surrounded the entire planetoid with the peculiarly rigid and substantial shield which had so easily warded off Costigan's fiercest attacks.	Go back and help Pittsburgh!"	At least, so would have run his thought had the subject entered his mind.	"Samms!"	"Charged cells for model DF Lewistons, none requisitioned, on hand eighteen thous...." The droning voice broke off short in the middle of a word and the private stood rigid, in the act of reaching for another slip, every faculty concentrated upon something, imperceptible to his companion.	He was, as she had said, hard.	One, two, three, he injected small, but precisely measured amounts of the fluids into the three vital localities, then placed the inert form upon a deeply cushioned couch.	Of course I wasn't surprised when his searchers failed to find our instruments, but it never occurred to me that I might have a clear field to use them in!	"I hate to think of Conway Costigan checking out.	The heavy cruiser _Chicago_ hung motionless in space, thousands of miles distant from the warring fleets of space-ships so viciously attacking and so stubbornly defending the planetoid of the enemy.	Costigan stopped and whirled.	"This one section is armed and powered to defeat Triplanetary's entire navy.	Clio declared, with a flash of spirit.	the captain snorted, and Costigan went on: "You won't need to.	Well it was for his peace of mind that he had no inkling that the harmless-looking sphere he was so blithely attacking was in reality the much-discussed, half-mythical "super-ship" of Triplanetary's Secret Service; nor that its already unprecedented armament had been re-enforced, thanks to that hated Costigan, with Roger's own every worth-while idea, as well as with every weapon and defense known to that arch-Nevian, Nerado!	"I said _when!_" snapped Costigan, his voice cutting like a knife.	I'd better not waste any more time talking--let's go!"