"A king you--act it!"	His crew had done their futile best to help; Bendon, his foreman, was still standing by.	Tedric, almost stunned by the novelty and audacity of this, the first amphibian operation in the history of his world, was dubious but willing.	Phagon ordered.	Time was running short; the hours that had formerly dragged like days now flew like minutes.	The few of the old, true blood stand out head and shoulders above the throng, and you stand out, even among them.	"One thing, Lady Rhoann, I understand not.	Wouldst like to be Priestess of Llosir?"	The Middle Branch was wide and swift; and to Tedric and his bowmen, landlubbers all, it was terrifyingly rough and boisterous and full of rocks.	"Three days from tomorrow's dawn, exactly as the top rim of the sun clears the meadow, make your charge out of the covering forest, with your archers spread to pick off all who seek to flee.	They did the obvious; I shall not.	I could not have swung weapon against Sarpedion.	Wilt keep...." Trycie raised her downcast eyes and stopped short in mid-sentence; her mouth dropping ludicrously open and her eyes becoming two round O's of astonishment.	"I have taken all the strength, all the power, all the force, all of everything that made Sarpedion what he was," the god began.	"Wouldst permit, sire?"	The younger man stared questioningly and the king went on: "My life, the lives of my family, and the future of all Lomarr," he said quietly.	Sciro was nearer, but Tedric was faster and stronger and had the better horse.	But to bed, gentlemen--tomorrow the clarions sound before dawn!"	First the wide-ranging scouts: lean, hard, fine-trained runners, stripped to clouts and moccasins and carrying only a light bow and a few arrows apiece.	But _me_, father, you boil not, nor flay, nor seek to punish otherwise, or I split this kingdom asunder like a melon.	"A good man, him," the boss boatman remarked to one of his mates.	"Take, Lord Llosir, all the strength and all the power and all the force that Sarpedion ever had.	"Yea."	Cross the Midvale at the ford three miles above us here.	And in that instant there appeared, in the now familiar cage-like structure of shimmering, interlaced bars, the form of flesh that was Llosir the god.	"And even if true, 'tis a thing to remedy itself.	Nothing whatever could have forced him to put an arrow nearer the gold than the farthest of the king's; to avoid doing so--without transparently missing the target completely--would take skill, since one golden arrow stood a bare three inches from the edge of the target.	But this, too, was passed--by dint of what labor and stress it is not necessary to dwell upon--and as the army debouched out onto the sparsely-wooded, gullied and eroded terrain of the high barren valley and began to make camp for the night.	Then, perhaps, Tark; but not before then."	And learning to be a riverman was so much easier than learning to be King Phagon's idea of a strategist!	"Mindst not beating _me_ but never the _Throne_?	Why?	"Yes, captain?"	Thus he was near at hand when Phagon went down.	Many of the rafts were lost, of course; and Tedric had to swim in icy water more than once, but he loved every exhausting, exciting second of the time.	he bellowed.	They, too, scattered widely and went practically naked: but bore the hundred-pound bows and the savagely-tearing arrows of their trade.	Phagon was very evidently skeptical, but looked around the temple, anyway.	"What thinkst you, Tedric, should be next?"	The only surprise was Hurlo's death ... he had my direct orders not to do battle 'gainst any force, however slight-seeming, but to withdraw forthwith into the castle, which was to be kept stocked to withstand a siege of months ... this keeps me from boiling him in oil for stupidity, incompetence, and disloyalty."	*       *       *       *       * The city of Lompoar, Lomarr's capital, lying on the south bank of the Lotar some fifty miles inland from the delta, nestled against the rugged breast of the Coast Range.	Lord Tedric, I listen."	To appear in that spectacularly conspicuous fashion, one flashing golden figure in a sea of dull iron-gray, was part of the king's job.	"Schillan, with me to my pavilion.	Surely not--Taggad would not split his forces at all seriously: 'tis but to annoy me ... or perhaps they are mostly barbarians despite the Sarlonian iron ... to harry and flee is no doubt their aim, but for Lomarr's good not one of them should escape.	_Everyone!_ Not to the priestess only; not only to those of the Old Blood; not only to citizens or natives of Lomarr; but to _everyone_--down to mercenaries, chance visitors, and such!	Also, take heed: disobey my orders but once, as Hurlo did, and you hang in chains from the highest battlement of your own Castle Middlemarch until your bones rot apart and drop into the lake."	But 'tis enough of explanation.	Buffalo-like lippita, moose-like rolatoes, pig-like accides--the largest and among the tastiest of Lomarr's game animals--were so abundant that one good hunter could kill in half an hour enough to feed a century for a day.	"_No!_" the king roared.	His first arrow grazed the edge of the butt and was an inch low; his second plunged into the padding exactly half way between the king's wildest arrow and the target's rim.	And any armsmaster who threwest not arrows by hand at this range to beat both of us should be stripped of badge?"	Is it what you've been niggling at me to say?"	I feel as much a commoner...." "Commoner?	Unobserved, Sciro had been waiting for a chance to speak to his superior officer.	'Tis of little enough use, and a shrine will not interfere with what little use it has."	On, up the bluely placid Lake Midvale, a full day's march long and half that in width.	The north bank was different, vastly different, from the south one.	"First punish Devoss, sire!"	Great Llosir had appeared in person.	"Not stupid, Tedric, but lacking in judgment, which is not as bad; since the condition is, if you care enough to make it so, remediable.	The king's second daughter was very like his first in size and shape, but her eyes were a cerulean blue and her hair, as long and as thick as Rhoann's own, had the color of ripe wheat.	"'Tis enough.	Tedric straddled his king's head, Sciro his feet; and, back to back, two of Lomarr's mightiest armsmasters wove circular webs of flying steel through which it was sheerest suicide to attempt to pass.	"Begin, Lord Tedric," said the king.	Rhoann snapped.	"'Tis exactly as I saw him, sire," Tedric replied, firmly.	The king did not rest long; the heralds called Tedric in before half his job was done.	Just outside the town's limit and some hundreds of feet above its principal streets there was a gigantic half-bowl, carved out of the solid rock by an eddy of some bye-gone age.	First to his shop, where his armor was removed and where he scratched himself vigorously and delightfully as it came off.	To each man a loaf each day, and all the meat he can eat.	Phagon was lecturing from a large map, using a sharp stick as pointer; Tedric, Sciro, Schillan, and two or three other high-ranking officers were watching and listening.	"Aye, daughter.	"Wilt give orders to build...?"	"True, but neither of them was a strategist.	Hence, my rascally but well-loved parent, here 'tis.	So doing, one day, he came upon King Phagon and the Lady Rhoann practicing at archery.	"'Twill save you rafts, sire, if he works with us.	As the two Lords of the Realm, so lately commoners, strode away to do what had to be done: "Neither of us feels any nobler than ever, I know," Sciro said, "but in one way 'tis well--very well indeed."	First our king, then the Lady Priestess Trycie and her maids, then the Family, then the Court, then the rest.	"Armor.	He was not the type to sit in idleness when there was something physical to do, something new to learn.	"Canst swim, Lord Tedric?"