Is the great god so weak, so afraid, so unable to defend himself against a one-man stranger that he...." "Take care, smith--silence!	"He of Sarpedion who paid your wages lies there dead.	A full company of the Royal Guard was already there.	Since when has it been against the law to have a personal god?	"Oh, yes, the new iron.	"Tedric, attend!"	"You know better than to ask that question, priest.	Then the man lies on the green rock and loses his brain, liver, and heart."	"I thank you, Lord Tedric.	The Temple of Sarpedion was a tall, narrow building, with a far-flung outside staircase leading up to the penthouse-like excrescence in which the green altar of sacrifice was.	There will be a price, I suppose.	He should have thought of that himself, sooner, damn him for a fool!	I will be glad to make you my son."	Knewst I was coming?"	"If you will support the Throne with the strength I so clearly see is to be yours, I will back you, with the full power of the Throne, in anything you wish to do."	That green stone from which altars are made--you can secure some of it?"	Make wedge!	"Not that, sire, ever.	No ordinary virgin of the common people.	When those links are broken, by fire and sacrifice, the god may not exactly die, but he can do no more of harm until his priests have made a new image and spent much time and effort in building up new linkages.	Hast found me worthy of the god-metal, Lord Llosir?"	But did he have time?	he asked the foreman.	On his left, beyond the stairwell, the wall was equally solid for twice as far.	He should not have appeared to you, but to one of us, and in the temple."	That all here may see and know, I command you to strike at me your shrewdest, most effective, most powerful blow."	"What a man sees with his eyes, hears with his ears--especially what a man hears _without_ ears, as I hear now--he knows with certain knowledge to be the truth.	Your wrought iron is beautiful stuff; so is your white cast iron; and you would not, ordinarily, in your lifetime, come to know anything of either carburization or high-alloy steel, to say nothing of both.	Can your girl-muscled, fat-bellied priest's body move fast enough to dodge my blow?	That evening he selected a smooth, fine-grained stone and whetted the already almost perfect cutting edge of his new sword; an edge which in cross-section was rather more like an extremely sharp cold-chisel than a hollow-ground razor.	He was in a corner.	That there is to be no more of it, even to you?	They liked it.	"In every way!"	"Yes, Lord.	It was hard work, and he did not want to wear himself out too soon.	No.	Call your men back thirty paces.	"Art Lord Tedric?"	This armor I wear is not of iron, but of god-metal, the metal of Llosir, my personal and all-powerful god.	And of all the others who shirk not, each will be given an iron sword--this in addition to your regular pay.	"I thank you, Lord Llosir.	All others of his ilk will die ere this day's sunset.	Tedric reached the foot of that staircase and grimly, doggedly, cut his way up it.	Seize him, men, and smash that image!"	However, desperate situations require desperate remedies.	Just stiff."	This first swing, horizontal and neck-high, was fully as fierce-driven as the one that had cloven the test-piece and almost ruined his testing-block.	And the blows his steel was taking, aimed at head or neck or shoulder, were doing no harm at all.	As he mounted higher and higher, however, the opposition became less and less instead of greater and greater, as he had expected.	What is your name, Lord?	the discomfited priest demanded.	"It will be, but there's a lot more to fighting a platoon of soldiers than armor and a sword, my optimistic young savage."	Dost like the bargain?"	he asked, only half sarcastically.	Gods are spirits; bound to their images, and in a weaker way to their priests, by linkages of spirit force.	"Knowst my iron sword, the one I wear, with rubies in the hilt?"	"Knowst what the sages said."	The mercenaries did not flow over the sides of the ramp in two smooth waves.	"Art hurt, Lady Rhoann?"	The smith's mien was quiet and unperturbed; his thought was loaded to saturation with unshakable conviction.	Two more whistling strokes and a moment's study of the scene of action assured him that there would be no more sacrifice that day.	"Yes, so let's get at it.	"I wonder how I can hear when there is no sound, but men cannot understand the powers of gods.	Ordinary meteorites are nickel-iron, but this one carries two additional and highly unusual elements, tungsten and vanadium, which are necessary for our purpose.	It would do no good to kill only one Sarpedion.	He had not, however, had a really good look at Skandos' face.	I am, however, the best smith in all Lomarr, hence they have slain me not.	How can we of Lomarr _ever_ attain comfort and happiness if more die each year than are born?	That is rankest blasphemy!"	He could argue for a week, he knew, without making any impression whatever upon what the stubborn, hard-headed Tedric knew so unalterably to be the truth.	Two more to go.	"If you give me the god-metal, Lord, I will make of it a sword and armor--a sword sharp enough and strong enough to cut through copper or iron without damage; armor strong enough so that swords of copper or iron cannot cut through it.	The attackers opened the door, saw the smith, and rushed.	Tedric snarled.	"Have I made it clear that I intend to stop human sacrifice?	And then?"	I have power enough to see to that."	"I can, Lord.	We will offer you anything else--_anything_ else--but not even your refusal to give me the god-metal will change my stand on that."	And when two hundred and thirty pounds of man, dressed in eighty or ninety or a hundred pounds of steel, leaps from a height of eight or ten feet upon a group of other men, those other men go down.	He was not pressed.	The rest of you will ram me into the center of that phalanx with everything of driving force that in you lies.