--On the broad mountain top   The neighing wild colt races with the wind   O'er fern and heath-flowers.	Exactly so.	In the last scene, horses in rich trappings and carriages covered with gold are introduced, and the good children are to ride in them and be Lord Mayors, Lords, &c.; Cain and the bad ones are to be made cobblers and tinkers, and only to associate with such.	"Why are you reading romances at your age?"	For a true poet will never confound verse and prose; whereas it is almost characteristic of indifferent prose writers that they should be constantly slipping into scraps of metre.	her generous sons attach'd   To principles, not persons, spurn the idol   They worshipp'd once.	A capital letter, addressed to a private person, and intended as a sharp reproof for intrusion.	This is the deep mystery of the abyss of God.	A perusal of the authorities cited by Johnson in his dictionary under any leading word, will give you a lively sense of this declension in etymological truth of expression in the writers after the Restoration, or perhaps, strictly, after the middle of the reign of Charles II.	Thus all combined, yet all were separate; all served, yet all were free.	It might be presumption to say, that any important part of these Lectures could not be derived from books; but none, I trust, in supposing, that the same information could not be so surely or conveniently acquired from such books as are of commonest occurrence, or with that quantity of time and attention which can be reasonably expected, or even wisely desired, of men engaged in business and the active duties of the world.	And indeed, whilst I can never, I trust, show myself blind to the various merits of Jonson, Beaumont and Fletcher, and Massinger, or insensible to the greatness of the merits which they possess in common, or to the specific excellencies which give to each of the three a worth of his own,--I confess, that one main object of this Lecture was to prove that Shakspeare's eminence is his own, and not that of his age;--even as the pine-apple, the melon, and the gourd may grow on the same bed;--yea, the same circumstances of warmth and soil may be necessary to their full development, yet do not account for the golden hue, the ambrosial flavour, the perfect shape of the pine-apple, or the tufted crown on its head.	The difference between such a man and a bolder liar, is merely that between the hour hand, and that which tells the seconds, on a watch.	It tended there to union and permanence and elevation,--not as the overbalance of it in England is now doing, to dislocation, change and moral degradation.	It is most unpleasant to converse with such persons on subjects of taste, philosophy, or religion.	compare this word with its literal translation, "tail-horn-hoofed Satan," and be shy of compound epithets, the components of which are indebted for their union exclusively to the printer's hyphen.	It is not without ground that I direct your attention, under these circumstances, to the probable derivation of some portion of this most remarkable system from patriarchal tradition, and to the connection of the Cabeiri with the Kabbala.	A man of genius may securely laugh at a mode of attack by which his reviler, in half a century or less, becomes his encomiast.	A meaner writer, a Marmontel, would have put an (!)	Is it manifold?	In the same sermon, the reader will meet with Hume's argument against miracles anticipated, and put in Thomas's mouth.	LEGENDRE.	Lastly, the causes of the terror and interest which stories of ghosts and witches inspire, in early life at least, whether believed or not.	So likewise, whilst it recalls the sights and sounds that had accompanied the occasions of the original passions, poetry impregnates them with an interest not their own by means of the passions, and yet tempers the passion by the calming power which all distinct images exert on the human soul.	Such change as really took place in the style of our literature after Chaucer's time is with difficulty perceptible, on account of the dearth of writers, during the civil wars of the 15th century.	In Homer you have a poem perfect in its form, whether originally so, or from the labour of after critics, I know not; his descriptions are pictures brought vividly before you, and as far as the eye and understanding are concerned, I am indeed gratified.	For not uninterested the dear maid   I've view'd--her soul affectionate yet wise,   Her polish'd wit as mild as lambent glories   That play around a sainted infant's head.	1794.	[Footnote 2: Here Mr. C. notes: "Not perhaps here, but towards, or as, the conclusion, to chastise the fashionable notion that poetry is a relaxation or amusement, one of the superfluous toys and luxuries of the intellect!	I will venture, therefore, to propose the following: a 'Bull' consists in a mental juxta-position of incongruous images or thoughts with the sensation, but without the sense, of connection.	And in this respect, Dante's excellence is very great, and may be contrasted with the idiosyncracies of some meritorious modern poets, who attempt an eruditeness, the result of particular feelings.	Ed.]	67.)	They are not, in the true sense of the word, picturesque; but are composed of a wondrous series of images, as in our dreams.	Hence too, it is, that the true ludicrous is its own end.	This you experience in reading Young, and also not unfrequently in Butler.	In Spenser the spirit of chivalry is entirely predominant, although with a much greater infusion of the poet's own individual self into it than is found in any other writer.	my sickening heart   Has sunk within me, when the various woes   Of my brave country crowded o'er my brain   In ghastly numbers--when assembled hordes,   Dragg'd from their hovels by despotic power,   Rush'd o'er her frontiers, plunder'd her fair hamlets,   And sack'd her populous towns, and drench'd with blood   The reeking fields of Flanders.--When within,   Upon her vitals prey'd the rankling tooth   Of treason; and oppression, giant form,   Trampling on freedom, left the alternative   Of slavery, or of death.	Let a body be suspended in the air, and strongly illuminated.	What figure is here?	There is a great magic in national names.	In every work of art there is a reconcilement of the external with the internal; the conscious is so impressed on the unconscious as to appear in it; as compare mere letters inscribed on a tomb with figures themselves constituting the tomb.	c.	JEREMY TAYLOR.	Another and a very different species of style is that which was derived from, and founded on, the admiration and cultivation of the classical writers, and which was more exclusively addressed to the learned class in society.	Heu!	Remember that there is a difference between form as proceeding, and shape as superinduced;--the latter is either the death or the imprisonment of the thing;--the former is its self-witnessing and self-effected sphere of agency.	11.)	[1] ...   And now once more a tale of woe,   A woful tale of love I sing;   For thee, my Genevieve!	Who cast in chains the friends of Liberty?	The introduction of the arch is not less an epoch in the fine than in the useful arts.	An excellent burlesque on parts of the Schoolmen, though I believe an unintentional one.	If I have not quite all the faith that the author of the 'Religio Medici' possessed, I have all the inclination to it; it gives me pleasure to believe.	If in the midst of the variety there be not some fixed object for the attention, the unceasing succession of the variety will prevent the mind from observing the difference of the individual objects; and the only thing remaining will be the succession, which will then produce precisely the same effect as sameness.	Certain full and highly-wrought dissuasives from sensual indulgencies, in the works of theologians as well as of satirists and story-writers, may, not unaptly, remind one of the Pharos; the many lights of which appeared at a distance as one, and this as a polar star, so as more often to occasion wrecks than prevent them.	[2] [Footnote 1: From Mr. William Hammond's note taken at the delivery.	(C.	What would'st thou have a good great man obtain?	8.)	Thus is produced the novelty of an individual peculiarity, together with the interest of a something that belongs to our common nature.	The more remote these romances were from the language of common life, the more akin on that very account were they to the shapeless dreams and strivings of his own mind;--a mind, which possessed not the highest order of genius which lives in an atmosphere of power over mankind, but that minor kind which, in its restlessness, seeks for a vivid representative of its own wishes, and substitutes the movements of that objective puppet for an exercise of actual power in and by itself.	But the Christian poet has his own feelings to express, and goes on:--   Oh gran bontà de' cavalieri antiqui!	The 'Iliad'--and, more or less, all epic poems, the subjects of which are taken from history--have no rounded conclusion; they remain, after all, but single chapters from the volume of history, although they are ornamental chapters.	seems to have afforded the precedent; he assures his readers, that by an accurate calculation there were 50,000 incorrigible atheists in the City of Paris!	Accordingly, sculpture was not attempted by the Gothic races till the ancient specimens were discovered, whilst painting and architecture were of native growth amongst them.	BARRERE.	And this is the true exposition of the rule that the artist must first eloign himself from nature in order to return to her with full effect.	'Objection'.	Wolff too, though not a boaster, was yet persecuted into a habit of egotism both in his prefaces and in his ordinary conversation, and the same holds good of the founder of the Brunonian system, and of his great namesake Giordano Bruno.	As justly conceived as it is beautifully expressed.	The true comic is the blossom of the nettle.	He individualizes, not so much, if at all, by the exhibition of moral or intellectual differences, as by the varieties and contrasts of manners, modes of speech and tricks of temper; as in such characters as Puntarvolo, Bobadill, &c. I believe there is not one whim or affectation in common life noted in any memoir of that age which may not be found drawn and framed in some corner or other of Ben Jonson's dramas; and they have this merit, in common with Hogarth's prints, that not a single circumstance is introduced in them which does not play upon, and help to bring out, the dominant humour or humours of the piece.	EPILOGUE TO THE RASH CONJUROR.	CLARK.	The perusal of a fashionable lady's novel is to me very much like looking at the scenery and decorations of a theatre by broad daylight.	But in the comment of Rabbi Akibah on Ecclesiastes xii.	By the by, Addison in the Spectator has grossly misrepresented the design and tendency of Bruno's 'Bestia Triomphante'; the object of which was to show of all the theologies and theogonies which have been conceived for the mere purpose of solving problems in the material universe, that as they originate in fancy, so they all end in delusion, and act to the hindrance or prevention of sound knowledge and actual discovery.	244.)	In one of his youthful poems, speaking of God, he had said,--   --'Of whose all-seeing eye   Aught to demand were impotence of mind.'	4.	At length the promises of the imaginative reason begin to act on the plump, sensual, honest common sense accomplice,--but unhappily not in the same person, and without the 'copula' of the judgment,--in hopes of the substantial good things, of which the former contemplated only the glory and the colours.	II.	Kingston, July 4, 1801.