1.F.5.	"All serene," said Sam; "I'll be done with it in about an hour."	"Turn out!"	Here you," said the manager, opening the door, and speaking to the nearest workman, "tell Mr Durfy to step here."	"I suppose I had better put my statement down in writing?"	"Where are we to get it from?"	"There, now you're happy!"	"That would still leave me two pounds a week, and of that I could send home at least twenty-five shillings."	She would not believe Reginald was guilty of the odious crimes Sam had so glibly catalogued; but guilty or not guilty, he was in prison, and it is only due to the honest, warm-hearted Jemima to say that she wished a hundred times that wretched evening that she could be in his place.	He heard the voices and tread of the other lodgers in the room; he heard the harsh groan of the bolt on the outer door downstairs; and he saw the candle die down in its socket.	He tried in vain to collect his thoughts, but they were hopelessly astray, leaving him for the time barely conscious, and wholly uninterested in what was taking place around him.	He relapsed into silence, and had to derive what compensation he could from the fast talk in which the other three engaged, apparently heedless of his presence.	Polly's out!"	It's as good as a play to read the letters he sends me up about getting the orders executed in strict rotation, as entered in a beautiful register he kept, and which I borrowed, my boy.	You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.	"Mr Medlock, is it?	Horace, however, had too much of the _Rocket_ in his business hours to crave for a further perusal of it during his leisure.	In corse!	"Harker and I were new boys once, weren't we, Harker?"	"I've not come here to take any of your impertinence."	Whether he succeeded or not I can't say.	It had been during this period that he had made the acquaintance of Shuckleford, and the prospect of revenge which that intimacy opened to him was a welcome diversion to the monotony of his existence.	At last Mr Shanklin burst out into a laugh.	"Couldn't help.	He went on writing, and did his best to affect oblivion of his enemy's presence.	And I'm sure you've only to look at 'Orace's coat and 'at to see they must be in debt: the poor boy looks a reg'lar scarecrow.	The manager looked after him.	"You'll call me a fool, I suppose," he said; "but how could I help it?"	He made up his mind the board-room would be furnished in green leather, and that the Bishop of S-- would be a jolly sort of fellow and fond of his joke.	No, he would reply to it before he told any one; and then, if the answer _was_ unsatisfactory--which he could not think possible--then no one would be the wiser or the worse for it.	"That there _Robinson_ ain't a bad 'un," said Love, before the reading began; "I read 'im while I was a-waitin' for you.	Oh no, not me!	They also played cards, at which, by a singular coincidence, Mr Shanklin won too.	Poor Reg, spirited up for a while by his brother's courage, proceeded more gingerly with his sweeping, much amazed in the midst of his misery to discover how many walks in life there are beyond the capacity even of the captain of the fifth of a public school.	INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.	"Certainly, Master Cruden," said the lawyer, a trifle disconcerted by this unexpected interruption.	With nine shillings left in his pocket, and twelve days yet to Christmas, it was as clear as daylight that things were rapidly approaching a crisis.	So I lets it be; and my eye, ain't that a topper for somebody--oh no!"	Liverpool, too!	"But the child's 'eart would break, Sam, if--" "Let it break.	So he shambled off with his book under his arm, secretly congratulating himself that the bed in the attic was close to the window, so that he would be able to get a jolly long read in the morning.	Reginald was to copy out the addresses, and Master Love, whose appetite was always good, was to fold and insert the circulars and "lick up" the envelopes.	Just at the corner Horace encountered Gedge, one of the late hands in question.	"Love, indeed!	"That's not bad for you," said Gedge, approvingly; "not half bad.	He drained it half empty; then stopping suddenly, he said,-- "Have you had any yourself?"	Yes," said Reginald.	What then about young Gedge?	He's had his name turned inside out, and I do believe he thinks it an improvement!	"So I am; but, I say," added Bland, reddening as an acquaintance passed and nodded to him, "I'm rather in a hurry, Cruden, just now.	Here was a man who evidently knew Reginald's real character, and could, doubtless, if properly handled, put him on the scent, and, as he metaphorically put it to himself, "give him a clean leg up over the job."	He impounded the document, envelope and all, cross-examined and brow-beat his own witness--in fact, did all a rising young lawyer ought to do, and concluded in judicial tones, "Very good, Mrs Wrigley; I think we can do something for you.	He had never been rude to a lady in all his life except once, and the penance he had paid for that sin had been bitter enough, as the reader can testify.	That gaunt, empty window of Number 13, with the reflected glare of the lamp opposite upon it, seemed to leer down on him like a mocking ghost, claiming him as its own.	he inquired, as he resumed his seat.	There!	"No fear," replied the boy.	But there was a cloud on the bright horizon which his mother and Horace were quicker to observe than he.	It was some time before the operation was complete, and even then Mr Durfy's powers of speech had not returned.	They appeared by no means elated at seeing him, but that mattered very little to the hungry Durfy, who followed them into the supper-room and took his seat at the table beside them.	He was able without difficulty or obtrusiveness to follow his man at a few yards' distance, and even give proof of his solicitude by an occasional steadying hand on his arm.	There was a pause, and you might have heard a pin drop as Samuel slowly lifted his hand and said in a stage whisper,-- "Now then, mind what you're at.	Think it well over.	He had a great mind to stroll round by Number 16, Grip Street that evening to see who this mysterious "B" could be.	"No--I--I don't think--let's get away."	"How do I know what you are talking about?"	said the horrified mother.	He felt aggrieved by the family calamity, and just enough ashamed of his poverty to make him touchy and intractable to a degree which, as we have seen already, amounted sometimes almost to stupidity.	"That's right," said he to Reginald, encouragingly; "much better to come quietly, looks better.	I hated the sight of you from the first."	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	Mrs Cruden took the letter and read aloud,-- "Dear Horrors--" ("That's what he calls me, you know," explained Horace, in a parenthesis.)	"Oh, I see.	"Why, before you came I flattered myself I was a bit of a dab at the scissors-and-paste business, but you've gone and cut me out completely."	With which philosophical albeit enigmatical conclusion he buried his face once more in his hands, and immersed himself in the literary "jam" before him.	Whereupon everybody flopped down on the seat nearest within reach.	"Go and tell the magistrate then!"	"Jolly glad I shall be to see him, too.	I heard of you from a friend of mine.	"Didn't I tell you to shut up?"	"I know that, young man," said she.	It is true, Mr Barber, who had not yet given up the idea of asserting his moral and intellectual superiority, continued by the ingenious device of "squabbling" his case, and tampering with the screw of his composing-stick, and other such pleasing jokes not unknown to printers, to disconcert the new beginner on one or two occasions.	And you would, of course, occupy the Company's house at Liverpool.