Segismund!	And on a sudden how he stands at gaze      As might a wolf just fasten'd on his prey,      Glaring at a suddenly encounter'd lion.	What,      At last--his old self--undisguised where all      Is masquerade--to end it!--You kneeling too!	Ay, the capital; and ev'n      That capital of capitals, the Court:      Where you may plead, and, I may promise, win      Pardon for this, you say unwilling, trespass,      And prosecute what else you have at heart,      With me to help you forward all I can;      Provided all in loyalty to those      To whom by natural allegiance      I first am bound to.	Prince Segismund!	And, as I think,      Will soon be here to run it down with us.	He was the first we saw,--      And strangers and benighted, as we were,      As you too would have done in a like case,      Accosted him at once.	Now, if without a bullet after me,      I could but get a peep of my old home      Perhaps of my own mule to take me there--      All's still--perhaps the gentlemen within      Are dreaming it is night behind their masks--      God send 'em a good nightmare!--Now then--Hark!	Ask, ask, fair cousin!	You call me Prince of Poland, and yourselves      My subjects--traitors therefore to this hour,      Who let me perish all my youth away      Chain'd there among the mountains; till, forsooth,      Terrified at your treachery foregone,      You spirit me up here, I know not how,      Popinjay-like invest me like yourselves,      Choke me with scent and music that I loathe,      And, worse than all the music and the scent,      With false, long-winded, fulsome compliment,      That 'Oh, you are my subjects!'	Away with you!	SEGISMUND (within).	CLO.	Oh, very well:      From one of this same Polish realm of yours,      Who promised a return, should come the chance,      Of courtesies that he received himself      In Muscovy, and left this pledge of it--      Not likely yet, it seems, to be redeem'd.	My chamberlain?--      And these that follow you?--      CHAMB.	Enough, enough;      Your hand; a bargain on both sides.	SEG (to himself).	No matter for myself: but I would know      About my mistress--I mean, master--      CLO.	And if the judge proved wrong,      My son withholding from his right thus long,      Shame and remorse to judge and father both:      Unless remorse and shame together drown'd      In having what I flung for worthless found.	SEG.	And on what errand?	And what had those same stars to tell of me      That should compel a father and a king      So much against that double instinct?	CLO.	Your hand to that--But why does this warm hand      Shoot a cold shudder through me?	The trumpet of the watch to shut us in.	Take my sword!	I had not saved myself      At such a cost to him; but as a king,--      A Christian king,--I say, advisedly,      Who would devote his people to a tyrant      Worse than Caligula fore-chronicled?	What says my cousin?	Ay, this is welcome-worth indeed,      And cousin cousin-worth!	But from that hour to this, near, as I think,      Some twenty such renewals of the year      As trace themselves upon the barren rocks,      I never saw you, nor you me--unless,      Unless, indeed, through one of those dark masks      Through which a son might fail to recognize      The best of fathers.	Because      Of such a cause at stake we wait for odds--      For if not won at once, for ever lost:      For any long resistance on their part      Would bring Basilio's force to succour them      Ere we had rescued him we come to rescue.	CLO.	--The tower--the fortress--      --That the tower!--      --That mouse-trap!	ROS.	CHAMB.	Of all my subjects and my vassals here      Not one to do my bidding?	CLO.	--The Prince!--      --Oh, I should know him anywhere,      And anyhow disguised.	That I was Prince of Poland all the while,      And you my subject?	Fled, my lord, but close      Pursued; and then--      SEG.	CHAMB.	Alas!	Pardon me, my Lord,      But some few hours ago myself I learn'd      Your dignity; but, knowing it, no more      Than when I knew it not, your subject.	But even this not without grave mis-giving,      Lest by some chance mis-reading of the stars,      Or mis-direction of what rightly read,      I wrong my son of his prerogative,      And Poland of her rightful sovereign.	I know not how this is--perhaps in brutes      That live by kindlier instincts--but I know      That looking now upon that head whose crown      Pronounces him a sovereign king, I feel      No setting of the current in my blood      Tow'rd him as sire.	Ay, sir, to you,      Through that divine allegiance upon which      All Order and Authority is based;      Which to revolt against--      SEG.	He told me so--the Page      Who put us on the scent.	Then, with your pardon, Sir--if Segismund,      My cousin, whom I shall rejoice to hail      As Prince of Poland too, as you propose,      Be to a trial coming upon which      More, as I think, than life itself depends,      Why, Sir, with sleep-disorder'd senses brought      To this uncertain contest with his stars?	No angel!	Know that, if old, I yet have vigour left      To wield the sword as well as wear the crown;      And if my more immediate issue fail,      Not wanting scions of collateral blood,      Whose wholesome growth shall more than compensate      For all the loss of a distorted stem.	You dare!	At it at once!	How bore he that?	Ay--there another specialty of dreams,      That once the dreamer 'gins to dream he dreams,      His foot is on the very verge of waking.	Nor Nature's guiltless life alone--      But that which lives on blood and rapine; nay,      Charter'd with larger liberty to slay      Their guiltless kind, the tyrants of the air      Soar zenith-upward with their screaming prey,      Making pure heaven drop blood upon the stage      Of under earth, where lion, wolf, and bear,      And they that on their treacherous velvet wear      Figure and constellation like your own,      With their still living slaughter bound away      Over the barriers of the mountain cage,      Against which one, blood-guiltless, and endued      With aspiration and with aptitude      Transcending other creatures, day by day      Beats himself mad with unavailing rage!	Ay, I did indeed.	'Tis very pretty.	Well said, well said!	CLO (aside).	But--one thing--for a moment--in your ear--      Do you know one Clotaldo?	Oh but to save the reeling brain from wreck      With its bewilder'd senses!	And I remember      How the old man they call'd the King, who wore      The crown of gold about his silver hair,      And a mysterious girdle round his waist,      Just when my rage was roaring at its height,      And after which it all was dark again,      Bid me beware lest all should be a dream.	AST.	Hilloa!	Or have those stars indeed they told me of      As masters of my wretched life of old,      Into some happier constellation roll'd,      And brought my better fortune out on earth      Clear as themselves in heaven!--Prince Segismund      They call'd me--and at will I shook them off--      Will they return again at my command      Again to call me so?--Within there!	SEGISMUND.	Clotaldo!	So to be      Acknowledged and entreated, Sir.	Be content:      All in good time; and then, and not before,      Never to miss your master any more.	--Hold, every man of you!	CLO.	CLO.	ROS.	SEG.	Behind the rocks!	A SOLDIER.	--He's dead!	CHAMB.	And you would strangle him!--      But I am breaking with an inward Fire      Shall scorch you off, and wrap me on the wings      Of conflagration from a kindled pyre      Of lying prophecies and prophet-kings      Above the extinguish'd stars--Reach me the sword      He flung me--Fill me such a bowl of wine      As that you woke the day with--      KING.	Ay, but how know this sorrow that has grown      And moulded to this present shape of man,      As of your own creation?	I, to my shame!	Scene I. Segismund, as at first, and Clotaldo.	On our knees      Beseech you answer us!