Still untamed and uncontrolled;-- Heaven fulfils its word I feel, I to that same court appeal 'Gainst thy taunts, thou vain and bold, But although the truth thou'st heard, And now know'st thy name and race, And do'st see thee in this place, Where to all thou art preferred, Yet be warned, and on thee take Ways more mild and more beseeming, For perhaps thou art but dreaming, When it seems that thou'rt awake.	Take a bit of advice for that: Pause ere such bold words are said, Lest you may not have a head Upon which to hang your hat.	*     *     *     *     * SCENE V. ESTRELLA.	*     *     *     *     * SCENE VI.	Fair woman, speak; my will must be obeyed.	And though late do not defer With thy sovran light to shine; Round thy brow the laurel twine -- Deathless crown.	SIGISMUND.	If to-day he learns that he Is my son, and some hours after Finds himself once more restored To his misery and his shackles, Certain 'tis that from his temper Blank despair may end in madness -- But once knowing who he is, Can he be consoled thereafter?	The sun's orbit .	*     *     *     *     * SCENE XIII.	.	CLOTALDO.	And thus 'twist these different causes Vacillating and unfixed, I a remedy have thought of Which will with new wonder fill you.	On me [Aside.	-- To arms, my friends!	SIGISMUND.	To me This is tiresome and absurd.	To us both it is important To prevent and bring to nought This engagement and betrothal; First to me, that he, my husband, Should not falsely wed another, Then to thee, that their two staffs Being united, their joined forces Should with overwhelming power Leave our doubtful victory hopeless.	[ ASTOLFO.	ESTRELLA.	ASTOLFO [aside to ROSAURA.]	Hard law!	ROSAURA.	Did I, since you treat me thus, Try to kill my father?	ROSAURA [aside].	The new state in which I find you Must create a vague surprise, Doubts unnumbered must arise To bewilder and to blind you; I would make your prospect fair, Through the maze a path would show, Thus, my lord, 'tis right you know That you are the prince and heir Of this Polish realm:  if late You lay hidden and concealed 'Twas that we were forced to yield To the stern decrees of fate, Which strange ills, I know not how, Threatened on this land to bring Should the laurel of a king Ever crown thy princely brow.	ROSAURA.	I have got my portrait back; Come what may I am contented.	Good.	Who in these dark caves and cold Hears the tale your lips unfold.	SIGISMUND.	Let us kneel and kiss thy feet.	God!	Heavens!	[Several Soldiers enter.	CLARIN.	No.	How could I, by love conducted, Trust me to thine arms' embracing, When their haughty interlacing, Has already been instructed How to kill?	Thou art our own Prince, and we Will not have, and won't admit of, Any but our natural Prince; We no foreign Prince here wish for.	I say, Loose it, old dotard, grim and gaunt and gray, Or by another death [They struggle.]	SIGISMUND.	I know, Though a prince, he has committed 'Gainst me a great wrong.	Yes, and thus I wish to leave One door open, one free passage, By declaring all he saw Was a dream.	But, ah me!	[returning].	ASTOLFO.	I say, If you dare to stop my way From the window I will throw you.	*     *     *     *     * SCENE VIII.	'Tis needful now The commencement to resume.	Let me see and die:  forgive me; For I do not know, in faith, If to see you gives me death, What to see you not would give me; Something worse than death would grieve me, Anger, rage, corroding care, Death, but double death it were, Death with tenfold terrors rife, Since what gives the wretched life, Gives the happy death, despair!	Heartlessness is something hateful, I would boast a liberal name; Thus I put my highest claim In the fact of being grateful.	You say well, it was an omen; But supposing the bright vision Even were true, since life is short, Let us dream, my soul a little, Once again, remembering now With all forethought and prevision That we must once more awake At the better time not distant; That being known, the undeceiving, When it comes, will be less bitter; For it takes the sting from evil To anticipate its visit.	"* *[footnote] *"Clarin, que rompe el albor, No suena mejor."	Yes; so powerful, I am hindered Saying who he is, not doubting Even for greater things your wisdom And calm prudence, but through fear Lest against me your prized pity Might be turned.	If Rome could see me on this day Amid the triumphs of its early sway, Oh, with what strange delight It would have seen so singular a sight, Its mighty armies led By one who was a savage wild beast bred, Whose courage soars so high, That even an easy conquest seems the sky!	Then those, to whose care you trust This experiment, in a carriage Brought him here, where all things fitting The high majesty and the grandeur Of his person are provided.	Ah!	ROSAURA.	would you So bright a blade imbrue In blood that age already doth congeal?	ASTOLFO.	ASTOLFO, SIGISMUND, CLARIN, Servants, and Musicians.	From my earliest misfortune Everything that I've attempted Has been but one misery more -- Each the other's sad successor, All inheritors of themselves.	ROSAURA [aside.]	FIRST SOLDIER.	it is her honour That for her I must win back, Ere this kingdom I can conquer.	Sigismund must be the name Given to all pretended princes.	Tells us that the King is near, With his Court and Parliament.	ESTRELLA.	ASTOLFO.	For that traitor, that Aeneas Flying from his Troy, forgot there, Or left after him his sword.	CLOTALDO.	Oh, destiny!	I offended, I deceived, Sad remained, remained astonished, Mad, half dead, remained myself; That's to say, in so much torment, That my heart was like a Babel Of confusion, hell, and horror: I resolving to be mute, (For there are some pains and sorrows That by feelings are expressed, Better than when words are spoken).	Everything has been effected As you ordered.	There still lives Prince Sigismund, Miserable, poor, in prison.	Keep your faces all well covered, For it is a vital matter That we should be known by no one, While I question these two stragglers.	.	CLARIN [aside].	He could not the King deny.	.	But I am more.	I wished to kill this old man with my sword.	SIGISMUND.