The third I sometimes carried in my own pocket.	It was fortunate for me that, owing to its peculiar cause--indigestion--the irritability and consequent nervousness of Nippers, were mainly observable in the morning, while in the afternoon he was comparatively mild.	Revolving all these things, and coupling them with the recently discovered fact that he made my office his constant abiding place and home, and not forgetful of his morbid moodiness; revolving all these things, a prudential feeling began to steal over me.	I sat awhile in perfect silence, rallying my stunned faculties.	I now said to myself, buttoning up my coat to the last button.	It is labor saving to you, because one examination will answer for your four papers.	But nothing stirred.	Nothing of the kind.	I might give alms to his body; but his body did not pain him; it was his soul that suffered, and his soul I could not reach.	"What is your answer, Bartleby?"	The Egyptian character of the masonry weighed upon me with its gloom.	I rather absurdly concluded, knowing not with what possible threat to try to frighten his immobility into compliance.	"With submission, sir," said Turkey, with his blandest tone, "I think that you are."	"Does he want to starve?	I heard a slow scrape of his chair legs on the uncarpeted floor, and soon he appeared standing at the entrance of his hermitage.	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	The yard was entirely quiet.	"Ginger Nut," said I, willing to enlist the smallest suffrage in my behalf, "what do you think of it?"	Here I can cheaply purchase a delicious self-approval.	All is over with him, by this time, thought I at last, when through another week no further intelligence reached me.	"In mercy's name, who is he?"	"Think of it?"	But he vouchsafed no reply.	Rid myself of him, I must; go, he shall.	I placed his desk close up to a small side-window in that part of the room, a window which originally had afforded a lateral view of certain grimy back-yards and bricks, but which, owing to subsequent erections, commanded at present no view at all, though it gave some light.	I think his conduct quite unusual, and indeed unjust, as regards Turkey and myself.	What was to be done?	I opened it, and saw it was a savings' bank.	Or, to repeat a previous sentence, Nippers' ugly mood was on duty and Turkey's off.)	"I would prefer to be left alone here," said Bartleby, as if offended at being mobbed in his privacy.	Like a very ghost, agreeably to the laws of magical invocation, at the third summons, he appeared at the entrance of his hermitage.	I concluded to forget the matter for the present, reserving it for my future leisure.	If hereafter in your new place of abode I can be of any service to you, do not fail to advise me by letter.	Shall I acknowledge it?	Am I not right?"	said another turnkey passing me.	I am pained, Bartleby.	Ginger Nut, the third on my list, was a lad some twelve years old.	But he blankly declined.	It was the circumstance of being alone in a solitary office, up stairs, of a building entirely unhallowed by humanizing domestic associations--an uncarpeted office, doubtless, of a dusty, haggard sort of appearance;--this it must have been, which greatly helped to enhance the irritable desperation of the hapless Colt.	Then, laying his hand pityingly on my shoulder, sighed, "he died of consumption at Sing-Sing.	No answer.	I resolved to argue the matter over with him again.	As yet I had never of my personal knowledge known him to be outside of my office.	you will not dishonor yourself by such cruelty?	His steadiness, his freedom from all dissipation, his incessant industry (except when he chose to throw himself into a standing revery behind his screen), his great stillness, his unalterableness of demeanor under all circumstances, made him a valuable acquisition.	This worried me very much.	Nevertheless, my mind was not pacified; and full of a restless curiosity, at last I returned to the door.	Presently I felt something there, and dragged it out.	May Mrs. Cutlets and I have the pleasure of your company to dinner, sir, in Mrs. Cutlets' private room?"	"What is wanted?"	In a brief word or two, he moreover added, that perhaps I had better walk round the block two or three times, and by that time he would probably have concluded his affairs.	Rolled away under his desk, I found a blanket; under the empty grate, a blacking box and brush; on a chair, a tin basin, with soap and a ragged towel; in a newspaper a few crumbs of ginger-nuts and a morsel of cheese.	Now and then, in the haste of business, it had been my habit to assist in comparing some brief document myself, calling Turkey or Nippers for this purpose.	It was an old bandanna handkerchief, heavy and knotted.	He did not in the least roguishly accent the word prefer.	I never use it myself.	"Doesn't go?--done!"	Being under no disgraceful charge, and quite serene and harmless in all his ways, they had permitted him freely to wander about the prison, and especially in the inclosed grass-platted yard thereof.	"Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.	As I had intended, I was earlier than usual at my office door.	One prime thing was this,--_he was always there;_--first in the morning, continually through the day, and the last at night.	"Sitting upon the banister," he mildly replied.	"I would prefer not to," said he.	But he mollified me by making an oriental bow, and saying--"With submission, sir, it was generous of me to find you in stationery on my own account."	Sometimes from out the folded paper the pale clerk takes a ring:--the finger it was meant for, perhaps, moulders in the grave; a bank-note sent in swiftest charity:--he whom it would relieve, nor eats nor hungers any more; pardon for those who died despairing; hope for those who died unhoping; good tidings for those who died stifled by unrelieved calamities.	At all events, if nothing else could be decided upon, the alms-house must receive him.	"Bartleby, this is Mr. Cutlets; you will find him very useful to you."	I repeated my request in the clearest tone I could assume.	"You refer to Bartleby, I suppose.	That is too absurd.	At the expiration of that period, I peeped behind the screen, and lo!	Now, one Sunday morning I happened to go to Trinity Church, to hear a celebrated preacher, and finding myself rather early on the ground, I thought I would walk around to my chambers for a while.	Yes, as before I had prospectively assumed that Bartleby would depart, so now I might retrospectively assume that departed he was.	Some few days after this, I again obtained admission to the Tombs, and went through the corridors in quest of Bartleby; but without finding him.	Are you moon-struck?	So, much to my inconvenience, I went myself.	In my intent frame of mind, I had, as it were, imagined that all Broadway shared in my excitement, and were debating the same question with me.	Yes, Bartleby, stay there behind your screen, thought I; I shall persecute you no more; you are harmless and noiseless as any of these old chairs; in short, I never feel so private as when I know you are here.	"Is this so?"	deranged is it?	Half-past twelve o'clock came; Turkey began to glow in the face, overturn his inkstand, and become generally obstreperous; Nippers abated down into quietude and courtesy; Ginger Nut munched his noon apple; and Bartleby remained standing at his window in one of his profoundest dead-wall reveries.	All was still.