Though we had no opportunity to hear him confess it, Bembo's intention to destroy us was beyond all question.	There was a low, rustling breeze; and below, in the vale, the leaves were quivering; the sea lay, blue and serene, in the distance; and inland the surface swelled up, ridge after ridge, and peak upon peak, all bathed in the Indian haze of the Tropics, and dreamy to look upon.	He darted his harpoon, and missed; and the fish sounded.	"Aramai!"	The tappa--of the coarsest kind--was in one long, heavy piece; and, fastening one end to a column of Habiscus wood supporting the Calabooza, he went off a few paces, and putting the other about his waist, wound himself right up to the post.	THE HEGIRA, OR FLIGHT "I SAY, doctor," cried I, a few days after my adventure with the goblin, as, in the absence of our host, we were one morning lounging upon the matting in his dwelling, smoking our reed pipes, "Tamai's a thriving place; why not settle down?"	At the time, I was quite amazed to hear of press-gangs in a day of comparative peace; but the anomaly is accounted for by the fact that, of late, the French have been building up a great military marine, to take the place of that which Nelson gave to the waves of the sea at Trafalgar.	Now and then they run up a score at the Dance Houses in Honolulu, where the illustrious Tammahammaha III afterwards calls and settles the bill.	The singers, also, seemed to enjoy themselves mightily; some of them pausing, now and then, and looking round, as if to realize the scene more fully.	Here we lounged at our ease, eating baked pig and breadfruit off earthen plates, and using, for the first time in many a long month, real knives and forks.	They pant hard and fast a moment or two; and then, just as the deep flush is dying away from their faces, slowly recede, all round; thus enlarging the ring.	With some exceptions, the general appearance of the natives of Partoowye was far better than that of the inhabitants of Papeetee: a circumstance only to be imputed to their restricted intercourse with foreigners.	Upon which, he seemed to get beside himself; and the boy, who, with suspended paddle, was staring about him, received a sound box over the head, which set him to work in a twinkling, and brought the canoe quite near.	Upon a near approach, the picture loses not its attractions.	For my own part, I felt that I was under a foreign flag; that an English consul was close at hand, and that sailors seldom obtain justice.	The most curious of the doctor's jokes, was hoisting the men aloft by the foot or shoulder, when they fell asleep on deck during the night-watches.	One's etarnally thinkin' it's always July, it's so pesky hot."	Doctor Long Ghost and myself, however, never meddled with these preliminaries, but came to the feast itself with unimpaired energies.	"Stand by for stays," roared Flash Jack, bawling off with the cook's axe, at the fastening of the main-stay.	It was an atrocious piece of exaggeration, from beginning to end; and those who signed it could not have known what they were about.	My long friend engaged his favourites, the two younger girls, at the game of "Now," or hunting a stone under three piles of tappa.	'The devil mattee ye,' said I--'give me something to eat!'	Wicked priests here, too; and wicked idols in woman's clothes, and brass chains.	"Those poor fellows I saw the other day--the sick, I mean--how are they?"	On the return of the boat, sometime after dark, we learned a good deal from old Baltimore, who, having been allowed to run about as much as he pleased, had spent his time gossiping.	or I'll dart a harpoon at ye!"	The cannonading had hardly died away, when Jermin's voice was heard giving an order so unexpected that everyone started.	Presently we made out the following:--"Ah!	'bout ship!"	Cowed, as they supposed he was, from his attitude, the men, rejoiced at seeing him thus humbled, left him; after rating him, in sailor style, for a cannibal and a coward.	His brown hand was on the boat's gunwale; and he was hauled aboard in the very midst of the mad bubbles that burst under the bows.	This conclusion, however, was not altogether satisfactory.	In the annals of the island are examples of extravagant friendships, unsurpassed by the story of Damon and Pythias: in truth, much more wonderful; for, notwithstanding the devotion--even of life in some cases--to which they led, they were frequently entertained at first sight for some stranger from another island.	Now, there was no lack of idle sailors ashore, mostly "Beachcombers," who had formed themselves into an organized gang, headed by one Mack, a Scotchman, whom they styled the Commodore.	Another security against roguery was the permanent residence upon the premises of their chief, Tonoi.	As for the mob cap, not a fig did I care for it; but, to be taken for anything but a cavalier, by the ringleted one, was absolutely unendurable.	Captain Bob and his friends lived in a little hamlet hard by; and when morning showed in the East, the old gentleman came forth from that direction likewise, emerging from a grove, and saluting us loudly as he approached.	But before the deed could be done, the face became natural;--a sigh was heaved;--the eyelids quivered, opened, closed; and Long Ghost, twitching all over, rolled on his side, and breathed audibly.	CHAPTER LI.	These are the missionaries, their wives, and children, taking a family airing.	Thus only could we account for his conduct.	He seemed to be quite proud of his residence there; and alluded to it in the same significant way in which a provincial informs you that in his time he has resided in the capital.	Indeed, no one but Jermin could have prevented this murder.	It is preposterously lofty; indeed, a capital bird's-eye view of the congregation ought to be had from its summit.	There are tailors, and blacksmiths, and carpenters also; but not one of them is a native.	and he looked at Long Ghost.	Under Zeke's protection, we were secure from all impertinent interference in our concerns on the part of the natives.	ye villain, I scorn ye!"	Hawaii is some one hundred leagues in circuit, and covers an area of over four thousand miles.	We freely told them so.	The canoes are hauled up on the beach; the nets are spread to dry.	By many it was supposed that, should the captain leave the ship, the crew were no longer bound by her articles.	It was Sunday in Tahiti and a glorious morning, when Captain Bob, waddling into the Calabooza, startled us by announcing "Ah--my boy--shippy you, harre--maky sail!"	Still adhering to his resolution to keep the ship at sea in spite of everything, the captain, doubtless, intended to set himself ashore, leaving the vessel, under the mate, to resume her voyage at once; but after a certain period agreed upon, to touch at the island, and take him off.	What were his reasons for taking laudanum,--if, indeed, he took any whatever,--is best known to himself; and, as it is neither mine nor the reader's business, we will say no more about it.	By the side of Wilson was the mate, bareheaded, his gray locks lying in rings upon his bronzed brow, and his keen eye scanning the crowd as if he knew their every thought.	After a talk with the mate, the consul withdrew, going aboard the French frigate, which lay within a cable's length.	A dilapidated old musket of Tonoi's was borrowed for the doctor.	"Mr. Jermin," he cried loftily, and not deigning to notice the respectful salutation of the person addressed, "Mr. Jermin, tack ship, and stand off from the land."	Invalid whaling captains often adopt a plan like this; but, in the present instance, it was wholly unwarranted; and, everything considered, at war with the commonest principles of prudence and humanity.	It is used in lamps and for machinery, being much cheaper than the sperm, and, for both purposes, better than the right-whale oil.	The pendent sleeves adding much to the effect, the doctor called me the Bashaw with Two Tails.	Withdrawing into a covert, we there waited for the wild hogs; which, according to Zeke, would soon make their appearance, lured by the smell of blood.	Such queer ideas as they entertained of the hated strangers.	Pausing an instant, the sailor pressed softly the chest of his victim, sounding his slumbers; and then hitching the cord to his ankle, returned to the deck.	At last they left us; but long as I could see him at all, there was Poky, standing alone and motionless in the bow of his canoe.	From Afrehitoo you went to this place by a lonely pathway leading through the wildest scenery in the world.	Doctor Long Ghost, who saw him thus, ran away with the idea that he was under medical treatment at the time--in the act of taking, what the quacks call, a "sweat."	Judge, then, his feelings when Viner, the lost third mate, the instant he touched the deck, rushed up and wrung him by the hand.	But to my story.	Dashing forever against their coral rampart, the breakers looked, in the distance, like a line of rearing white chargers, reined in, tossing their white manes, and bridling with foam.	Spearing fish is glorious sport.	From above, you entered by a plank, with two elects, slanting down from the scuttle, which was a mere hole in the deck.	There was a sort of side-cloth in one corner, upon which, in bright, buff jackets, lay the fattest of bananas; "avees," red-ripe: guavas with the shadows of their crimson pulp flushing through a transparent skin, and almost coming and going there like blushes; oranges, tinged, here and there, berry-brown; and great, jolly melons, which rolled about in very portliness.	It was about this time that the whaling-ships, which have their regular seasons for cruising, began to arrive at Papeetee; and of course their crews frequently visited us.	RETIRING FOR THE NIGHT--THE DOCTOR GROWS DEVOUT THEY put us to bed very pleasantly.	Yet, in spite of all we could do, we lagged behind Zeke and Shorty, who, breathing hard, and perspiring at every pore, toiled away without pause or cessation.	The breeze was light, but freshening; and close-hauled, poor little Jule, as if nothing had happened, was heading in for the land, which rose high and hazy in the distance.	mickonaree tata matai!"	Nay, as a race, they cannot otherwise long exist.	In exchanging naval courtesies, I have known a French band play "Yankee Doodle" with such a string of variations that no one but a "pretty 'cute" Yankee could tell what they were at.	And upon these were placed, side by side, newly-plucked banana leaves, at least two yards in length, and very wide; the stalks were withdrawn so as to make them lie flat.	When will you give over?"