Look here, he took a servant from the rectory; I saw him.” So he ought,” said Frances..'Let us go,' she said, and blindly I followed her..They can't expect to stand a bad time..She was silent again..He passed down the narrow little passage, which she called a hall, of the seven and sixpenny house which was his first home.		
No!” she cried..There was a selfconscious strain in his blue eyes, and a pallor about his mouth, where the young, fair moustache glistened..I came out to listen to it..A very large, tipsy man, with his cap over his eyes, was calling..For a little way I carried her into the trees.		
I'll do my best for him.” He grinned to himself, in a very bad temper..That was all..What am I frightened of him for?.You will miss him,” said Mr Lindley, that is certain..And he wanted still more intensely to go right away, to Canada.		
I saw it was black and rough..Inside his breast was a pain like a wound..She went cold as she sat, and impervious, almost as if she had become stone..Then she laughed..After a while she calmed herself, rose, and sponged her face.		
Did you find it dead?” he asked..And all the while she had the insupportable feeling of being out of the order, selfresponsible, bewildered..What I am, I am; and let it be enough,” he thought..He could only hold her against his chest that was whitehot with love and belief in her..He would have to get all his plans ready.		
In such a rage I was I swung my limbs to torture till I fell sick with pain..'Would I were your dog,' said I..But now she was out of it, uncontrolled and troubled..After a time she heard the hard tread of her husband on the floor below, and, without herself changing, she registered his movement..By and by the vicar came in.		
Bachmann watched the blind foot groping in space for the ladder, and he felt the world fall away beneath him..But in two of them was the one will, that Bachmann should stay with Emilie..Down this path, past the well, and out by the white gate.” But that's not the public road.” I suppose not..It would be hard to get near to Mr Colbran..Mr Massy blinked at him.		
I'll go tomorrow to Barford.” A Fragment of Stained Glass Beauvale is, or was, the largest parish in England..Indeed, she was a great deal free of him..Unfortunately his smile would not go over his swollen eye, which remained grave and lurid..Hilda appeared last, and the clumsy, rawboned clergyman rose to meet her..There, in a cloud of smoke, she found Whiston playing cribbage.		
She went upstairs..'Give me your hand,' said I..She had almost gained the corner of the house when a heavy step came crunching through the trees..She went about very quietly..They were looking gloomily at the factory, and for a moment did not notice the girls.		
He stood and gazed, leaning against a tree..He was kind, and almost anxiously considerate..Louisa knew the ways of the working people..What do you find to like in him?” he said, with a hot heart..Yet,” he said, it was you who sent me the way I have gone.” I!” she exclaimed, in pride.		
His head was thrust forward, sunk a little between his powerful shoulders, and the strong jaw was pushed out aggressively..And then she knew he would speak..In her time, Miss Mary received as governess a few little daughters of tradesmen; Miss Louisa managed the house and went among her father's churchgoers, giving lessons on the piano to the colliers' daughters at thirteen shillings for twentysix lessons..Come away from the door, Jack,” he said, ineffectually..She looked apart from him and his world, gazing away to the sea.		
Inside was a tangle of twisted débris, the iron, in parts red with bright rust, looking still hot; the charred wood was black and satiny; from dishevelled heaps, sodden with water, a faint smoke rose dimly..When she recovered, she lay translated in the peace of satisfaction..If she had let herself, she would have hated him, hated his padding round the house, his thin voice devoid of human understanding, his bent little shoulders and rather incomplete face that reminded her of an abortion..There came into his consciousness a small, foreign sensation..At home they would need her, now Mary had come.		
What was the worth of speaking any more of it?.He felt afraid of her as she sat there, as he began to grow conscious of her..Where's it from?” Beauvale records—fifteenth century.” Beauvale Abbey,” I said; they were only very few, the monks..It gave her a delightful, mischievous sense of liberty..It had an uncertain, timid look about it.		
He looked up as she came in, and she shrank from his face..And he's got it?” Yes.” What does he mean by that?” She lifted her shoulders..She hurt him so deeply..I thought I did,” he replied..There was a strange impersonality about his low, exultant call that appealed to her irresistibly.		
She was the beauty and the clever child of the family..Frances knew what she was about..What was he, as he sat there in his pitdirt?.The young clergyman was keenly expected..She did not think about her husband.		
No..She would not feel, and she would not feel..Men's low voices answered..Suddenly, from one of her lapses into silence, she exclaimed: Why if there isn't Mr Jack!” Lois turned suddenly and saw her brother and her lover approaching her..Louisa was busy.		
But you can't get out of it as easy as that..She was a pretty little thing, with her fleecy, short black hair all tousled..And then, calmed, she looked up..II A widow of fortyfive With a bitter, swarthy skin, To ha' 'ticed a lad o' twentyfive An' 'im to have been took in!.And still in my nostrils   The scent of her flesh, And still my wet mouth   Sought her afresh; And still one pulse   Through the world did thresh.		
CRUELTY AND LOVE What large, dark hands are those at the window Lifted, grasping the golden light Which weaves its way through the creeper leaves           To my heart's delight?.I thought I could plunge in your spurting hotness, and be Clean of the cold and the must.With my hand on the latch I heard you in your sleep speak strangely to me..I expect you know who I am, Mrs Naylor!.A widow of fortyfive As has sludged like a horse all her life, Till 'er's tough as whitleather, to slive Atween a lad an' 'is wife!.'Tis a degradation deep to me, that my best Soul's whitest lightning which should bright attest God stepping down to earth in one white stride, Means only to you a clogged, numb burden of flesh Heavy to bear, even heavy to uprear Again from earth, like lilies wilted and sere Flagged on the floor, that before stood up so fresh.		
As I stand on this hill, with the whitening cave of the city beyond, Helen, I am despoiled of my pride, and my soul turns fond: Overhead the nightly heavens like an open, immense eye, Like a cat's distended pupil sparkles with sudden stars, As with thoughts that flash and crackle in uncouth malignancy They glitter at me, and I fear the fierce snapping of night's thoughtstars..When you had gone Ah stopped behind on t' pad i' th' drippin wet   An' watched what 'er 'ad on..No cause for surprise at all, my lad,     After lickin' and snuffin' at me, tha could Turn thy mouth on a woman like her     Did ter find her good?.Yi, an' 'im that young,       Snapped sudden out of all     His wickedness, among       Pals worse n'r ony name as you could call..I dunna know, They on'y towd me it wor bad     It would be so!		
'Appen then you've 'eered?.And I shall know the stamp and worth     Of the coin I've accepted as mine, Shall see an image of heaven or of earth     On his minted metal shine..RENASCENCE We have bit no forbidden apple,     Eve and I, Yet the splashes of day and night Falling round us no longer dapple The same Eden with purple and white..Say "Yes," tha clown..Yea and I long to see him sleep     In my power utterly, I long to know what I have to keep,     I long to see My love, that spinning coin, laid still     And plain at the side of me, For me to countfor I know he will     Greatly enrichen me.		
Under the glistening cherries, with folded wings       Three dead birds lie: Palebreasted throstles and a blackbird, robberlings       Stained with red dye..Say no more, Liz, dunna thee,     I might lose mysen. I'll only say goodbye to thee, Timothy,     An' gi'e her thee back again..Is it a tossup 'twixt thee an' me?.Let be that; there's some o' th' bad as we   Like better nor all your good, an' 'e was one..And I in the fur of the world, and you a pale fleck from the sky, How we hate each other tonight, hate, you and I, As the world of activity hates the dream that goes on on high, As a man hates the dreaming woman he loves, but who will not reply.		
Eh man, what a stubborn jackass thou art, Kiss me thenthere!ne'er mind if I scraightI wor fond o' thee, Sweetheart..Come out o' the way an' let me see,     Eh, there's no peace!.And I dared not enter, feeling suddenly dismayed..A moment, like a wavering spark,     Her face lay there before my breast, Pale love lost in a snow of fear, And guarded by a glittering tear,     And lips apart with dumb cries; A moment, and she was taken again in the merciful dark..III I am ashamed, you wanted me not tonight Nay, it is always so, you sigh with me.		
The horses are untackled, the chattering machine Is still at last..Ay, I did, but afterwards     I should like to ha' killed her!.Ah, only the leaves!.If she would come, I would gather up the warm hay from The hillbrow, and lie in her lap till the green Sky ceased to quiver, and lost its tired sheen..Her breath flew warm against my neck,     Warm as a flame in the close night air; And the sense of her clinging flesh was sweet Where her arms and my neck's bloodsurge could meet.		
Out o' my way, childtdear o' me, wheer     Have I put his clean stockings and shirt; Goodness knows if they'll be able     To take off his pit dirt..IV Nay robin redbreast, tha nedna     Sit noddin' thy head at me; My breast's as red as thine, I reckon,     Flayed red, if tha could but see..Eh, what a man!an' that cobbly road,     They'll jolt him a'most to death, I'm sure he's in for some trouble     Nigh every time he takes breath..Oh are you goin' to Underwood?.III =Men= Oh labourers, oh shuttles across the blue frame of morning, You feet of the rainbow balancing the sky!		
COROT The trees rise tall and taller, lifted On a subtle rush of cool grey flame That issuing out of the dawn has sifted     The spirit from each leaf's frame..A tough old otchel wi' long Witch teeth, an' 'er black hawkeyes as I've Mistrusted all along!.I have been too much for youAh, I remember!.Touches the clasp with trembling fingers, and tries To put her ear to the painful sob of my blood, While her tears soak through to my breast,       Where they burn and cauterise..And though it be love's wet blue eyes that cry To hot love to relinquish its desire, Still in their depths I see the same red spark As rose tonight upon us from the dark.		
COLDNESS IN LOVE And you remember, in the afternoon The sea and the sky went grey, as if there had sunk A flocculent dust on the floor of the world: the festoon Of the sky sagged dusty as spider cloth, And coldness clogged the sea, till it ceased to croon..Love is the great Asker,     The sun and the rain do not ask the secret     Of the time when the grain struggles down in the dark..AWARE Slowly the moon is rising out of the ruddy haze, Divesting herself of her golden shift, and so Emerging white and exquisite; and I in amaze See in the sky before me, a woman I did not know I loved, but there she goes and her beauty hurts my heart; I follow her down the night, begging her not to depart..When tha comes to the beechen avenue,     I'm warnin' thee o' summat..I wish tha hadna done it, Tim,     I do, an' that I do!		
he'll be comin' to tell thee hissèn       Wench, wunna he?.And now the moon Goes slowly out of the west, And slowly back in my breast My kisses are sinking, soon       To leave me at rest..The ground is a little chilly underneath     The leavesand, dear, you consume me all to an ember..Those were the days When it was awful autumn to me, When only there glowed on the dark of the sky The red reflection of her agony,     My beloved smelting down in the blaze     Of deathmy dearest Love who had borne, and was now leaving me..An' if my landlady seed me like it,     An' if 'er clawkin', tiger's eyes Went through me just as the light went out     Is it any cause for surprise?		
It's somebody's lies..VIOLETS Sister, tha knows while we was on the planks   Aside o' th' grave, while th' coffin wor lyin' yet On th' yaller clay, an' th' white flowers top of it   Tryin' to keep off 'n him a bit o' th' wet, An' parson makin' haste, an' a' the black   Huddlin' close together a cause o' th' rain, Did t' 'appen ter notice a bit of a lass away back   By a headstun, sobbin' an' sobbin' again?.Ah home, suddenly I love you, As I hear the sharp clean trot of a pony down the road, Succeeding sharp little sounds dropping into the silence, Clear upon the longdrawn hoarseness of a train across the valley..Yea, but I'm tellin' thee summat..And we are smothered between the darkness, we close our eyes and say "Hush!"		
God, lonely, put down His mouth in a kiss of creation, He kissed thee, O Man, in a passion of love, and left The vivid life of His love in thy mouth and thy nostrils; Keep then the kiss from the adultress' theft..I'm not havin' your orts an' slarts..So listen, I'm tellin' thee summat..'E says "Is it Arthur Holliday's?".Though I'll see as 'e pays you, an' comes to the scratch.		
Ah, here I sit while you break the music beneath Your bow; for broken it is, and hurting to hear: Cease then from musicdoes anguish of absence bequeath Me only aloofness when I would draw near?.I'm screetin' mysen, but arena goin'     To let iv'rybody see..Wheers he hurt this time, lad?.Hast owt to say otherwise From what I've arranged wi' thee?.I slept till dawn at the window blew in like dust, Like the linty, rawcold dust disturbed from the floor Of a disused room: a grey pale light like must That settled upon my face and hands till it seemed To flourish there, as pale mould blooms on a crust.		
TRANSFORMATIONS I =The Town= Oh you stiff shapes, swift transformation seethes About you: only last night you were A Sodom smouldering in the dense, soiled air; Today a thicket of sunshine with blue smokewreaths..'An 'appen you might guess what I've come for?.For whenever I look thee i' th' face, I s'll see     Her face too..Dear o' me, say summat..A moment ago She kissed me warm on the mouth, The very moon in the south Is warm with a bloody glow, The moon from far abysses Signalling those two kisses.		
And the world all whirling   Around in joy Like the dance of a dervish   Did destroy My senseand my reason   Spun like a toy..Tomorrow swimming in evening's vague, dim vapour Like a weeded city in shadow under the sea, Beneath an ocean of shimmering light you will be: Then a group of toadstools waiting the moon's white taper..It's no tossup 'twixt thee an' me..Oh you who flash your arms like rockets to heaven, Who in lassitude lean as yachts on the seawind lie!.An' me as 'as kep mysen Shut like a daisy bud, Clean an' new an' nice, so's when He wed he'd ha'e summat good!		
Which on us said you wor?.of the river     That will last for ever..I durstna kiss thee tha trembles so,     Tha'rt frit o' summat..Into the yellow, evening glow   Saunters a man from the farm below,   Leans, and looks in at the lowbuilt shed   Where hangs the swallow's marriage bed..An' mind when crossin' the planken bridge,     Again I warn ye o' summat.		
But the moon Never magnolialike unfurled     Her white, her lamplike shape..Essays    on Blake, Scott, Shelley, Keats, etc..OBITER DICTA..VOL..MINNIE No, mam, I don't want to.		
8vo..MRS. HOLROYD He wants to insult me, and humiliate me, in every moment of his life..By Auguste Bréal..(He looks at her quickly; she wavers and shrinks; he begins to smile strainedly as before) You don't know what you wish, or what you want..8vo.		
THE NOTEBOOKS OF LEONARDO DA VINCI..By Stopford A. Brooke..He ought to be dead..It's an ill wind brings no good..He's your father, remember.		
Unfasten his belt, child..By J. Comyns Carr..Aspects of Life and    Art in the Middle Ages..7s..THE LIFE AND LETTERS OF LESLIE STEPHEN.		
Holroyd begins to unlace his boots. HOLROYD (ashamed yet defiant, withal anxious to apologize) Wheer's my slippers?.As she goes upstairs, he moves, makes coughing sounds, turns over, and then suddenly sits upright, gazing at Blackmore..BLACKMORE (cold and clear) Where will you have him laid?.THE SOUL OF LONDON..They remain thus for a minute. HOLROYD Hello!		
MRS. HOLROYD He brought a couple of bright daisies here last nighttwo of those trollops from Nottinghamand I said I'd not have it..5s..MRS. HOLROYD Yes..'E didna seem to ha' strived much to get outdid he, Joe?.Sir Richard Tangye.		
An' it wouldna be so very long about it neither..Demy 8vo..6s.      See also Duckworth's Two Shilling Net Novels for another book      by Dion Clayton Calthrop.    CAUTLEY, C. HOLMES..And I don't care what it's been if you'll come with me..BLACKMORE NoI've tried.		
Any scissors or knives to grind?.Blackmore glances after her, then at Holroyd, who is preparing, like a bull, for another charge..GRANDMOTHER Ay, you've a stiff neck, but it'll be bowed by you're my age..Clara starts. HOLROYD Now then, get off!.BLACKMORE I hope not.		
PROTESTANT THOUGHT BEFORE KANT..CLARA I'm very comfy: I thank thee..5s..BLACKMORE You've been to sleep, Charlie, an' forgotten I came in with you, not long since..MRS. HOLROYD (contralto) Come along!		
She never spoke a word for a fortnight..As for youyou've got a red face where she slapped you..Vol..You couldn't help it..His pit things were gone when I got up.		
ART, THE POPULAR LIBRARY OF..In box..(She snaps her fingers) BLACKMORE Will you come with me?.net..Blackmore has made a space in the middle of the floor. BLACKMORE If you'll take the rockingchair off the end of the rug, Mrs. Holroyd, I can pull it back a bit from the fire, and we can lay him on that.		
HOLROYD (starting up) Thou'rt a liar!.CONSTABLE..5s..He is like that sometimes..A Novel.		
Essays in a branch of Folklore..Complete in one vol..MRS. HOLROYD Is he to have all his own way?.After hesitating, he picks up his cap. BLACKMORE I'll go thenat any rate..MRS. HOLROYD (quickly putting her hand over her breast) What is it?		
THE STRENUOUS LIFE, AND OTHER ESSAYS..Also in Persian yapp binding..Holroyd refuses to take any notice..II..[There is a pauseboth look at the sleeping man. BLACKMORE I suppose you're fond of him, really.		
By the Rev..MRS. HOLROYD No more..MRS. HOLROYD Thirtytwo..[Mrs..5s.		
By William Archer and    H. Granville Barker..net.).MRS. HOLROYD Don't say it BLACKMORE Why not?.He seems to be smiling..Fcap.		
