"I'm not always crying over it."."`Perhaps it's a new dog that he's got to take care of his cave,' said Patty..I need not explain what snapping is..I was watching the robin, when Patty, who had been peering out of her corner of Kitty's shawl, gave a great jump that dragged the shawl from our heads, and cried, "`Look!'"."That's very sneaking; but I don't care."		
"No, you don't."."Ah!.There were Guy Fawkes, Punch, his then Majesty the King, Bogy, the Man in the Moon, the Clerk of the Weather Office, a Dunce, and Old Father Christmas..But let me tell you that drowning's the death for a sailor, whatever you may think.."Well, we forgot," said Polly.		
But when he reached the landing he paused..And as neither of them lacked ready wit, and both were in constant practice, the art of snapping was cultivated by them to the highest pitch..But they often said, "We can't think how it is the children are always squabbling!".Nothing half so pleasant!."Go, if you dare."		
said my father..And Mrs Skratdj said it was quite impossible to do so, when Mr Skratdj spoilt Harry as he did, and weakened her (Mrs Skratdj's) authority by constant interference..If the visitor made a stand, he would bound away sideways on his four little legs; but the moment the visitor went on his way again, Snap was at his heels"Yap!."I can, if I like."."My father passed us at this moment, and patted my head.		
A tall, sandy, energetic young man, who carried his own bag from the railway..They jostled each other on the back stairs, said sharp things in the pantry, and kept up a perennial warfare on the subject of the duty of the sexes with the general manservant..But this is only at times.."Wait a minute," said Harry..Then we got Kitty's shawl once more, and stole out into the backyard.		
But on he had to go, wondering all the time how near it was to twelve o'clock, and whether the SnapDragons would stay till midnight and take him with them to Vesuvius.."But I'd rather you went," said the obdurate Polly..Besides barking, they snapped and wrangled with each other; and in this Harry must join also.."No, I didn't.."Not half so unreasonable as the things you ask."		
"`Who's been telling you that?'.said Harry.."You shall.".said Harry..Off with you!		
"Oh, do you?".Ha!"."I dare say it suits you capitally," said Harry; "but I'm sure we shouldn't like it..I rather hoped to see something of Dick, for it was holiday time; but no Dick passed.."Suppose I say it was in my place."		
screamed Harry in despair..There were a Christmastree, Yule cakes, log, and candles, furmety, and snapdragon after supper..Nothing can be funnier.".Difference of sex gave point to many of these nursery squabbles, as it so often does to domestic broils.."Boys never will do what they're asked," Polly would complain.		
"Byandby I asked, `How old is Father Christmas?'."Vesuvius!"."You can't.".The Spirit of Contradiction finds a place in most nurseries, though to a very varying degree in different ones.."I leant over the wall, and shouted, `But there are no candles.'		
at likely intervals.."How do you know it was in your place?".The blue Dragon leaped up, and took such a clawfull of hair out of the boy's head, that it seemed as if part of the skin went too..cried Mr Skratdj.."Well, young people, when I was eight years old I had not seen a Christmastree, and the first picture of one I ever saw was the picture of that held by Old Father Christmas in my godmother's picturebook.		
"I don't care..He was much more truly kind than many visitors, who think it polite to smile at the sauciness and forwardness which ignorant vanity leads children so often to "shew off" before strangers..From a German book at Lady Littleham's."."A very long age, thought I, and I added, `You're nearly twice as old as Methuselah, you know,' thinking that this might not have struck him..And Harry saw that each successive flame was the fold in the long body of a bright blue Dragon, which moved like the body of a snake.		
"I'm sure I don't know why," said Polly; "they must have had enough of men if they have brothers.".The raisins are eaten, the brandy is burnt out" "No, it's not," said Harry..But at the bottom of the stairs he lingered again, and was meditating how to return with most credit to his dignity, when Polly's face appeared through the banisters, and Polly's sharp tongue goaded him on..sneered the Dragon.."I'm very much afraid," said the hottempered gentleman, in solemn measured tones, "that you are both of youfastgoingtothe" "Dogs?"		
There are times when the squabbling becomes too great, and Mother Mountain won't stand it, and spits us all out, and throws cinders after us..Yap!".Once outside, he returned to the nursery with dignified steps, and an air of apparent satisfaction, saying, "You're to give me the bricks, please.".Harry thought it was where the Dragon had clawed him, but they said it was a cut from a fragment of the broken brandy bottle.."Yes, it does."		
said Polly.."`A Christmastree,' said Patty.."Only when the old man shouldered his tree, and prepared to move on, I cried in despair, `Oh, are you going?'.An old man was coming along the lane..St!		
The example and admonitions of elder children are a powerful instrument of nursery discipline, and before long there was not a "sharp tongue" amongst all the little Skratdjs..But as I say, I'd rather put to sea on the duckpond, though the best craft I could borrow was the pigstydoor, and a pole to punt with, and the village boys jeering when I got aground, which was most of the time besides the duckpond never having a wave on it worth the name, punt as you would, and so shallow you could not have got drowned in it to save your life..I think we were fonder of them too, though they were neither so handsome, nor so expensive as these newfangled affairs you are always breaking about the house..For at the old man's heels in the lane there crept a little brown and white spaniel, looking very dirty in the snow..At last, to his joy, it became evident that the brandy was coming to an end.		
"Kitty the servant gave me a shell that she had had by her for years.."That's right.."Do as I tell you," said the hottempered gentleman; and as Harry saw his hand moving, he put his tongue out with all possible haste..Why do I think he’s got ’em about him?.I’m not for undervaluing disinterested charity, Rufus, my man; but I wish ye’d had the luck to light on a better bred beast while ye were about it.” It is, perhaps, no disadvantage to what we call dumb animals” if they understand the general drift of our remarks without minutely following every word.		
At the worst, he could but take another place..I likes to do any thing for thee, Abel.” I wish I could do any thing for thee, Gearge,” said Abel; but I be too small to help the likes of you, Gearge.” If you’re small, you’re sprack,” said the miller’s man..When the largemouthed woman seized Jan in her arms, and kissing him cried aloud, Here he is at last!.And it was not till after the Cheap Jack and his wife had left the neighborhood, that one night (she was in bed) it suddenly came to her,” as she said, that the dwarf’s bride was the woman who had brought Jan to the mill, on the night of the great storm..He was, or pretended to be, deaf.		
He stamped one of his little feet spitefully on the ground, and, with a pretty close imitation of George’s dialect, said bitterly, Gearge bean’t such a vool as a looks!” adding, after a pause, I’d do a deal to pay him off!” As he turned into the house, he said thoughtfully, Sal’s precious sharp; she allus was..Has Master Salter turned ye off?” I gi’ed him notice!” said Jan, indignantly..’Tis aal right..To George’s eyes this was not visible as a fault..The bramblebowers were unbroken, the leafmould was deep and rich, and a very tiny stream, which trickled out of sight, kept mosses ever green about its bed.		
I wonder if they’d come down something handsome to them as could tell ’em the young varmint was off their hands for good and all..And yet Jan’s progress was not altogether satisfactory to his teacher..The Vamly Bible, Master Lake.” And as the windmiller went off muttering something which the Family Bible would by no means have sanctioned, George returned chuckling to a leisurely use of his broom on the roundhouse floor..And George took some pains to keep up this wholesome awe of himself, by vague and terrifying speeches, and by a trick of what he called dropping on” poor Abel in the dusk, with hideous grimaces and uncouth sounds..For her civility, indeed, the Cheap Jack’s wife was taken to task by her husband in a few moments when they were alone together.		
Jan had pleasant associations with the word master,” and he looked up with some vague fancy of seeing a second Master Swift..Sartinly, Master Chuter.” Was it ever found, do ye think?” said Master Linseed, the painter and decorator..In spite of his tears, Jan was fain to join as the hymn went on, and he sang like a bird,—     All my trust on Thee is stayed,     All my help from Thee I bring;     Cover my defenceless head     With the shadow of Thy wing.” It was the hymn after the third collect, and when it was ended the comfortablelooking gentleman motioned Jan into a seat, and he knelt down..But he delayed and delayed, till Master Chuter was goaded to repeat the old rumor that real signpainting was beyond his powers..Still I should like you to see it.		
SCREEVING.—AN OLD SONG.—MR..And grandmamma is so hard!.She met the milkcart at the corner of the road, and so was driven to the town, and she took Jan with her..He got up with many a dawn to paint the sunrise..Master Swift brought her big nosegays from his garden, at which she would smell for hours, as if the scent soothed her.		
The master’s sharp eyes noted that the prescribed ablutions seemed both pleasant and familiar to the new boy, and the superintendent of the woodchopping department expressed his opinion that Jan’s intelligence and dexterity were wasted among the fagots, and that his vocation was to be a brushmaker at least, if not a joiner..I can teach thee thy letters, and by the time thee’s learned all I know, maybe I’ll have been to school again, and learned some more.” This was the foundation of a curious kind of friendship between Abel and the miller’s man..Thy father’s a poor scholar, but he’s not that dull but what he’ll make thee as learned as the parson..He clung round the curly brown neck in one agonized embrace, and then steadied his voice for an authoritative, Home, Rufus!” as he let him go..And never did he leave the house on an errand for the painter that the bowlegged boy did not burst forth, dishcloth or dirty boots in hand, from some unexpected quarter, and adjure him to look out for the jook.” It was a lovely afternoon when, by his friend’s advice, Jan betook himself to the Park, that the nobs might have that opportunity of recognizing him which the widemouthed woman had feared.		
Eh, Master Swift, he lived in a windmill, and he was a miller’s son!” Maybe he’d a miller’s thumb,” Jan added, stretching out his own, and smiling at the droll idea..Children mostly likes the gay picters, and worrits their mothers for ’em, bless ’em!.At one time I worshipped Burns..Heavens and earth!.Jan Lake—Jan,” said he.		
Mrs. Lake did not disturb herself..’ere they be!” roared a wave of the crowd, composed of boys, breaking on Mrs. Lake and Jan at this point..A child learns a man to be unselfish, Jan..His very knowledge of malpractices and mischief was confined to the evil doings of one or two other illconditioned country lads like himself, who robbed their neighbors on dark nights, and disposed of the spoil by the help of such men as the Cheap Jack and the landlord of the publichouse at the bottom of the hill..The schoolmaster loved punctuality, but Jan was not always punctual.		
Thee’s a sprack boy, and a good un, but thee’s not rightly got the miller’s thumb.” And thus it came about that Abel was for ever sifting bits of flour through his finger and thumb, to obtain the required flatness and delicacy which marks the latter in a miller born; and playing lovingly with little Jan on the floor of the roundhouse, he would pass some through the baby’s fingers also, crying,— Sift un, Janny!.But his art was conventional, and when Jan said, Make un a miller’s thumb,” he was puzzled, and could only bend the shortest of the five strokes slightly backwards to represent the trademark of his forefathers..Once is enough for bogies,” said she, and went sturdily away..His mother dressed him like a little prince, and his manners were the same..It was composed chiefly of oaks and beeches, none of them of very grand proportions.		
His moving finger was too much for the kitten’s feelings, and she sprang into the flour and pawed both the A’s out of existence..The night was still,—so utterly still that no sound of any sort whatever broke upon the ear..Such a very old, poor horse!” cried Amabel..It was a long, narrow blackboard, on which the alphabet had once been painted white, though the letters were now so faded that the Dame could no longer distinguish them, even in spectacles..I wish the old witch had motived every bone in thee body, or let me do ’t!” Master George Sannel was indeed a little irritable at this stage of his career.		
‘’Tis a wus word than t’other,’ says she; ‘and, if ’ee axes me any more voolish questions, I’ll break thee yead for ’ee.’  Do ’ee think ’tis a very bad word, Gearge?” added Abel, with a rather indefensible curiosity..—a celebrated inventor and mechanic, and that’s what you’ll be, maybe..Beyond the paddock lay another field, whose farthest wall was the boundary of a little wood,—the wood where Jan had herded pigs..And I wish he may find paint as easy as slatepencil.” Master Linseed’s parting words produced upon the company that somewhat unreasonable depression which such ironical good wishes are apt to cause; but they only roused the spirit of contradiction in Master Chuter, and heightened his belief in Jan’s talents more than any praise from the painter could have done..Come to bed, child!” Goodnight, Gearge.		
And he listened humbly to the old man’s fervid religious counsels..In dead silence and loneliness stood the mill..She spoke very little, but she watched the sky constantly..Remember, you promised to be good,” said the Squire..Thinned down to what he declared to have been his dimensions in youth, it was transferred to Jan’s picture, and the touch of red was the culminating point of the innkeeper’s satisfaction.		
She was obliged to invent excuses to fub off,” when she could neither consent nor refuse..And then the doctor’s imprecation on its little chest, night and morning, besides; but nothing don’t seem to do no good,” said the poor nurse..He also allowed that it concerned Jan, or that he supposed it to do so..SUBLUNARY ART.—JAN GOES TO SCHOOL.—DAME DATCHETT AT HOME.—JAN’S FIRST SCHOOL SCRAPE.—JAN DEFENDS HIMSELF..This boy—whose father was a respectable man—has been begging—begging!		
A titter ran through the class, and the biggest and stupidest boy found the joke so overwhelming that he stretched his mouth from ear to ear, and doubled himself up with laughter, till it looked as if his corduroybreeched knee were a turnip, and he about to munch it..He was no sooner firmly established on his own legs, with the power of walking, or rather toddling, independent of help, than he took to making expeditions on the downs by himself..Thee shall rue the day ever thee was born!” he added, almost beside himself with rage and terror..And then there’d be trees beyond and beyond, smaller and smaller, and all like a blue mist between them, thee know..He had learned to avoid the police, and he moved quickly from one dark corner to another with a hunted look in his black eyes.		
She was lady’smaid to Squire Ammaby’s mother, and the old Squire got me the school..Drat the thing!.There were nobs enough..The next above that held the dressing machine, in which the bran was separated from the flour..And this with reiteration so steady, and a countenance so guileless and unmoved, as to contrast favorably with the face of the other man, whose voice trembled and whose forehead flushed, either with overwhelming indignation or with a guilty consciousness that he was bearing false witness.		
They had never intended to take him back to the mill, and, since they came to London and he was quite at their mercy, they had made no pretence of kindness..I’m sure it’s a mercy you have got back, Miss Amabel,” said she; for Bogy lives in that wood; and, if you’d got in, it’s ten to one he’d have carried you off.” You said Bogy lived in the cellar,” said Amabel..The whole wood was fragrant with honeysuckle, which pushed its way everywhere, and gay with other wild flowers..But lor, Master Lake, what a man you be to notice un!”  George’s kinder demeanor towards Abel began shortly after the coming of the little Jan, and George himself accounted for it in the following manner:— You do be kind to me now, Gearge,” said Abel, gratefully, as he stood one day, with the baby in his arms, watching the miller’s man emptying a sack of grain into the hopper..THERE was a large crowd, but large crowds gather quickly in London from small causes.		
He had heard of one, and was going to drive to the town to see the owner..I must have done it wrong."."Don't be too sure," said the Owl..Nowadays Granny never picked a scrap for herself..They're the glowworms.		
The fact is, it's the Land of Lost Toys..To come and do the work for a pan of cold water!."I mean, did it really happen?"."'Give her a stiff neck!'.It was Tommy after all that set the water and caught him."		
come to the point, please," said the Doctor; "you do go round the square so, in telling your stories, Deordie.."He never told me," said Tommy.."And I've heard folk say they've known those that have seen them capering round the gray rocks on the moor at midnight: but this is wonderful!."How stupid!".Look at that knife I gave you to hold last night, and that woodthat's my fault though, and so are those scraps by Granny's chair.		
Sam had his back to Dot, and his face to the fire, over which indeed he had bent for so long that he appeared to be half roasted.."I'm in a row," murmured the young lady through her veil; and the needle went in damp, and came out with a jerk, which is apt to result in what ladies called "puckering.".how obstinate boys are to be sure!".They were a handsome pair, this lazy couple..They were locked together by two grubby paws, and had each an armful of moss, which they deposited on the floor as they came in.		
Your eyes are swollen with crying..She understood it all at last, however, and the Tailor could not restrain a little goodhumored triumph on the subject..that's you, is it?'.Now imagine a toyfair, brighter and gayer than the brightest bazaar ever seen, held in an open glade, where foresttrees stood majestically behind the glittering stalls, and stretched their gigantic arms above our heads, brilliant with a thousand hanging lamps..For, in the Brownie habits of selfdenial, thoughtfulness, consideration, and the art of little kindnesses, boys are, I am afraid, as a general rule, somewhat behindhand with their sisters.		
said the Tailor.."I found it.".As soon as I could, I sat up, and felt myself all over..A little girl sat sewing and crying on a garden seat..I had hardly touched the two little pillows (they had a mealbaggy smell from being stuffed with bran), when the woodwork gave way with a crash, and I fellfellfell "Though I fully believed every bone in my body to be broken, it was really a relief to get to the ground.		
Oh!.He was very like my old Jackinabox..Did the spirit whose body was with the dead, stand that morning by the body whose spirit was with the dead, and pity him?.Oohoo!".said she.		
"She's in a regular muddle.".One day a message came to him to offer him two or three days' tailoring in a farmhouse some miles up the valley..When we reflect upon the kind friends who bought us with their money, and gave us away in the benevolence of their hearts, we know that for their sakes we ought to have been longer kept and better valued..Though they are one's own," he muttered to himself, "and not bad ones, and I did hope once would have been a blessing.".Tommy was almost surprised to find the echo awake at this time of night.		
Sometimes the Blessed Brownies will take up their abode with some worthy couple, cheer them with their romps and merry laughter, tidy the house, find things that have been lost, and take little troubles out of hands full of great anxieties..Deor, you're pulling my hair out..It had been an effort to Dot to leave the nightdress which she had hoped to finish at a sitting; but when she was fairly set to work on the glue business she never moved till the glue was in working order, and her face as red as a ripe tomato.."'Take her to pieces and see what she's made of, if you please,' tittered a pretty German toy that moved to a tinkling musical accompaniment..If you care for sad stories, there is another queer thing belonging to a child who died.'		
asked Tiny in subdued tones, for the Doctor had paused again..It is wonderful what a comfort Brownies may be in the house that is fortunate enough to hold them!."Awfully jolly," said Deordie.."Father's measure that has been lost for a week!".No one is to sit on the stone, or put their feet on the grass; and when you're ready, I'll begin."		
"It may be the Old Owl herself, and she knows, Granny says..I shouldn't think of the bread a bit, if you told us about the Fairies.."'Old and ugly!'."And what are Brownies like, pray?".I was the more reminded of the Dutch 'bosch' because, after wandering some time among the lighted trees, I heard distant sounds of music, and came at last upon a glade lit up in a similar manner, except that the whole effect was incomparably more brilliant.		
If you have, the sooner you make your way home the better.'."The mistress up at the farm is clever enough, I can tell you; and as she said to me, fancy any one that likes a tidy room, not liking a tidy coat!".It's true, really.".He had a natural turn for mechanical work, and, backed by Dot's more methodical genius, he prolonged the days of the broken toys by skillful mending, and so acquired an interest in them which was still more favorable to their preservation..I could stand up now quite well, and I wandered on till dusk in unwearied admiration.		
I gave the lad a piece to measure by."."What did he do?"."You can't," said Tiny, with feminine contempt..It's getting cold, and I am so tired!".You don't mean to say you have any toys here?		
"I can do it well enough," said Tommy, following his brother's example and getting up..And this afternoon she was asleep in the cradle, and off they went, and when she awoke, I must leave my work to take her.."Nothing to cry about, at any rate?".I mean to tell Mother that when Father wants any more pocket handkerchiefs hemmed, she had better put them by the bath in the nursery, and perhaps some Brownie will come and do them.".She neither tied up her locks, nor dried her eyes, however; for when one is miserable, one may as well be completely so.		
Amateur toys are mostly very dowdy.."'What are you doing?'."Are there no Brownies but children?"."Take your seats.."A little fellow, they said;" answered the Farmer's wife, knitting calmly on.		
I've had father's new pockethandkerchiefs to hem, and I've been out climbing with the boys, and kept forgetting and forgetting, and mother says I always forget; and I can't help it.."Bairns are a blessing," said the old lady tartly, "I told you so."        *       *       *       *       * "That's not the end, is it?".How can you be such a silly little goose?".I wish I were a big man, and could make a fortune.Will that do, Granny?"."'Whistles that boys make of elder sticks with the pith scooped out,' said the beetle.		
