"Don't worry about the lock," snapped Greg..Greg leaped forward, stared at the screen.."I hope their compensator worked as well as ours," he said.."Yes," agreed Russ..They're with me."		
Scrambling to his feet, Scorio gibbered madly, for the sixinch figure was growing.."If we had the records of the Callisto prison," suggested Russ, "we could find out.".*       *       *       *       * "If we only had a margin," he groaned..I wonder if Wilson could get us one in Frisco and bring it back."."I have been afraid of this ever since Craven blanketed us out of the Interplanetary building."		
he demanded..You fool with characters like them and you got trouble.".Almost the speed of light and that would cut down his energy intake terrifically.."I've heard of you..They read what the men wrote, read what was written to them, heard what they said, saw how they acted.		
*       *       *       *       * Russ Page stared incredulously at the television screen.."I'd rather not.".No use trying it now, for we couldn't use it, because we're in the same space condition it uses in normal operation.".The man at the door jerked his head..There was a sound of ripping cloth as something like a great, powerful hand flung aside Wilson's coat, tore away the inside pocket.		
You have to hope..Sudden silence smote the ship..If we don't, we'll be inside the planetary system.".Greg's hand twisted the control slightly and the set went through the door, into the office of Spencer Chambers..A moment later the administration offices of the prison were on the screen.		
By dawn they knew what they were doing..We're marooned."."My math must have been wrong, some factor that I didn't include in the equation.".They always reach the man who has oppressed them, they always tear him down from the place he sits, and they do not deal gently with him when they do..Screamed in a single, frightful agony as they threw into the protecting wall that enclosed the Invincible all the power they could develop.		
He volunteered no further information, went back to work with the pad and pencil..They were hard to find..Greg screamed above the roar..Spacesuits gained a point..asked Russ.		
We can't leave them in those force shells too long because they'll die for lack of air..Straight ahead of the ship, etched in silvery moonlines against the background of the starsprinkled sky, was a grim and terrible face..Russ heard his smothered cry of rage.."We don't like it here..He whirled on Reg.		
The two men faced one another, one the smooth, tawny lion, the other the snarling wolf..Slowly, carefully, Russell Page tapped keys on the control board, setting up an equation..Where can they be going?"."Why not?"."Repulsion would have been the answer," said Russ bitterly.		
Chambers slumped into his chair, his hands grasping the arms on either side of his great body, his eyes staring out through the window from which flooded the last rays of the afternoon Sun..Get rid of whatever you have in Titan Copper at 10:30.".Russ leaned back, blowing smoke toward the higharched control room ceiling..At the nose and stern, two hemispheres of bluewhite radiance fitted over the metal framework, like the jaws of a powerful vise, holding the craft immovable..Somewhere around there."		
Grimly, surely, Greg drove his strange machine through New York..Chambers leaned forward and pressed a buzzer..For a moment he stood, hesitating, as if he were trying to make up his mind..But this field won't.."We shook them up a bit."		
"With our margin of speed, we should overhaul him in a few more hours..*       *       *       *       * In the laboratory Russ and Greg looked at one another.."We came out to get him and now he has us instead!"."Can't have you laid up."."Perhaps a little longer," he admitted finally.		
Chambers rose from his chair and walked to the window, looked out..When he raised the glass to his mouth, his stillshaking hand poured half the drink over his white shirt front..A tumult buzzed within his skull..And as he cut it, he was able to absorb more energy with his collector lens..That wasn't my idea.		
"I've told you all I know..That field concentrates the forces of gravity already present..It would eliminate the necessity of your rented accumulators..The scientist glared at the wolfish face and without speaking, walked to the desk and sat down..Stooping, he stared into it.		
Chizzy rose out of his seat ... and froze in sudden terror..His gray eyes bored into the wolfish face..Page and Manning are two men who can't simply disappear..The controls were locked at maximum and the engines still hammered their roaring song of speed and power.."Sure," said Russ.		
There won't be any strongarm stuff ... not until he recalls Stutsman from Callisto.".He started to rise from his chair, but at that moment the coffee and sandwiches arrived..Material energy would wipe you out."."I'm afraid I don't understand..There's a time lag somewhere.		
Russ drew doodles on a calculation sheet..But now we can't watch him..They saw him toss his black mane of hair, they saw his clenched fist raised in terrible anger, they heard the boom of the words he spoke..Scant years after he had written those prophetic words the thing was happening..But the ship print was directly in his line of vision.		
To forget twice in a row would be just too much..But try as he would his befuddled brain failed to find the answer..It was disquieting to have something like that happen..He had to know more..He moved forward rapidly.		
He could see it all now..And somehow those gruesome statistics seemed tied up with his own experience..There was nothing outside the window..The rest of his house was gone..The second shelf contained but one book.		
Vague and indistinct, yet cast in stereoscopic outline, a gigantic city was lined against the darkling sky..The cold of fear and horror, the chill of a half whispered thought..Yet both occupy the same space. Granting then that the power of men's minds alone holds this universe, or at least this world in its present form, may we not go farther and envision other minds in some other plane watching us, waiting, waiting craftily for the time they can take over the domination of matter?.But those things he put away as items far removed from his own small world..He read it again, unbelieving, for this shouldn't be Grant Street, but Marshall.		
And as he continued to look, something else seemed to take form above that wall..There was no bedroom..He opened his mouth and strained his vocal cords and filled his lungs to bursting with the urge to shriek ... but not a sound came from his lips..Now.....Slowly it drew together, ironed out its queer angles, readjusted its dimensions, became once again the stodgy house he knew it had to be.		
This room would stay..There were not sufficient minds in existence to retain the material world in its mundane form..Again the fantastic happenings of the night before came back to haunt him and as he lay there, staring at the windows, he remembered them, one by one..Billions of minds seeing trees as trees, houses as houses, streets as streets ... and not as something else..Something, somewhere, some part of his earlier life, seemed to hold an explanation.		
Mr..And when the rest of the room was gone, this corner with his favorite chair would remain..Like an automaton he turned again and paced to the hall door..Might not the street be as it always was, with laughing children and barking dogs?.For a moment the memory of happier days swept over him.		
Panting, he reached the gate and stumbled up the walk, thankful that it still was there..Was something happening in the world which he, in his secluded life, knew nothing about?.And as he sought to flee he stayed in the one place..He alone had furnished it..By an insidious mass hypnosis minions from that other dimension ... or was it one supreme intelligence ... had deliberately sown the seeds of dissension.		
The reduction of the world's mental power had been carefully planned with diabolic premeditation..Was it his imagination, or did the lamp on the table blur and begin to fade away?.The timepiece hadn't stopped, for it still ticked audibly..But as he stared at it, it became clear again, a solid, substantial thing..He moved through the hall to the door, emerged into the street.		
It was strangely lopsided, its dimensions out of proportion, like a house that suddenly had gone mad..So the change already had started here!.Bewildered, he stared down the next block..Mr..This room was for living.		
And he had heard the shouting of boys when he walked by..Chambers pushed open the door of his house..Here, too, he found what he had expected..Again he was alone upon it..The tree was there now.		
He did not know the whole story ... he could not know..Again the squirming hydrophinnae were eating his foothold piece by piece..He had to find someone who could tell him..Minutes later he arose and almost ran across the room to the old mahogany bookcase that stood against the wall..*       *       *       *       * He brought them back to mind now and lingered over the one central theme of the talk he overheard: the wars and plagues.		
They thought him mad..This was his last stand..I must not forget tonight..And the whole vast cycle of events was but a detail of a cyclopean plan..Mr.		
He had stopped reading newspapers and magazines too, had exiled himself to a few city blocks..Take this room, for example..Back at his own front door he stopped and as he had done a thousand times before drew forth the heavy gold watch from his pocket..Where his stolid four poster and dresser had been there was greyish nothingness..Chambers slid out of bed, slowly crossed to the window, the cold of the floor biting into his bare feet.		
It was as if he ran upon a treadway..Chambers caught some excited words: "It's happening everywhere.... What do you think it is.....There were other pictures, too..He forced himself to look out..Chambers had written.		
Then again the terror descended on him, a black, unimagined thing and he tried to scream and couldn't..By what inconceivable necromancy could a paved street with houses, trees and buildings be spirited away and the space it had occupied be closed up?.But no fog, however, thick, could hide the apple tree that grew close against the house..Something scientists could not explain..Had his long exile finally turned his mind ... perhaps just a very little ... enough to make him queer?		
Two curious, incredible events..On legs that were dead things he stumbled back to his home..Everything in its accustomed place: the clock, the lamp, the elephant ash tray, the marine print on the wall..He remembered one from many years before, something about the Martians..But it hadn't been when he first had looked.		
He had no cigar..In a line stood the men who were to fling themselves into the light to be warped into another dimension, there to seek out and fight an unknown enemy..The head of the creature twisted, bent backward, and the body toppled back in a leisurely manner..Perhaps through some sense which he, as a being of another plane, held, but which was alien to the Earth..Come and I will show you."		
Elaborate electrical barriers have failed..Ouglat, one of the ancients, and Mal Shaff, reincarnated..From somewhere new force and life were flowing into his body..That may account for it..You said a short time ago that only a specified dimension could exist on one single plane."		
Close on his heels followed the little cockney..questioned the old man..He lay still and stared out into the less dark moor that stretched before him..Like a flash Mal Shaff darted into the blackness, was completely swallowed in it.."Time up!"		
They thought I was an old foolI, the man who alone stands between them and utter destruction.".Mal Shaff's head now was on a level with the other's chest; his huge arms seemed toylike in comparison with those of Ouglat, his legs mere pipestems..Mal Shaff felt sure..You bloated...." His words trailed off into a stream of vileness that could never have occurred to a thirddimensional mind..Won't he talk at all?		
Typewriters gibbered like chuckling morons through the roaring tumult of the editorial rooms..He remembered it dimly as being of great importance..It is apparent that while the Horror has lost one material dimension, it has retained certain fourthdimensional properties which make it invulnerable to the forces at the command of our plane.".But the terrible sounds that came from between his slobbering lips were not those of his own voice, they were the voices of many men.."Have you absolutely no imagination?"		
The machine thundered steadily with a suggestion of horrible power..The tall man stepped forward..It was the other men, the men who were flinging themselves into the column of light in the laboratory to be warped back to this plane, to be incorporated in his body.."But," pointed out Henry Woods, "you say they are fourthdimensional things..The blue light, hissing, drove from disk to disk; the room thundered with the roar of the machine, before which stood Dr. White, his hand on the lever, his eyes glued on the instruments before him.		
He could have sworn he had seen it somewhere before..Hanging from the ceiling, directly above the one on the floor, was another concave disk, but this one had a far more pronounced curvature..It was alive, for it had moved..Some take the form of animals, others of birds and reptiles, and some are cast in appalling shapes such as might be snatched out of the horrid imagery of a thing which resided in a world entirely alien to our own.".he demanded.		
Like an automaton he placed one foot on the disk..From the fourth dimension to the third, from the third to the second, from the second to the first, from the first to a questionable existence or plane which is beyond our understanding or perhaps to oblivion and the end of life..If you can't tell me what you want us to publish, I will say goodday.".His fingers closed upon it and he drew the weapon..The principle of the machine is" The old man was about to launch into a lengthy discussion, but Henry interrupted him.		
"Have you ever thought that our evolutionists might be wrong, that evolution might be downward instead of upward?.But all it did was to produce a slight sting.."There must be a difference in time in the fourth dimension.."Richards," he said, "write a streamer, 'Help Needed,' 'Reinforcements Called'something of that sort, you know.."You propose to warp a thirddimensional being into a fourth dimension.		
There is a chasm of knowledge between us so wide and so deep that it staggers the imagination..From the hinterlands came tales of murder done at midnight, of men and women horribly mangled, of livestock slaughtered, of buildings crushed as if by some titanic force..If you ask me, sir, they are a tough lot."."I am not sending a thirddimensional thing to a fourth dimension..I am changing the thirddimensional being into a fourthdimensional being.		
"Yes..He could no longer continue this unequal fight..Here, in this one body were the bodies, the brains, the power, the spirit, of those other ninetyeight men..Our case is probably paralleled by thousands of other intelligences on farflung planets and island universes..He turned again to the reporters who stood about the desk.		
asked the old man, unbelievingly..Well, tell him that he'll have them..So far as you were concerned it would have no mass.."Vaguely, yes.".His punches should be weaker.		
"Do you know anything about evolution?".asked the newspaperman.."Composing room," he shouted, "get ready for a new front!.Although still     apparently immune to the weapons being used against it, it is     lifting the siege of this city..What can be done about it?"		
"Operator," he said, "get me the Secretary of War at Washington..But he staggered to his feet to meet the charge of the ancient enemy and a grim song, a death chant immeasurably old, suddenly and dimly remembered from out of the mists of countless millenniums, was on his lips as he swung a piledriver blow into the suddenly astonished face of the rushing Ouglat....        *       *       *       *       * The milky globe atop the machine in Dr. White's laboratory glowed softly, and within that glow two figures seemed to struggle..In desperation Ouglat put every ounce of his strength into a heave that broke the other's grip and flung him away..For God's sake, do something!".It looked familiar.		
A reverse process is used to return the object to the third.."You can always jerk them back, sir," suggested George.."I know that some of the scientists believe they came from some other planet, perhaps even from some other solar system..The cause is unknown.".Close to the other he halted and only then did recognition dawn in his eyes.		
The fist finally touched the head, still moving slowly forward, the body following as slowly..On one side of the large cube was set a lever, a long glass panel, two vertical tubes and three clockface indicators..Ouglat, with every line of his face distorted with fear, flung the weapon from him, and turning, fled clumsily down the moor, with Mal Shaff at his heels..Tell the foreman to dig out the biggest type he has..Behind him stood a belligerent little cockney.		
