Two of the men he bunked with are gone; the mess boy who served him is gone; his wife is gone.."You can kill a man with them..Sometimes, for nuclear effects, they had to take things apart into 3 × 10^9 pieces and shove each piece very carefully..The three kids were in his class at the nursery schoolwe put him there for a while to keep him busy, when he first came to us..Tropile had heard of a town called Princeton, but it happened that he had never passed through it southwarding or northbound.		
As though for all his life he had had only one eye, and now he had strangely been given two.."Some day, Tropile, it's going to be us against them..Tropile jumped up out of his sleep, awakening to panic..Why let a lot of sheep in and out?".The first thing was to make up his mind: He was Wolf.		
That's what I call a real woman.".he demanded..Tropile made a lefthanded sign of noimportance..I" already he was flashing away"I'll get to the boys through Joey.".Exhausted and passive, she asked finally: "What can we do?		
Pause for a second; then, laboriously, they began to back toward the nearest of the side passages that Tropile had been unable to block..The oil on their skins was only the sheen of sweat..No..It saved the trouble of blanking them..That was what happened when a Citizen ran amok.		
"It is a matter of seriousness," Citizen Germyn admitted doubtfully..Something was biting him..Quid pro quo..He stirred, and added another datum: I appear also to be in a tank of fluid and yet I do not drown..The stone went right through the Eye, without sound or effect; why not let them work off some of their fears in direct action?		
Was that possible?.*       *       *       *       * There was a section of the planet next the severed chunk where the mind and senses of Alla Narova lay coiled for a momentand were gone..Possibly the events of the past few days had unhinged her reason, but he was nearly sure that she had eaten a portion of the evening meal secretly, in the serving room, before calling him to the table..He resented it as bitterly, he remembered, as in the old days when he had first been learning the subtleties of Ruin Appreciation..There were Wolves all through sheepdom; they leavened the dough of society.		
*       *       *       *       * In five minutes, she was gone, but that was more than enough time..Sudden shock and horror rocked him..Once survival had merely been gliding along on a cushion of repellent charges, streaming electrons behind for the push, sending hf pulses out often enough to get a picture of their bounced return to integrate deep inside..It was done in the broad daylight of the new Sun, and as many of the three hundred citizens of Wheeling as could manage it were in the courtyard of the old Federal Building to watch..Look at the shape this one is in!		
"Because we're important to each other..He took his hand off her arm, content..Migration was an answergo to another city..God, we're giving them fits down there!.But not Citizeness Germyn.		
Always it had been the glandular compulsion to gain an advantage, and that was gone, or anyway almost gone, because it was permitted in the society in which he now lived..One of the men closed the door; another did something with levers and wheels; the vanes whooshed around overhead; the helicopter bounced on its stiffsprung landing legs and then rocked up and away..It was useful to them that the minds they cropped were utterly blank..But it is possible to know that they had no way of telling Wolf from Citizen..It is not desirable that your bedroom wall switch have a mind of its own; if you turn the lights on, you want them on.		
Or, at least, in the human race of which he was a part..But he forced himself to go on: "Well, that's what she and I used to do..Haendl was not the only man in Princeton who had begun laying traps for himself as a result of the unprecedented disappearances; he was not the only one who was short of sleep..Call me, you hear?."The flood washed it clean.		
"That's Joey.".It was another room, and though the light was still red, it was a paler, calmer red and the thundering ironmongery was a wall away..The ripening bud had a name, of course, but names didn't matter to the Pyramid..The very faint background feel of man's internal arrangements, never questioned unless something goes wrong with them and they start to hurt, was not at all like the faint background feel that a woman has inside her..A few didthat banker, Germyn; Tropile had approached him only a few months before about a prospective loan.		
Do you wish to do so?".The anxiety had passed; clearly he was confident of making a good Donation..The problem was navigation..C:P in that range produces the small arts, the appreciations, the peaceful arrangements of necessities into subtle relationships of traditionally agreedupon virtue..He closed his eyes and light stopped.		
Open it again and there is a stereoscopic double; the saliencies of the picture leap forward, the background retreats..But how?.He had achieved many partly successful meditations on Connectivity..Germyn got out of the invitation by a Conditional Acceptance in proper form, and the man left, delayed only slightly by the Four Urgings to Stay..No wonder the total perception!)		
"Please," she begged, "can't you do something?."And you told me there had been others..The percentages were going the wrong way..True, thought Tropile subvocally, reading aloud to the tots..The Keeper hesitated, torn.		
It was warm and it shook with a nameless distant vibration..He remembered, with an odd flash of guilt, that he had been Meditating, watching the stages of boiling water..*       *       *       *       * The Pyramids did have a Wolfa fact which did not matter in the least to them..But this man wasn't mad..But what was this, then?		
Funny things are happening all the time these days, have you noticed?.In those days, one dedicated Byzantine wrote the definitive encyclopedia of engineering (though he was no engineer)..At last her branch of the snowflakebody retreated, sobbing for a spell..Haendl glowered at him..Machines?		
All of the watchers, all of those on the stone steps, were in somber meditation..But at last, in the 1,000 to 1,500 calorie range, ArtisticTechnological Style firmly appears in selfperpetuating form..There was no need for that foppish comfort, either; the nutrient fluid supplied all..*       *       *       *       * SueAnn stared at him, between terror and tears..O'Leary said suspiciously: "You belonged to that DoubleAC, didn't you?		
Because the breakout wasn't seeming to come.."He wants him to fix Flock up so they can'crush out,' I think he said..With all of the inmates, you looked at them and you wondered what twisted devil had got into their heads to land them in the Jug..It looked as though it had been made out of a bedspring, ripped loose from its frame God knows how, hidden inside the greensleeved jacket God knows howfiled, filed to sharpness over endless hours..The medic said patiently: "My son, I've dressed his wound.		
The governor was a strong man, but he didn't struggle..The rockets went home for fuel..No wonder Flock moanedthe eddy currents in the shiv were slowly cooking his hand; and the blister against his abdomen, where the shiv had been hidden during other rest periods, felt like raw acid..He was partly right..III "I smell trouble," said O'Leary to the warden.		
Sauer stopped dead and blinked..And he folded his hands and smiled like a civilservice Buddha.."Let's get out of here!".He saw that Lafon had snatched up a metal chair; he saw Lafon swinging it, his black face maniacal; he saw the chair coming down..O'Leary snapped erect, abruptly angry.		
You know Lafon, from Block A?.Lafon wiped the scowl off his black face, put on a smile, rehearsed what he was going to say, and politely rattled the door of his cell.."Gimme!".He sighed heavily and rubbed his eyes..They're trying to divide us.		
Enough said?.When they found a couple of choice breakables like O'Leary and the governor, they'd have a ball!.They kept the inmates busy..The con only shook his head, perspiring still more..*       *       *       *       * Sauer jumped to the head of the steps, saw that Lafon was leading the group, stepped back, saw whom Lafon's helpers were carrying and leaped forward again.		
he snarled, but there wasn't time to worry about that Sodaro.."Oh, Doctor!.You had to enforce the laws against rape if, for instance, a greaser should ask an innocent young female postal clerk for a date..bawled one of the other freed inmates..O'Leary made a passionate sound that was trying to be bad language, but he was too raging mad to articulate it.		
Prison rules provided for prisoner trainingit was a matter of "rehabilitation.".The riot was down among the corrupt sludge that underlay the state itself..They were yelling words that made no sense to her, threatening punishments on the guards that she could barely imagine..The first breakout from the Jug's going to start a fight like you never saw and we'll be right in the middle of it!".gasped an aircraftswoman firstclass, mother of three.		
The warden managed to sit up straight.."Somebody's coming!".You have your job, keeping the inmates in line, and I have mine..Now O'Leary knows I hate it when there's a woman in here..They were used to having the CivilService guards over themthat was what guards were for.		
That was something to find outbut not just then..Now your job is just as important as my job," he said piously..Brother Sauer, I beg" The redhead spat deliberately on the floor..Funny smell in here, he told himselfnot for the first time..EstatesGeneral was in process of going off.		
"Oh, you think so?".Wipes brawled with wipes and no one cared; but in the Jug, all classes were cast together..I understand a medic is going to Block O. I shall go with him.".They wouldn't realize the importance of the careful timingof arranging that the laundry cons would start a disturbance in the yard right after the Greensleeves hardtimers kicked off the riot, of getting the little greaser Hiroko to shortcircuit the yard field so the laundry cons could start their disturbances.."I mean, after all, 'Specialization is the goal of civilization,' right?"		
To what?.*       *       *       *       * Captain O'Leary hurtled out of the sheltering cell and skidded down the corridor..Because five minutes before, he was in his cell, with the rest of the hardtimers of the Greensleeves.."It doesn't matter what you did.."You're all alike!		
"Don't you see, Mr. Sauer, you're playing into their hands?.There was nowhere else to run..We don't want to try to pass.".The warden closed his eyes..He's in the cell right next to us, with a couple guards.		
Butstill and all, he was the warden..She looked scared and sick..Or anyway, she thought with a sudden throbbing in her throat, over her body.."Throw them in a cell," he ordered, and sat down on a guard's stool, breathing hard..Maybe he could now help to get Lafon where he wantedneeded!to be.		
What actually did happen was that the guard reached up and closed the switch that actuated the tangler fields on the floors of the cells..And the Jug was the place for them.."I'm scared!".But the warden said no..It was the first time he had ever seen a prisoner cry in the Greensleeves.		
"You got a cup for me?"."He's gone.."The wipes!.V Captain O'Leary dragged the scared little wretch into the warden's office..Item: TV sets in every cell.		
They were working themselves up to something..The inmates had a less lovely term for it..The Shops Building lay betweenwith a dozen more cell blocks over the workshops that gave it its nameand there was a milling rush of activity around its entrance, next to the laundry shed The laundry shed..This afternoon, he was playing ball with the laundry orderlies in the yard."."Sit still!		
Shut up!".And it wasn't too far away..But I did..But then we jump him and he ain't so cool..Yeah, they're all stiff but they're breathing.		
He stood in the open door, with snow blowing in past him..Yeah, there's much trouble.."Give me that loot," I tell Tiny, and he hands over the stuff we took off the weirdie..They were scared..*       *       *       *       * However, even then I knew that this kind of trouble was something I couldn't handle alone.		
It wasn't painful, but it was an odd, unexpected feelingperhaps you've come across the "buzzers" that novelty stores sell which, concealed in the palm, give a sudden, surprising tingle when the owner shakes hands with an unsuspecting friend..For five cents cash I would have parked the car, thrown the keys in the East River, and taken the first bus out of town.."Are you holding?".They were scared; they were more scared than anything I had ever seen in those kids before.."Nay.		
It was a tossup what to dothe smart thing was to call the precinct right then and there; but I couldn't help feeling that that would make the Leopards clam up hopelessly..The Boomer Dukes is taking on the world!".Even Tiny catches on after a while, because I see him put down that funky old pistol I gave him that he's been loving up..Coming around the corner was a kid with a lightningblue satin jacket and two funnylooking guns in his hand; there was a silvery aura around him, the same color as the lights in the sky; and I swear I saw those cops' guns hit him twenty times in twenty seconds, but he didn't seem to notice..What's the name?"		
Or from the future?.I observed them conferring among themselves, glancing at me, and for a time proposed terminating my venture, for I then believed that it would be better to return "home," as you say, in order to more adequately research the matter.."Yeah, it sounds like a rumble," one of them says, after a while..At first there didn't seem to be anyone in, but after we called a couple times a kid of about sixteen, coffeecolored and scaredlooking, stuck his head up above the counter..My feet simply would not lift off the ground.		
It might mean that a rumble was brewingand that meant that my work so far had been pretty nearly a failure..asserted one of my five escorts in a loud, frightened tone..However, I was not bored..I like living.."Boomers!"		
Anyway, there was something new shining in the sky..The reason I was sitting around Chris's was not that I liked Cokes particularly, but that it was one of the hangingout places of a juvenile gang called The Leopards, with whom I had been trying to work for nearly a year; and the reason I was becoming edgy was that I didn't see any of them there..Remain quiescent until the Adjuster comes. That settled it..Hell, I don't want to wake up..It pleased him very much; I wasn't more than six blocks from where this big rumble was going on, he told me, and he made it very clear that I was to get on over there immediately.		
What's that jive?".I left it at that and hurried down the block to the tenement where the Gomez family lived, and then I found out why.."And that must be the pool hall where the Leopards hang out.".Hawk was one of the youngest in the Leopards, a skinny, very dark kid who had been reasonably friendly to me..He says, "Nay.		
I believe it would not have disturbed me if they had been truly vertical; but many of them were minutes of arc from a true perpendicular, all of them covered with a carbonaceous material which I instantly perceived was an inadvertent deposit from the air..When Cow talks, them other flunkies shut up fast..Oh, it's a big one all right, Mr. Van Pelt..*       *       *       *       * It's like I'm a million miles down Dream Street.."They need advice on how to be gangs?"		
"Come on," I yelled to Sol, and we pushed the door open to the candy store..But I had been on it for four months and, wouldn't you know it, there wasn't a decent murder, or sewer explosion, or running gun fight between six P.M. and six A.M. any night I was on duty in those whole four months..That's how it is in the Boomer Dukes.."That's Chris's," he said, pointing at a little candy store..Now that I looked a little more closely I could see that they must have come this way; the candy store's windows were broken; every other street light was smashed; and what had at first looked like a flight of steps in front of a tenement across the street wasn't anything of the kindit was a pile of bricks and stone from the falsefront cornice on the roof!		
Now, you get th" Silence..Even that little flunky Sailor starts to go up against me but I look at him cool and he chickens.."Certainly, money..Silence..Radiation, do you hear me?		
We get him in the loft over the R. and I..They gave every evidence of wishing to help me; but of course if I had not forgotten that one cannot assume from the statements "notLeopard implies Boomer Duke" and "notLeopard implies Foraminifera 9" that, qued, "Boomer Duke implies Foraminifera 9" ... if I had not forgotten this, I say, I should not have been "deceived."."What's to do with this stuff?".Hawk and his twin brother, Yogi, were there with them, looking scared..What about that?"		
The six months I had spent trying to work with them had not been too successfula lot of the other neighborhood workers had made a lot more progress than Ibut at least they were willing to talk to me; and they wouldn't talk to uniformed police..We take all the loot out of his bag, and I make this cat tell me what it's to do..I cried, and then remembered to push the talk button.."Hell, no..*       *       *       *       * I heard firing coming closer and closer.		
He quit college to go to the Police Academy..Then I give this guy the foot and pretty soon he wakes up..I suppose the front office got their money's worth, because they played up every lousy auto smash the radio car covered as though it were the story of the Second Coming, and maybe it helped circulation..I've sent one of the cats out for drinks and smokes and he's back by then, and we're all beginning to feel a little better, only still pretty mean..I'm feeling pretty good.		
I turned around, and Hawk was right..They closed the door..Even worse, it might mean that somehow the Leopards had discovered that I had at last passed my examinations and been appointed to the New York City Police Force as a rookie patrolman, Shield 8805..You find FourEye and get us some horse.".It's a gang called the Boomer Dukes.		
This won't do, I decide..I bent down and smelled, but there was no trace of liquor or anything else on their breath.."Excuse me, Mr. Van Pelt.".I stood up..They all waking up!"		
