"Truth is truth, but to alarm you at a time like this would be unnecessarily cruel.".There was no color at all in his face..*       *       *       *       * They were married a week later and went to live on an elmshaded street just five blocks from where Sally was born..Why doesn't he get up and speak to you, if only to pour salt on the wounds you've borne for eight long years? Poor Sally!."She's gone now, father.		
Each day had been like a lonely sentinel outpost in a desert waste for Sally..You have pleased me, Sally.".she sobbed..He held the infant in the crook of his arm, smiling down at it..Ten months later the first baby came.		
"Adventuring, father?".People who worked in offices could turn for escape to a cottage in the sunset's glow, when they were set free by the moving hands of a clock..Sally shivered, remembering her husband's voice on the phone, remembering where she was ... "Come to the office, Sally!."Oh, yes!".Don't give in to him now by going."		
Stay in the sun as much as possible.".When she returns we will be gone."."We are very close, your mother and I..For an instant her terror ebbed and she felt almost reassured..But where there was no grief there could be no sobbing ... One thing only she did before she left.		
But he asked her to wait a while before visiting his office..She might have noticed the difference..It wasn't an expression she'd have used by choice, but it came unbidden into her mind..Some homecomings are joyful, others cruel..Even the hands of the sprawled form seemed larger and hairier than the hands of her husband.		
Sally almost shrieked.."Allowing for a reasonable margin of error I seriously doubt if I could be happy with any of these other women..She had noticed things that made her doubt her sanity; she needed to see the little black mole to reassure her ... She had noticed the difference in the hairline, the strange slant of the eyebrows, the crinkly texture of the skin where it should have been smooth ... Something was wrong ... horribly, weirdly wrong ....The baby is doing fine..The light was in Tommy's room and there was a whispering behind the door.		
As she looked the scattered leaves whirled into a flurry around Tommy, then lifted and went spinning over the fence and out of sight..Sally stood very still for an instant, startled, feeling her sanity threatened by the very absurdity of the thought..Tommy drawing strange figures on the floor with a piece of colored chalk, then erasing them quickly before she could see them, refusing to let her enter his secret child's world.."She knows now, Tommy," the deepest of the two voices said..If they love each other they are so happy, so very happy, they break down and cry."		
The cottage was small, white and attractively decorated inside and out.."You'll marry me, of course," he said..Sally's eyes came to a focus upon him, crouching by a hole in the fence which kindly old Mrs. Wallingford had erected as a protection against the prying inquisitiveness of an eightyearold determined to make life miserable for her..the cab driver insisted.."Was constructing the standin difficult, father?"		
"I'll scream if you stay!".It's been three whole days.".And a slowly dawning horror..Sally rose on one elbow, her tormented eyes searching his face..This was his office ...		
Tommy would raid the pantry with unthinking zest, invite other boys in to look at the Westerns on TV, and trade black eyes for marbles with a healthy pugnacity.."As you and I must throw away all Earth things, my son..A real father!.I instilled in your mother's mind an intense dislike and fear of the office to keep her from ever coming face to face with the standin..You don't have to worry about him.		
"Where were you?.His elbows rested on the desk and his hands were tightly locked as if he had just stopped wringing them..The neighbors were friendly folk who knew her husband as Mr. James Rand, an energetic young insurance broker who would certainly carve a wider swath for himself in his chosen profession now that he had so charming a wife..Sally paused only an instant..She paused a moment, then said, "You may kiss me now if you wish, my darling."		
Close your eyes, Sally, close them tight!."I'll become hysterical unless you leave.".The firm's name was on the directory board in the lobby, white on black in beautifully embossed lettering.."We haven't too much time..You stand there looking at me as if I were aa patient ..." "A patient?"		
"I'm very busy, Sally..Knew his old man right off.".You've bought a new hat?.But it was strange how one light burning brightly in a cottage window could make even a wasteland seem small, could shrink and diminish it until it became no more than a patch of darkness that anyone with courage might cross..he asked, leaning forward to stare down at his son.		
He seemed to be the center of a flaming red ball ... He sent for you, Sally..You must take better care of him, Sally.".He'll warm up to you then..Moonlight silvered her hair and touched her white throat and arms with a caress so gentle that simply by closing her eyes she could fancy herself already in his arms..Lying beneath cool white sheets in the hospital Sally looked at the other women and felt so deliriously happy she wanted to cry.		
It seemed quite natural to her that a business office should be deserted so late in the afternoon..A growing boy was always a problem and Tommy seemed to have a special gift for getting into things because he was so active..He has good hearing and his eyesight appears to be all that could be desired..Sally tiptoed down the hall, stood with wildly beating heart just outside the door..There are cyclic rhythms which would set a stone to dreaming and desiring on such a night as this."		
The elevator opened and closed and Sally was whisked up eight stories behind a man in a checkered suit..He did not answer, did not move or attempt to greet her in any way.."You should have told me when you got on, Miss!".Often Sally wanted to fly at him, beat with her fists on his chest..You never went at all?"		
The dread in her heart gave way to a sudden, bleak despair.."You never went to the office, father?.But peephole spying was another matter..There was an awful hollow agony in Jimmy's chest as he stared, a fear that was partly a soundless screaming and partly a vision of Uncle Al sinking down through the dark water and turning it red..*       *       *       *       * The stillness was broken by a shrill cry from Pigtail Anne.		
*       *       *       *       * There were no people in the city, but down the aerial streets shining objects swirled with the swift easy gliding of flat stones skimming an edge of running water..He read the news item aloud, if an account so startling could be called an item..he said sympathetically..That meant Jimmy was the man in the family, and wore the pants, and nothing Pigtail said or did could change that for one minute..Never let it be said that in a struggle between the sexes the men of the river did not stand shoulder to shoulder.		
"Uncle Al doesn't think so..When Jimmy looked up into the sky he could see all the blazing stars of space, with cottonmouths on every planet of every sun..He was still running when the first blast came.."Don't yell at me!".Something was happening to Jimmy, nibbling away at the outer edges of the fear like a big, hungry river cat.		
And Uncle Al was still swimming, fearfully close to it..*       *       *       *       * The voice grew suddenly gentle, like a caressing wind..Court lets dog pick owner!.I've a right to see what's going on in the world!".Jimmy obeyed.		
Uncle Al was shading his eyes too.."We grew great and wise, Jimmy, but not quite wise enough to shed our human heritage of love and joy and heartbreak.."Or like the eel of Earth's seas, Jimmy, that must be spawned in the depths of the great cold ocean, and swim slowly back to the bright highlands and the shining rivers of Earth.."You see, Jimmy, you're not human in the same way that your sister is humanor Uncle Al..Maybe we're being watched, Pigtail!"		
"Go inside, Pigtail," Jimmy said, calmly..Then the voice droned on..Million dollar heiress elopes with a clerk!.Jimmy refused to be enraged..But Jimmy did see the waterspout, spiraling skyward like the atom bomb explosion he'd goggled at in the pages of an old Life magazine, all smudged now with oily thumbprints.		
Out on the deck and running along the deck toward Uncle Al..Jimmy, we've seen one!."We knew we'd find you where life flows simply and serenely, Jimmy..Caddis flies building bright, shining new nests, and dragonfly nymphs crawling up toward the sunlight, and pollywogs growing sturdy hindlimbs to conquer the land..It is a long bold step from fireballs to flying saucers, Jimmy.		
Hurry!" There was a strange lifting sensation in Jimmy's chest now.."A star in the sky, you dope!"."I'm not scared, Uncle Al," Jimmy pleaded..The sky had to be dark with rain, and you had to feel scared, in fear of drowning..To Jimmy it seemed more like a dazzling burst of light in the sky.		
"Catch them before they harm Uncle Al!.Jimmy knew that a big blow could come up fast.."You see, Jimmy, we wanted you to study the Earth people on a great, wide flowing river, far from the cruel, twisted places..Deep in his uncle's face Jimmy saw an anger he couldn't buck..She simply stopped thrashing in Uncle Al's arms, as though a great wonder had come upon her.		
When the smoke cleared Jimmy could see the Harmon shantyboat..Uncle Al was shooting now, his face as grim as death..Not people like us, but people all the same..But there were cottonmouths down there too, with death behind their fangs, and no love for the life that was crawling upward..Jimmy stared at his sister, the paper jiggling in his clasp.		
If you get hurt I'll go right on fighting!".Especially the Uncle Als..It made him think instead of a slowly turning wheel in the pilot house of a rotting old riverboat, a big, ghostly wheel manned by a steersman a century dead, his eye sockets filled with flickering swamp lights..As the Natchez Belle dwindled around a lazy, cypressshadowed bend Pigtail Anne became a superior being, wrapped in a cosmopolitan aura..Just as though a giant in the sky had trained a big burning glass on the Harmon brothers and whipped it back quick.		
"Save Uncle Al!".Very close to Jimmy, but larger, more powerful..The voices began quietly, as though they had been waiting for a long time to speak to Jimmy deep inside his head, and didn't want to frighten him in any way..Hurry!."We are the Shining Ones, Jimmy!		
Pigtail Anne saw the disk before Jimmy did..Closer and closer the shining object came, until Jimmy could see that it was carrying a human infant that stared straight at Jimmy out of wide, dark eyes..Slowly Uncle Al and Pigtail were drawn into the disk..Then Pigtail's anger really flared up..Jimmy, what do you mean?		
"Don't you dare!.NEW FLYING MONSTER REPORTED                         BLAZING GULF STATE SKIES Jimmy snatched the paper and backed away from Pigtail, his eyes glued to the headline..*       *       *       *       * It didn't sound like a shotgun blast..You're growing upwe can see that!.Then, with mud sucking at his heels, Jimmy was clinging to a slippery bank and staring out across the river, shading his eyes against the glare.		
*       *       *       *       * Jimmy knew that the Harmons had waited a long time for an excuse..But he was staring up the river, not down..A tingling fear went through him, for he found it hard to realize that the disk had swept around the bend out of sight..They watch the skies with sharper eyes, and their minds have groped closer to the truth..Joe Harmon was small and stout, a little round man with bushy eyebrows and the flabby face of a cottonmouth snake.		
She was Jimmy's little sister..Stay where you are..There was no deck for Uncle Al to sit upon..Jimmy looked down into the river and then up into the sky.."Take it easy, Jimmy!		
Jimmy heard himself protesting..We're going to take you across wide gulfs of space to the bright and shining land of your birth."."You can be right smart when you've got nothing else on your mind, Pigtail," he said..Just a roaring for an instantand a big white mushroom shooting straight up into the sky..Jimmy could see Uncle Al reclining in the web, with Pigtail in the crook of his arm, his long, angular body as quiet as a butterfly in its deep winter sleep inside a swaying glass cocoon.		
"Sure as I'm astandin' here..The music was wild, weird, a little terrifying..Look all you want to!.But if you ever dare Moonson found himself relaxing a little..The writer's face seemed suddenly to age.		
"You're coming with me.".When he returned her stare his eyes sparkled with friendly interest, but no suggestive, flirtatious intent..Deep within him he knew that he had become a stranger to his own wife and the realization sharply increased his torment..The boy and the girl walked toward the door together, a young and extremely pretty girl and a boy grown suddenly to the full stature of a man..So even here there were flies in every ointment, and no dream of perfection could remain unchallenged.		
Childhood fears he had thought buried forever had returned to plague him and he had developed a sudden, terrible dread of the fogginess outside the moving viewpane, the way the machine itself wheeled and dipped when an ancient ruin came sweeping toward him..But just one quick beer, no more..The ritual was a completely natural one..Sure, we're in the groove now, but you never can tell!.Violet eyes she had, not black as they seemed at first glance but a deep, lustrous violet.		
The towering crests of each age might be visible but there could be no returning to one tiny insignificant spot in the mighty ocean of Time..She stared at him ... sunburned almost black..You couldn't fight that kind of strength..People came here not only to dance but to eat, and the thoughts of the dancers implied that there was nothing stylized about a tavern..He was cruelly afraid most of the time.		
The Man from Time had an impulse to get up, walk over to the two frightened children and comfort them with a reassuring smile..It was dark when he reached the cabin..Later had come lean and bitter years until finally his reputation dwindled like a gutted candle in a wintry room at midnight..Very cautiously he lowered the mental barrier and the man's thoughts impinged on his mind in bewildering confusion..Without it he could not hope to find complete understanding and sympathy here.		
The music goes round and round!.A tall man in illfitting black clothes approached Moonson's table, interrupting his reflections with thoughts that seemed designed to disturb and distract him out of sheer perversity..The Black Plague in London, the Great Fire, the Spanish Armada in flames off the coast of a bleak little island that would soon mold the destiny of half the worldhow meaningless it all seemed in the shadow of his fear!.You respect her and you don't let yourself feel that way. Then something happens..Back and forth the writer paced, baring his inmost thoughts ... His wife was desperately ill and the future looked completely black.		
You don't know what it means to be so paralyzed with fright that you can't write at all!".He looked steadily at them and his eyes spoke to them ... Life is greater than you know..He stared down at her head against his knee, at her beautiful back and sleek, dark hair..The Man from Time was silent but his eyes shone curiously..She'd ground out lipsticksmudged cigarettes until the ash tray was spilling over.		
"Good morning, mister!".The writer stopped pacing suddenly and drew himself erect..Get rid of him and come over to my table!".There was no pity in Mike but would his pride let him hotrod an eighteenyearold?.I've lived too long with fear, he thought.		
They'd never find him because Time was too vast to pinpoint one man in such a vast waste of years.."Come on," he said quietly..And Mike wouldn't be satisfied until she was broken into little bits..My car's outside and if Mike tries to stop us I'll fix him!".That's all I ask!		
You love her so much you'd die to make her happy.        *       *       *       *       * Joe was shaking when he slipped into the chair left vacant by Mike and reached out for both her hands..He began to walk, pausing an instant in the middle of the bridge to stare down at a stream of water that rippled in the sunlight over mosscovered rocks..So the man did all of the talking, not wanting or waiting for an answer..Mike was strong in too many different ways..As he did so her arms tightened about him until he found himself wondering what he could have done to deserve such a woman.		
But then you get to know and like a woman, and you don't feel that way so much..THIS SIDE OF PARADISE..There was obviously no enthroned authority here, no bejeweled king to pacify when emotions ran wild, but complete freedom to embrace joy with corybantic abandonment..Fear in the minds of a boy and a girl because they desperately wanted one another!.Then she saw Joe enter the room.		
Time had been conquered but no man was yet wise enough to heal himself if a stark, unreasoning fear took possession of his mind and heart, giving him no peace..He was trying to write himself back into fame..But a horrible thing that had happened to him, had awakened in him a lonely nightmare of restlessness..I've lived like a man imprisoned, shut away from the sunlight..he almost shouted.		
"Welcome, stranger," he said..Mike will kill him anyway!.It was high noon when he reached the tavern.."He'll kill you, Joe!.But he lurched in an agony of unbalance and opened his eyesto see the green surface beneath him flashing like a suddenly uncovered jewel.		
I'm stronger than you think..There were a few people like that in the world but you sometimes went a lifetime without meeting one..You sat in an office and when people came to you begging for favors you just laughed..Even about some that aren't so pretty..Sweat came out in great beads on his forehead as he worked.		
He was smiling now..They're rare and they're expensive! Oh, darl, darl, hold me closer!.Mike says it's okay to serve them if they come in from the beach just as they are..Scott Fitzgerald. Moonson bowed his thanks, turned and left the cabin..He had never imagined that a sensitive and imaginative manan artistcould be so completely abandoned by the society his genius had helped to enrich.		
I wouldn't have the nerve to parade around in trunks like that even on a public beach..Morning found him walking across fresh meadowlands with the dew glistening on his bare head and broad, straight shoulders..Slow movements rather than lively ones, a bowing and a scraping with bowls of fruit extended in gift offerings at every turn..My wheels aren't rigged..As he stared into the big man's eyes his fears seemed to fade away.		
