Lend a hand here" A trio came forward and hoisted the crate out of the ship..Only the Russians denied it..They came here for some kind of conference, I guess..The Senator thinks that if we don't agree, they might do something drastic, like blow us all up..She looked at him with exasperation, and then gathered up a stack of memorandums and letters, his own envelope atop it.		
That's the big point..The only hitch is, Russia doesn't want to wait that long, and is asking for a hurryup summit meeting to make a decision.".There is a hatch which may be opened by an automatic lever in the side..They were in his apartment, and it was the first time Greta had consented to pay him the visit..Greta, you'll have to excuse me.		
Don't you ever think of anything else?.Anyway, I'll probably lose my job, and then you won't have any use for me."."When will that be?"."A crate" "Colligan!."You're taking it mighty calm," he said ironically.		
He circled the ship warily, and then said something to the others..Five minutes later, Jerry Bridges was calling the airlines..Where will you be when the big mushroom cloud comes?".But Jerry was impatient to get to the point of his visit, and he blurted out: "Professor Coltz, something's been bothering me.."It's an instruction book," he whispered.		
Jerry held his breath as they approached the object; only when they were yards away did he appreciate its size..I come in the belief that peace is the responsibility of individuals, of nations, and now of worlds, and that each is dependent upon the other.."Oh, I guess that was after your time, wasn't it?"."In an hour..They had done a good job of keeping the excitement contained.		
"Well, how else can I take it?.On the perimeter, official vehicles were parked in orderly rows, and four USAF trailer trucks were in evidence, their radarscopes turning slowly..A door slid open..But still ..." Greta snuggled up to him on the sofa..When the door was opened, the Delegate was an exploded ruin.		
It's a spaceship.".I thought of you only yesterday, when I saw your name in the papers" They sat at facing student desks, and chatted about old times..Unstoppable, inexorable, it may return, bearing a different Delegate from Venusa Delegate of Death, who speaks not in words, but in the explosion of atoms..Meanwhile, consider yourself in custody."."But if you print one word of it, Jerry Bridges, I'll never speak to you again!"		
The desert sky was cloudy and starless, and powerful searchlights probed the thick cumulus..But envision it, men of Earth, as a messenger of war..I guess there's no use fighting it..There were sleek, purring black autos waiting to rush the air passengers to some unnamed destination..It was remarkable how little had changed, but the students seemed incredibly young.		
But to use me, just to get a story" "But I'm a reporter, damn it..In a secluded booth at the rear of a restaurant unfrequented by newsmen, Greta leaned forward and said: "At first, they thought it was another sputnik."."Don't thank me, I'm not doing you any personal favor..His secretary, however, was a little more obliging ... Jerry looked up from his coffee and blinked when he saw who was coming through the door of the Bar & Grill..She came out of the press secretary's office two minutes later with Howells himself, and Howells said: "You there, Bridges.		
But you know, you're a liar sometimes, Jerry.."You've got some mail right there.."And you promise not to print it?"."'First, remove all parts and arrange them in the following order..They drove for twenty minutes across a flat ribbon of desert road, until Jerry sighted what appeared to be a circle of newlyerected lights in the middle of nowhere.		
*       *       *       *       * It had been eleven years since Jerry had walked across the campus of Clifton University, heading for the ivychoked main building.."There was something about the Robot's speech that sounded familiarI could have sworn I'd heard some of the words before..I think you're wonderful!"."What are they?".He took a small table in the rear and ate his meal in sullen silence.		
They carried geiger counters on long poles before them..I suppose you won't want to see me any more.".But his sudden celebrity left him vaguely unsatisfied.."You mean these Venusians speak English?"."What?"		
If the students looked younger, Professor Coltz was far older than Jerry remembered..He was allowed to leave the car and stroll unescorted..I've noticed that about you.".I couldn't prove anything until I checked my old notes, and here's what I found.".When it hit, a dust cloud obscured it from sight.		
"You don't understand about last night..From a debris of cardboard boxes, he found a worn old leather brief case, and cackled with delight when he found the yellowed notebooks inside..Stillness returned to the desert, and tension was a tangible substance in the night air..Finally, a threeman team, asbestosclad, leadshielded, stepped out from the ring of spectators..As the minutes ticked off, the activity became more frenetic around him.		
I'm not even supposed to know about it, except that the Senator is so careless about" She put her fingers to her lips..*       *       *       *       * He ran after her, the restaurant proprietor shouting about the unpaid bill.."You don't understand, Lana," he said.."Professor Coltz?".But there's something I've got to do, right away!"		
He was a tall man, with an unruly confusion of straight gray hair..And French.."You mean to tell me there's another of those metal moons up there?".Think of thousands of such Delegates, fired from a vantage point far beyond the reach of your retaliation..I'm just doing my job; I think the public has a right to know about this spaceship that's flying around"        *       *       *       *       * His words brought an exclamation from the others.		
The news flashed with lightning speed over the world, and Jerry Bridges' eyewitness accounts of the incredible event was syndicated throughout the nation..The radarscopes spun slowly..It wasn't the way that lousy columnist said" She stopped in her tracks..He couldn't do anything about smuggling you aboard.".'the effects of Earth's gravitational pull on the body versus the relatively light gravitation encountered by the members of the Martian Colony ... twofifths the pull of Earth ... interesting speculation on the heart action...!'"		
"How about Roth?"."But it's impossible!.He smiled, mantoman..Which is maybe understandable, because he's got a wife that is absolutely" "Skip that junk," said Garcia toughly..He could supply all the money Bill would need.		
Monk read the headline aloud, and then looked at Rostov..With a deafening roar of its rocket motors, the great vessel lifted itself laboriously from the ground, squatting on flame, filling Fletcher Monk's mind with the first real sense of fear since he learned the grim facts of his ailment in Rostov's office.."At least there's a chance," the doctor argued.."That's okay, Mr. Wheeler..But I'll find it!"		
I've just had a little conversation with your official greeter."."Money doesn't buy health."."How do you know?".Only from what I heard around the base, she's a groundworm's delight, if you know what I mean" "I don't know what you mean," said Monk patiently.."I'll keep it in mind," he said.		
He helped draft the original physical standards for space flight.".A powerful piece of persuasion..Monk.".Breathe deeply and regularly on the way up..Your heart action is unreliable, and no amount of dollars can bring it back to normal" The industrialist stood up.		
Do the same thinghold your breath when we start accelerating once more..It's working on will power, Mr. Monk; hardly anything else."."O.K., Doc," he said..He wouldn't do it; he couldn't!."Here's my answer, you gloomy old fool!"		
Your chances are slim.".he blinked.."You're telling me?"."Listen, bud."."Mr. Monk, you don't know what I'm telling you.		
Monk froze.."I understand," Monk nodded..We can buy or sell this place at the drop of a quotation!".In case you didn't realize it, I'm in a position to exert a great deal of influence over your little colonyand don't think I won't use it!"."The boss wants facts."		
What do you mean?"."We'll give you a mild sedative before blastoff..said Monk in horror.."That is the point," Rostov said stiffly.."Dr. Feasley never made such a bald statement.		
And of course, finally, with her cool arms about his neck and her soft cheek pressed against his, he replied: "I'll do it."."Pretty old for the Colony, aren't you, Mr.."What do you mean?"."I suppose so..Now let's go."		
"Go on.."But you could show some reaction.".It buys friends and sells enemies..And the first thing I'm going to arrange is the loss of some weight."."You know what I'm talking about, Mr. Moore.		
"No, no!".We'll go rapidly from zero gravity to nine.."Who's your commanding officer?."But I would expect a little common courtesy" "You'll earn the right to courtesy out here, Mr. Monk," the captain snapped.."That's what we call the Space Station.		
He looked up at Monk curiously..You'll sing a different tune when I tell you how much is in this bag..If what people said about Dr. Forsch was true, he might be approached..I could curdle your milk by telling you some of the things I've fixed with money!"."The best thing for you," the doctor continued, "is to start slowing downright now, today.		
Monk gasped.."He's the dispatch officer.."You think the heart is incorruptible, eh?".said Monk.."A slim one, surely.		
He must help her; he must give her poor sick uncle a chance to make a new life for himself in the Mars Colony.."What?".He smiled humorlessly at Horner..A real beauty..Thoughtfully, he reached inside his coat and brought out a long black cigar.		
"I don't quite get your meaning, Captain," he said indignantly..Crusty old guy..Ben Wheeler.".Monk rattled the paper..The assignment was the kind that Garcia both understood and relished.		
The bird was gone!."I don't expect you to cheer," said Monk sarcastically..*       *       *       *       * When the detectives handed Fletcher Monk the completed report on the activities of Diana Christy, he read it through thoroughly, savoring each juicy word between puffs of his cigar.."Not the problem of acceleration!.*       *       *       *       * "I realize that, of course," said the industrialist.		
My name is Monk.."Come on!"."Breakfast in ten minutes," she said cheerfully.."Dream about it every night..Mom was busy at the stove.		
"Good idea," Dawes nodded..He followed lamely behind the two men as they went out into the street again..My name's Dawes.".He was promised nothing, and told to stay in town until he was contacted again by the authorities..That woman back there?"		
"Are you?"."And you Prince Regent.".He read Sally's copy of Treasure Island for about half an hour.."Yes.".You goin' to stay with us?"		
I'm goin' to the palace again, too.".His clothes were a mess, and he needed a shave..Fred didn't seem to be half as sorry as he was..Do you dream about the place, too?".He looked sheepishly at the stranger.		
Will you please go away?".Sol laughed feebly.."I'm not naked.."And your husband?.A fat man looked up from behind a desk.		
*       *       *       *       * He was flanked by marble pillars, thrusting towards a highdomed ceiling..The fat man grunted and hoisted himself out of the swivel chair..He's just too dern fat to do much more'n sit on a throne and eat grapes.."Armagon," Dawes corrected..Mom called.		
"Dunno," Sally shrugged..He seemed okay.".Finally, he got his call through to Salinas, and a sleepyvoiced Fred, his old Army buddy, listened somewhat indifferently to his tale of woe.."You ain't a reporter?".The tableau was grisly.		
He removed his drenched coat and suit jacket, and squeezed water out over the ashes..The fat man chuckled..He murmured something about the Troopers, and shuffled alongside the puffing fat man..Enjoyed it last night.."Yeah."		
Gold letters on the glass advertised: HAIRCUT SHAVE & MASSAGE PARLOR..After the meal, they spent a quiet evening at home.."Aw, Willie" "Well, come on..He glanced at the evening paper, and then spoke to Sol.."Do you got a girlfriend, mister?"		
"Have you ever heard of Armagon?"."Hey, Ma..I mean, is it?"."Writing it up, I mean..You heard the charges.		
He knows the place better than anybody."."Now, now," Dawes said gently.."Thought you, me, and Charlie would get Brundage's body outa the house..His reflection in the mirror, strangely gray in the dim light, made him groan.."Of course!"		
"And you, Mr." Sol turned to the fat man..Stir that fat carcass.."Goodnight, young man," Mom said firmly.."I'm not going to do anything until you get out of here.".The rain had stopped, but the heavy clouds seemed reluctant to leave the skies over the small town.		
Sol nodded, embarrassed..Fresh tears resulted..Boy, you shoulda seen the exelution!"."Sure," Sally piped.."In the hallway.		
"Thought so.".He said: "Good morning.".If you let me get dressed, I'll show you how to take your thumb off.".This here's Mr. Becker; he got another problem.."Don't expect Mr. Becker knows anything about Armagon.		
Dawes wasn't amused..He tried for fifteen minutes to get through, but there was a woman on the line who was terribly upset about a cotton dress she had ordered from Sears, and was telling the world about it..The Sheriff followed the trio up with a sad, undertaker expression.."About my car" The Sheriff turned and regarded him lugubriously..Sol repeated the question.		
Dawes' suspicious attitude ... Then sleep came..They haven't found my car yet.".Three old men took their places on the bench that circled the General, and leaned on their canes.."You let Mr. Becker alone and go wash..Mom pecked him lightly on the forehead.		
