It had been detected at the halfway point of its trip..Grg and Yrl gasped as one of the God's doubletentacles buckled, crumpled, with a glinting of shinyhard material..They shrank back, fearful that the display might be a disapproving communicationyet they held their ground, knowing they had lived good lives and deserved no condemnation on any score they could imagine..As it flew it reflected starlightand the red glow of the Universal Eye behind itfrom its sleek surfaces..It paused, then dropped to the surface of Phobos, where it began to crawl about.		
Yrl moved to intercept it..The huge plllnk, even now creeping aroundwrinkleskinned and detestable, its coloration the same as the God's; the most loathsome sight imaginable ... a godplllnk!.It was onefifth the size of the God's body..It was silent..*       *       *       *       * The last few moments of the God's descent were quite rapid.		
Their thinking trunks tingled with misery, sorrow, bitter anger and disappointment..How smoothly it flew!.Had it come to punish them for not being good enough, for overreproducing, for worshipping improperly?.The God began to land..Killed by the giant plllnka scourge from which, evidently, even the Gods were not spared.		
A very long time passed..It was ready to address them..Soon it would be as good as new; for otherwise, agony would forbid conversation..It silently circled Phobos, and then returned to the Eye..It shot red flame downward from its mouth, on the underside of its gleaming body.		
But there could be no doubt regarding its origin, its nature, its destination For, in the matter of form, the God was a close replica of Grg and Yrlof all the creatures of their race!.The God remained motionless, though in conversationposition, and silent..The plllnk stopped, having sensed them..From a selfish standpoint, it might even tell them how to get rid of the plllnka subject of constant prayer..How wonderful it would be also if the God could tell them how to get rid of the itching, crawling, parasitic plllnk, whose bite, in sufficient numbers, was often fatal!...		
This was the greatest moment of Grg's and Yrl's lives..Its body thudded silently, stirring pumice dust..2..Caught by horror, and fearing the worst, Grg and Yrl waited for the God to speak..The only significant difference was that the God gleamed mysteriously, as if its angular, hardline representation of normal form were cast in shining stone.		
A long time passed..The two doubletentacles remained outstretched, howeverand they pointed at the shadows where Grg and Yrl waited and watched..While Grg touched tentacles with the dead God, in reverent mourning, in terrible sorrow, in loss, in supplication, Yrl shredded the godplllnk..Then it darted for the hole it had eaten in the God..The effort was not successful.		
It did not land..Then Grg twitched as a plllnk bit him, just under the front left doubletentacle..(Damn, John Cotter was thinking..The God, unable to remain erect with its injury, slowly toppled..The impact was hard.		
Now.."How wonderful it would be to fly," said Yrl..It grew largerlargerand then it stopped growing larger..It braced two sets of tentacles against the ground, as if trying to push itself erect..*       *       *       *       * Two days later, a second God was detected.		
It bore considerable resemblance to a plllnk, except for its shinywrinkled grey skin (plllnks were purple.).The God lowered, on its belching tongue of flamethe flame that seemed a tiny part, a sliver, of the Universal Eye that Watched..Something appeared at the hole..What would the God tell them?.It was octopidal, with sinewy double tentacles, and a thinking trunk, and a reproduction pouch!		
Then a tiny hole appeared in the God's side..Dying?.The flames stopped..Simultaneously, the darting red flames seemed to lessen in intensity and length..The God stirred.		
"Perhaps," said Grg, "we have been found ready to be taught!".It must have healed its broken tentacletruly a God!.Within the day, it was back, in the company of eleven other Gods..It silently circled Phobos from the Universal Eye..Grg and Yrl blinked their own dullsurfaced, astronomically farsighted, rustred eyes at each other in supreme excitement and anticipation.		
Mars was, as Grg and Yrl had learned from their Elders and now taught their Youngers, the stern SeeingAll Eye of It Who Was the Universe..And this thing was hugeHuge..Again it was motionless..Dead?.That was a neat bit of sloppiness, that landing.... Carruthers will chew me out and in again! Pause: Holy cats, I hope the radio isn't busted, or I'll have a helluva wait before they follow up and find me!...)        *       *       *       *       * The God was dead.		
(For a broken tentacle meant that fluids would seep out, and soon the drydeath would occur.).The God had assumed conversationposition..Would it tell them the place and destiny of their lowly race?.It was motionless..With a great bound, impelled by outrage, Yrl was upon it.		
Strange marks were on the side of the God's body..Was the God fatally injured?.From that great Eye, a day ago, had sprung a shining Messenger, an Emissary, a God that must be coming on a purposeful visit..Would it divulge the Cosmic Secret?.They were: 1st MARS EXPEDITIONU. S. SPACE FORCEPLANETTOSATELLITE CREWBOAT NO.		
Grg and Yrl moved into view, from the shadows of the crater wall..While Grg and Yrl and their people could bound about with a great agility in Phobos' light gravity, they could not fly..They waited for the God to speak..The plllnk changed course and headed swiftly up a sand dune..What would it reveal?		
Grg and Yrl stared at each other..Red flickers and sharpedged black shadows danced about the two who waited below..He combed the light fur there, found the plllnk, and shredded it, casting the pieces roundabout so that no two of them might combine to form another plllnk..Less, even.."Who knows.		
It's a rotten way to run a world, killing to decide who's right or wrong ... 'specially killing people who got damn little say about it..He yelled, "They biting?"."Think Keith'll be back from the war today, Ben?.There's noplace they'd want to get to, and it's sure no country for fighting."."They musta found bulletholes, though," Tom Pace said.		
The socket's loose..I might as well fish anyway; take in some fun..His lips thinned..Then he got the blanket from the couch and hung it down double over the rod, and fitted the buttonholes sewn all along its edge over the nails driven around the window casing, and patted it here and there until not a speck of light would escape when the lamps were lit..Heck, it didn't sound too bad."		
Some people got reasons to let it happen, and some ain't got the sense not to.".You just ask anybody who was there ... it 'us just after I shot it started" Tom Pace thumped the table..Ain't seen no planes for couple years now..No way for a man to live, to have dead legs and dying arms.".He worked the cigar over to the corner of his mouth and settled it in the nest of stained whiskers there.		
Way off to his left, across a long flat of sunflowers and goldenrod, he saw Windy Harris down on the creekbank, by the bridge..He looked down at the glowering pair and said, "Well, come the next plane, if there is one, we'll shove a rifle in your hand, Jim, and see how good your eye is..We made our families, and watched 'em fit into the town and the valley, like the valley fits into the world, and we watched 'em go on doing what we done before them: building and working and planting and raising familiesgoing on, like people got to go on..It ain't important who done it; we oughta just be grateful we got it.".I fought in one.		
But if you come down low, we'll try to get you, you crazy murderers.".You'll maybe get home after Anna and me want to light the lamps, and we can't do it till it's fixed.".We can't make it again.."Then we won't have any music..Why, I could outpitch and outchop and outshoot any of you whippersnappers, until they ..." Old Jim walloped the chair arm.		
Looking toward town he saw that Tom Pace had been on his way home, and the sound had caught him between trees..What we want is going to last usand what we don't want will come too late to hurt us..I just bet.."I was there, you old ... now, now, Jim, don't spit, for Godsake!.It was a good gun, a straightshooter, one of the bestwhich was why it was here instead of at his house.		
"Why, you whippersnapper," Jim growled, "you just go ahead and run 'em.."Ben," she said, when he sat down again, "I wish you'd take a look at the phonograph too..You're gonna get a sore eye, I sweartobacco in it..Takes a plane a while to know it's hurt, don't it?.You can tell the fish about who got the plane."		
We just might..*       *       *       *       * From outside came the late morning sounds: the murmuring of Smoky Creek at the edge of town, under its cool tunnel of willows; the twittering of a flock of robins circling above; the constant soft rustle of the trees that crowded the green hills around..Tom dealt out two cards, and said, "War!"."I see.".Even one right after this one, ten years or so, if this one's over.		
What can a man lose more'n his life?....A funny kind of peace..Something to walk under..For planes..I'd shout and yell and pray; I'd pray almighty God for you to get it!"		
He put his thin back against the cushions and pushed at the edge of the table with his hands..It mighta been Joey ... they looked alike.".reminded him of all old Jim had said, and he shook his head..About who's fighting who over what..*       *       *       *       * He stopped by the door of the Town Hall to listen carefully, his sharp old eyes halfshut.		
It was rationed to two cups a day; he always took his with his lunch, and sometimes he'd have sold a leg to dive into a full pot..On the way in Ben had noticed that the woodbox was about emptyhe'd have to bring home another bag of charcoal from the "general store"which was Windy's barn, all braced up.."Smoky Creek looks dead as Sodom.."Two ain't enough," old Jim said bitterly..We're ready as we can be if another plane comes around.		
"Well, we were talking about that this morning down at the hall, Suse.."Well," Windy said, "I hope we keep on getting 'emthem as sees us, anyway..Jim snorted..About how the international mess is getting worse again, and we better make more bombs for the next one.."Benabout the phonograph" "Suse ..." He turned his head to look at her eyes.		
It came down low over Main Street while the thunders of its first pass still echoed and rolled..The only time anybody in town ever lit a lamp was on Social night: then the old people stayed up till around midnight for eats and entertainment; otherwise everybody got to bed at eight or so, and climbed out with the dawn..His house was in pretty good shape..Jim closed his eyes, and his face looked like a skull..The porch had been down too, right after the bombingbut the old men, working at night, had raised it and braced it up.		
We got enough gardens and livestock, and all the canned stuff in the store, to last us for a ... for as long as we got..Other than that, it ain't our concern.".I think they will, real soon..I can spit to where you sit, and I can spit faster'n you can move, I bet, unless you're faster'n a fly, and you ain't..The blood from eyes, nose, ears, mouthhis blood it was, part of it.		
We shoot, and maybe it shoots too, and we pray."."Ben ....Ben Bates looked at one of the two cards Tom Pace had dealthis hole card..He shook his head wonderingly.."Maybe they did," Ben said.		
But I got it, all right..Here, it's peaceful.".She started to put down her knitting and get up, and he said, "Just asking," and pressed her shoulder till she sat again.."You keep talking so high and mighty," Tom said, "we'll carry you out o' here and take you and dump you in the creek..Might even find rifle bullets."		
It's a world for old people..I set him down, and he fell to studying her intently..she asked again..Two years ago, on the bleak surface of Eros, Yurt had asked Engstrom to do the same thing..If the human body is a furnace, then the Zen body is a feeder pile.		
She was exhibiting every ounce of emotion a Zen is capable of, which is a lot; and I could recognize it, but not in any familiar terms..(I found out later from Yurt that biology, for the reasons which follow, was one of the most difficult studies; so difficult that nuclear physics actually preceded it!).But the Zen's question, even my rationalization of my reaction to it, had given me a chill..We all had a drink to the saving of a great race that might have become extinct.."Give us some time to get acquainted, will you, Dave?		
Do you see ....She said, "I can see enough of my own body toandyes ..." "Yurt," I said, "here's the female we thought we might find..And you survived..We could do without him, even though he had been a big help..I thought I knew why.		
It was the likeliest place to look for fossils..My torch beam flickered across a small, redfurred teddybear shape..Finally it nodded, and I thought, as I had often before, how curious it was that this gesture should be common to Earthmen and Zen..You get that way particularly after several weeks of living in steel; and it was lucky that I got that way this time, or I might have missed the Zen..Take over."		
What I had already said to it were stock phrases that Yurt had taught me; I knew still more, but I couldn't speak Zennacai fluently by any means..She had been alone for three thousand years, on a chip of bone from her dead world beneath a sepulchre of stars..mn?".I realized that here was only a sick girl, no tiny monster..Five hundred years, Eertmnnot too long.		
Then I said, "Yes," realizing that the nod wasn't visible through the oneway glass of my helmet..From the coloring, I knew this Zen was a female.."Thiswhat we are onwas part of Sorn, I know..Maybe that, I thought, was what evolution always worked toward..I can't even hurt myself.		
Why do I want you to kill me?".It came a little closer, actually, and peered up at my helmeted, mirrorglassed headunmistakably the seat of intelligence, it appears, of any race anywhere..It took me a couple of seconds to untangle the squeaking syllables and get any sense out of them..Its mouth, almost humanshaped, worked; finally words came.."I am not a Zen," I told her, giving my torch full brilliance for the crew's sake, "but Yurt here is.		
I told her that the Zen had been, all evidence indicated, the toughest, hardest, longestlived creatures God had ever cooked up: practically independent of their environment, no special ecological niche; just raw, stubborn, tenacious life, developed to a fantastic extremea greater force of life than any other known, one that could exist almost anywhere under practically any conditionseven floating in midspace, which, asteroid or no, this Zen was doing right now..the Zen said..I addressed it in its own language, clucking my tongue and whistling through my teeth: "Suh, Zen" In the bluewhite light of the torch, the Zen shivered.."But I rememberI remember things different from this..Nothing at all strange about remembering, when you are twentyfive, the things that happened to you when you were seven ...		
Yurt is.".I moved my torch off them and headed back for the Lucky Pierre..To save space, the following dialogue is reproduced without bumblings, blank stares and Whatdidyousays?.From another world.".*       *       *       *       * I'd been expecting that.		
I was nearing the "bottom" of the chunk, the part that had been the deepest beneath Sorn's surface before the blowup..But what good is itlifewhen there are no other Zen?".I said, "Yurt, are you sure you want us to keep hands off ... just go off and leave you?"."From out there..And now this old, old creature, remembering back three thousand years to childhoodprobably to those "elementary schools"remembering, and defining the differences in environment between then and now; and more, wondering at its existence in the different now And then I got my own thinking straightened out.		
But I found it..Keep this in mind, by the way: I barely knew the language, and the Zen could barely remember it..And there had been no special stress given the distinction, just clear, precise thinking, like Yurt's..I wanted to hang around, but I knew how I'd feel if a Zen, say, wouldn't go away if I were the last man alive and had just met the last woman..I added, still a little awed: "We know how long ago your world died."		
"I'm not a Zen..It didn't say anything.."How do I live here?".I said, "I won't hurt you," again speaking in its own language..she whispered worriedly.		
Yurt's eyes were fastened on the girl.."I was child," she said again after a moment.."But I can't..The light passed on..He moved closer to her, not even looking back to talk to me.		
My hair did not stand on end, regardless of what you've heard me quoted as saying.."I have been here forfor" she hesitated"I don't know.."I was child then," she said, "I don't knowwhat happened..Three thousand years of darkness and silence ....For five hundred of my years."		
But I asked, "Why?"."Yes, please."."Please, will you kill me?".Here was no cuddly teddy bear..I took him back to where the female waited.		
The Zen moved away from the rock, but not away from me.."I've tried so often to do it myself," the Zen said softly.."What if they don't like each other?".She looked up at my steelandglass face; I must have seemed like a giant..In reality, our talk lasted over an hour.		
