I pressed my nose against the port and saw the tiny flicker of a spaceliner taking off, Marsbound..Another one of those signs..But knock or voice?.Ferdinand, who has been perverting that sunny and carefree soul of yours?".Except, of course, in their ancient, bloody ways.		
"But way I look at it, a man who lets somebody else handle his blaster is like the giant whose heart was in an egg that an enemy found..Then she shut her pad with the final gesture of the right hand that Mom used to use just before challenging the opposition to come right down on the Council floor and debate it out with her..Ford? Now, you listen to me, Ferdinand...." After that it was all over but the confession.."Figure if you wanted a poodle, you're pretty enough to pick one up on Earth..Besides, if you marry me you'll be the first mated on this shipand that's a splash most nesting females like to make."		
"Look," he said finally, "I have more than enough munit to pay for round trip tickets, but I couldn't get a return visa because of that brinosaur judge and all the charges she hung on me.."No doubt," she said drily.."What breed of tadpole are they turning out these days?."The threeoutoffour..Named all us boys after Canadian provinces.		
He spread his hands genially..No matter what you hear, women really like and appreciate such men.".Way I figure it, violence never accomplishes much that's important..There was a longish stretch of quiet..Of course, they were all killed in the Blue Chicago Rising by the MacGregor boysall except me and Saskatchewan.		
Before then, you're plain too young to be even near it.".He looked thoughtful when I told him how Sis and I had been born there and spent half our childhood listening to the pressure pumps..See here, Miss Sparling, I didn't want to arrest Brown, and, if it's at all possible, I'd still prefer not to.."of the Mother Anita Law, SC 2136, Emergency Interplanetary Directives.".He humphed at me, just the way Sis does, and lifted me by the scruff of my neck.		
Something rattled to the floor..Butt Lee Brown.".I'm sorry, Miss Sparling..*       *       *       *       * He almost squeezed my arm when I got to the time Mom and Pop were blown up in a surfacing boat.."But I wasn't going to serve all those fancy little prison sentences.		
A trap seemed to be hinging noisily into place..You see, Pop came over in the eightiesthe big wave of immigrants when they evacuated Ontario..*       *       *       *       * For a moment, I didn't understand him..But this lifeboatdon't you know that every passenger ship carries four times as many lifeboats as it needs?.When I did, I was almost ill. "Yyou mean," I choked, "ththat you're bbreaking the law right now?		
she said, looking at me as if I were beginning to grow a second pair of ears..The Chief Mate picked me up and passed me to the Second Assistant Engineer..And you want to foul up Venus.".He'd heard about the seabottom mining cities that were bubbling under protective domes in every one of the Earth's oceans just about the same time settlements were springing up on the planets..Sis actually staggered back.		
Bossy, opinionated. By the way, Fordie," he said, rising and stretching so the fishleather bounced and rippled off his biceps, "that sister..Neither of them said anything for a bit after he let go.."And no more army stationed south of Icebox.".And don't call me Ferdinand..You're healthy and strong, got good heredity, you know how to operate subsurface machinery, you've lived underwater, and your disposition's no worse than most of the anura I've seen.		
Then the wars went on and a lot more men began to die or get no good from the radioactivity..But no matter what, he would never let me hold it..I held out my hand the way Sis had taught me.."Well, after the funeral, there was a little money, so Sis decided we might as well use it to migrate..His boots were made of it too, and so was the hood hanging down his back.		
Then Sas and me hunted the MacGregors down..Butt laughed slowly and carefully as if he were going over each word..He had his blaster out and was cursing very interestingly.."I dunno, Miss Sparling," the Computer's Mate said, scratching the miniature sliderule insignia on his visor with his free hand..But as you explained to me, a man who has been honored with an important official position should stay close to the letter of the law for the sake of other men who are trying to break down terrestrial antimale prejudice.		
"Your name is Ferdinand and stop trying to act forcefully like a girl..He frowned and sighted at the light globe.."I want him!"."Yes," she said bitterly..I demand" "I told you, Sis.		
After a lot of begging, Butt Lee Brown explained the workings of his blaster, explained it so carefully that I could name every part and tell what it did from the tiny round electrodes to the long spirals of transformer..In fact" "Pardon me, sir," I broke in, "but doesn't dunging come only from Leif Erickson Island off the Moscow Peninsula of the Macro Continent?.The seconds ambled on and there was no clatter of electrostatic discharge, no smell of burning flesh..I learned three wildwave songs of the Flatfolk and what it is that the native Venusians hate so much; I learned how you tell the difference between a lousy government paddlefoot from New Kalamazoo and the slaptoe slinker who is the planter's friend..But I learned so many wonderful things about Venus every time I visited that stowaway....		
When Butt saw somebody was with me, he jumped and the teninch blaster barrel grew out of his fingers.."Sorry, ladies, but the boy's right..I suppose you didn't know that under space regulations that makes him equally guilty?"."Venus is a sharp enough place for a dryhorn, let alone a tadpole dryhorn with a bossminded sister.".He turned over on his back and clicked his teeth at the ceiling.		
"Well," he said, swinging to a bunk, "that's sort of it.".Maybe it was the kind of clothes he was wearing that did it, but all of a sudden I was reminded of a crocodile I'd seen in a surface zoo that had stared quietly at me for twenty minutes until it opened two long toothstudded jaws..The crew, officers and men, all go along with me..You're standing here right now because you're on your way to Venus for a husband..You can't be one, because, not being a citizen, you can't acquire an Earth Passport.		
Then we heard some feet walking..Figure if you charge off to Venus, you don't want a poodle, you want a man..Before I got my breath and sat up, the door had been shut again..Now, who has been filling your head with all this nonsense?".There was sweat rolling down the Second Assistant's forehead; it converged at his nose and bounced off the tip in a sizable stream.		
"Sections Fortythree and Fortyfive, I told him..That was Butt..Trouble was, he was a special kind of farmer.."No matter how much you explain it to them, they always use it wrong, they botch it up every single time..Not from Mankind?"		
The second man to be declared an outlaw had escaped!.He seemed to be saying something to her, although neither of them moved their lips..A doorway into Monster territory was a valuable human resource, after all, valuable to Mankind and Strangers alikewhy jeopardize it by leaving it visible and open?.He found himself getting more and more wary of the unexpected shadows where the wall curved sharply: he picked up speed as he ran past the black hole of a branching burrow..Now he could look around.		
"No new traps," he said in a soft voice..Eric demanded eagerly..Up to now, he'd taken it for granted that this was because she'd had a son who was terribly unluckyalmost the worst thing a person in the burrows could be.."What a fight, eh?.Just a pinch at a time, no more.		
This halfalive, delirious man was his only hope of escaping..One squashed them slowly or rapidlyat one's pleasure..He rolled on his side dizzily..Any band would wait two days before giving up and turning homeward..If you're man enough to continue the work he started.		
The women's part..He felt his own body turn completely cold even before the TrapSmasher spoke..With pity..I went on the Theft, Uncle Thomas, I went on the Theft with you..She had treated him the way a wife treats a husband, and many warriorsEric thought gleefullymany full warriors with their Thefts long behind them had observed that Eric was likely to join the ranks of the Male Society and the married men almost simultaneously.		
Bound hand and foot, they were lying against the far wall of the great central burrow..Your tribe, my tribeyou know what they call us?.How long would the weaponsmiths, the potters and tanners and artificers of these burrows be able to go on with their buzzing, noisy industries once Mankind ceased to bring them the basic substancesfood, cloth, metalit had so gloriously stolen from fearfilled Monster territory?.My people are Mankind.".A final push, and it slid into place tightly, only the thin, curved line suggesting its existence.		
Thomas's uncertain speech had underlined that fact..He knew there was not much time..Enormous, elongated, unbelievable distance..Thomas examined his face and seemed satisfied..He had met Strangers and dealt with them as a representative of Mankind.		
Thomas the TrapSmasher's eyes had slowly darkened..Move fast."."There wasn't anything official," Eric heard Rita the RecordKeeper admonishing as he tried to stanch the flow of blood by bringing his shoulder up and pressing it against the wound.."Oh, definitely yes!.You were Mankind.		
Thomas's head waggled loosely: he dribbled words mixed with red saliva..He gets to be chief, she becomes the Chieftain's First Wife and automatically takes over the Female Society..Where did that leave religion?.Let's see..Thomas the TrapSmasher seemed to have trouble continuing.		
The band had stood its ground for a while, sustained some losses, and then been forced to retreat..I will walk at the head of the line of warriors and see for them,     And they shall be confident and they shall conquer     For they have Eric the Espier to lead the way and point the path!.*       *       *       *       * He stared at the wall, breathing hard..The snobs..What the ancestors want of Eric is unmistakable, what he must be if we are to hit back at the Monsters and regain the Earth which is rightfully ours."		
I'm Eric the Eye now, right?.Could it be explained by a sudden onslaught and the complete extermination of his uncle's band?.he asked in complete amazement..He fell to the floor of the burrow, whimpering with the release of tension..Yes.		
The results were much more than he had anticipated..What a thought!.They were great despite their inferior technology..He said he'd known you for a long time..The floor vibrated slightly underfoot; there was a regular, rhythmic gurgling.		
But not like this..Move fast. Eric turned..There were at least a dozen men in Mankind with skill great enough to bring him down even at twenty or twentyfive paces..His eyes kept wandering from him to Thomas the TrapSmasher..It meant that he was much closer to full status than they.		
Could it be interpreted?.Then why did his uncle want to get mixed up with Stranger politics, he wondered, as he emerged from the structure?.A clear majority of their faces bore an unmistakable resemblance to Franklin's..We're outside Mankind, outside the law, outside religion.."It's their larder.		
You've chosen.."The Cause needs them..Eric whispered..Thomas the TrapSmasher could do no wrong..He hadn't seen it.		
Alienscience people ... serving their faith ... do you think it was an ordinary robbery ... they died for it! He had never realized before how odd it was that his parents had gone to Monster territory together, a man taking his wife and the woman taking her baby!."Eric the Eyebrow, Eric the Closed Eyelash, you'll be known as, if you don't wake up!.He had almost given up breathing.."No!" The single guard who'd been left on duty at the entrance turned around and regarded him humorously..Throw it as fast and as far as you can.		
"A little," he said..One thing about it, however, everyone knew..Now his uncle got to his feet and called Roy the Runner to him..It felt almost like being out in the open..As he passed each man, he was asked the name of the girl he'd been thinking about and pressed for interesting details.		
What about them?"."That's just looking for trouble."."But Bob and you both tried to operate the machine," Albin reminded him.."Wait a minute, Mac," Skeat said and crossed to the other side of the narrow laboratory..They with their easy lives, what did they know what existence had been like for such as he?		
Yes, that was exactly what it was, he saw excitedly..That's the reason for the metal boxtrying to cover one more explosive possibility.".What a comfortable place to live!.It's in that box.".*       *       *       *       * But there had been more damage than anyone knew at the time.		
He began to read them slowly, very slowly, for the manuscript was full of a lot of long and complicated words, like a letter from one bookworm scientist to another..The rest were rendered much less capable of fathering or bearing offspring..Hugo Honek pleaded..Curiously, he opened it, hoping to find something valuable..And after it had fed, it hit again at a new plant and another and another.		
All attempts by botanists to control the Blight failed because of the swiftness of its onslaught..He shot his arm outit was cold, as cold as they had figuredand pulled the object inside..He cut speed until he hit the last day of April, then cut speed again, drifting slowly backward to the eighteenth, the day of the infamous Guided Missile Experiment..He picked up the sealed metal cylinder, walked to the entrance of the time machine and tossed it into the gray murk..Better forget about it.		
It'll be a world in which humanity has a better chance to survive, but it'll be one with problems of its own..This was a damn good job and he was lucky..Wasn't there something he was supposed to do a second before materialization?.But in this other world, this other 2089, there was a state that took care of you and that treasured your children..A twentieth century poet once wrote something to the effect that the world will end not with a bang, but a whimper.		
Then his exciting adventure would be over..Since the end of the Epidemic, the birth rate had been moving further and further behind the death rate..There must be some complicated scientific explanation for it, he decidedand that would make it none of his business..Many insects, too, before they became extinct at the loss of their edible plants, served to assuage hunger to some small extent..The missile with its deadly warhead exploded in the Pacific Ocean as planned, the physicists and the military men went home to study their notes, and the world shivered once more over the approaching war and tried to forget about it.		
He pulls the little red switch on the green instrument panel toward him, thus preventing the error that caused the missile to explode in the Brazilian jungle and causing it, instead, to explode somewhere in the midPacific, as originally planned.".Albin grimaced in annoyance..In another century.... That was why the planet's powerful individuals had been persuaded to pool their wealth in a desperate attempt to alter the past..Besides, the manuscript was written with almost painful simplicity, like a textbook composed by a stuffy pedagogue for the use of morons..Our purpose here, as you no doubt" Levney sat up on his couch and snapped his fingers peremptorily.		
Five years later, it burst out of the jungle and completely wiped out every last rice plant on Earth..Anxiously, he opened it, not daring to believe he'd find a document inside..In another century.... That was why a desperate and secret attempt to alter the past was being made..But there was fallout, a radioactive rain several hundred miles to the north, and a small fishing fleet got thoroughly soaked by it..So long, Bob."		
A solid object floating near the opening attracted his attention..Every time things got really tight, you and your wife looking sideways at your kids and wondering which of them would bring the best price..Law and order were had only by those who could afford to pay for them and children of impoverished families were sold on the open market for a bit of food..What a wonderful world!.Carefully, carefully, like a man handling a strange bomb made on a strange planet, he watched the center gauge until the needle came to rest against the thin etched line that indicated the exactly crucial moment.		
He materialized the time machine around the green instrument panel, sweating a bit at the sight of the roomful of military figures, despite the technicians' reassurances that all this would be happening too fast to be visible..The moment you do, our world, with all its slow slide to extinction, goes out and its alternate goes onjust like two electric light bulbs on a pushpull circuit..And the gnawing in his stomach was no doubt almost as great..We and every single one of our artifacts, including the time machine, disappear..Carefully, carefully, like an obstetrician supervising surgical robots at an unusually difficult birth, he watched the register until it rolled to rest against the notch that indicated the exactly crucial moment.		
*       *       *       *       * Albin laughed.."And he pulls the red switch toward him," Gomez, the dandelionroot magnate, reminded him sharply, impatiently..And Alben kept his eyes deferentially in their direction, too, as he had throughout this period of lastminute instruction.."Ah, yes, the red switch..What was it doing out there?		
Try to see that it doesn't end with a bang, either.".Buying security for them, as he was now, at the risk of his life..It's my hunch that something that's immersed in it will not be altered by a new time sequence."."Any time you feel like taking an unnecessary risk, remember that Bob and I will have to stand trial if you don't come back..A solid object floating near the entrance caught his eye.		
He'd even be a scientisteveryone was a scientist there, weren't they?and he'd have a big laboratory all to himself..Dr. Llewellyn Shapiro, the only physician in town, was the first man to note that, while the symptoms of this disease were substantially milder than those of its unmutated parent, practically no one was immune to it and its effects on human reproductivity were truly terrible..He lowered speed until he registered April, then maneuvered slowly backward through time to the eighteenth, the day of the infamous Guided Missile Experiment..Now to make a halfway decent world!."And you blacked out after a fifteensecond temporal displacement.		
*       *       *       *       * "Remind him to be careful, Bob," Honek rumbled..Now!.It tells why ours is the worst possible of futures.."This is the precaution the scientists have just added..Strange.		
Then his wellpaid assignment would be done..All he had to do now was materialize in the right spot, flash out and pull the red switch toward him..He dropped his hand on the side levers and began the process of materializing at the crucial moment on April 18, 1976..Genetic research had the very best minds prodded into it; the lesser ones went into the other sciences..The old man smiled again.		
Then, when a vaccine was finally perfected, humanity discovered to its dismay that its generative powers had been permanently and fundamentally impaired..Yes, that nervous theoretician, Bob Skeat, had given him a last suggestion..He knew he should go back with this new information and have all three of them kick it around.."Good old Giovanni Albeni," he laughed again happily..Maybe the problems will be tough enough so that they'll get the same idea we did and try to go back to the same point in time to change them."		
