The financier opened the sheet, which had remained folded in his hand, and glanced at what was written there..It is sixteen stories up, fronting the street, and there is no fire escape.".demanded the scientist.."I learned years ago that no one could keep my secrets as well as I dothere are too many temptations..He was silent for a moment.		
"I shall not pretend to understand all that," said The Thinking Machine curtly..*       *       *       *       * Twice the following day The Thinking Machine spoke to the financier over the telephone..Grayson glanced round involuntarily to where the girl sat idly turning over the leaves of her book..he suggested at last..MCCRACKEN Co.Sell ten thousand shares L. & W. at 97."		
he asked at last.."Miss Winthrop!".Of course!.exclaimed The Thinking Machine.."If you knew the arrangement of my offices, you would see how utterly impossible that would be, because" "Nothing is impossible, Mr. Grayson," snapped the scientist abruptly.		
"I understand, Miss Winthrop," he said at last..My plans become known to others almost by the time I have perfected them.."Then Miss Winthrop did," declared The Thinking Machine finally, positively; "unless we credit the opposition, as you call it, with telepathic gifts hitherto unheard of.."Read the paper I gave you, Mr. Grayson," directed The Thinking Machine coldly..I am heartily ashamed of it all, because the investigation proved her absolute loyalty to me.		
The Thinking Machine stood staring at her aggressively, as she opened the envelope and drew out the sheet of paper..Bring him along and meet me in the room on the top floor where the telephone is at precisely fifteen minutes before one o'clock today.".demanded The Thinking Machine.."I've got it," he announced briefly..replied the scientist irritably.		
My brokers didn't know of it; Miss Winthrop never heard of it until twenty minutes before the Stock Exchange opened for business.."Are you sure?"."Millions!".The scientist turned suddenly toward Grayson, who had witnessed the incident with frank astonishment in his eyes..He hung up the receiver, paused for a moment to admire an exquisitely wrought silver boxa "vanity" boxon Miss Winthrop's desk, beside the telephone, then took a seat beside Grayson and began to discourse almost pleasantly upon the prevailing meteorological conditions.		
"But here is something you must do today..I don't know how you did it, of course; but I understand that you did do it, so" He stepped to the door and opened it with grave courtesy..The Thinking Machine fumbled with some keys, then opened the way.."She finished the letters, then remained quietly at her desk, reading a book..It is beyond all ordinary things, Professor.		
The girl rose from her desk, and a flash of some subtle emotion passed over her face..repeated Grayson..Hatch didn't know what was happening, but he was interested..Instead of sitting, however, The Thinking Machine went straight to Miss Winthrop and extended a sealed envelop to her..Miss Winthrop made no pleamerely bowed and went out.		
"What kind?".he went on after a moment.."It's all right," he said..Van Dusen, distinguished scientist, and Hutchinson Hatch, newspaper reporter, were poking round among the chimney pots and other obstructions on the roof of a skyscraper.."Of course!		
"Briefly, there is a leak in my office..The last one left me at ten minutes of ten.".A few minutes later the eminent financier ushered the eminent scientist into his private office on the Street..At one o'clock," the scientist went on, "you must issue orders for a gigantic deal of some sort; and you must issue them precisely as you have issued them in the past; there must be no variation..Grayson asked a dozen questions, answers to which were curtly denied, then went to his office.		
He paused at a window, and for minute after minute stood motionless there, with eyes narrowed to mere slits.."Ah!"."But when she finished the letters, she went out?".The operator glanced about in astonishment..Hatch drew up a chair and rolled off several lines of the immortal practice sentence, beginning, "Now is the time for all good men" The Thinking Machine sat beside him, squinting across the room in deep abstraction, and listening intently.		
While Grayson sat with deeply perplexed lines in his face, the diminutive scientist called upon Hutchinson Hatch at his office..Considerably later in the day The Thinking Machine called Grayson to the telephone again.."You mean that the deal must be purely imaginative?".The Thinking Machine sat silent for so long that Grayson began to fidget in his chair..Grayson mentioned the name of a wellknown jeweler.		
"Well, who is in your confidence?".His lips were set sternly..But my plans became known, and when I began to unload everything was snapped up by the opposition, with the result that instead of gaining control of the road I lost heavily.."Except your stenographer," corrected the scientist..Do the same men, the same clique, appear against you all the time, or is it only one man?"		
she demanded..Above, the infinite blackness hung like a veil, with starpoints breaking through here and there..What could I do?".The Thinking Machine turned to Grayson.."Write something on it," he directed Hatch.		
"Who is he, please?".The Thinking Machine stood impatiently looking on, watch in hand.."No," replied the financier grimly..I trust her absolutely.".exclaimed Grayson, "I can't believe it!"		
"Honest?".Faint cobwebby lines began to appear on the domelike brow of the scientist, and slowly the squint eyes were narrowing.."It wouldn't be safe," he said at last, "to leave the wire exposed as we have left it.."Certainlyof course.".So it came about that Grayson did not go to his office on the following morning at the usual time.		
"I left positively nothing undone to insure absolute secrecy..The room was still unfurnished, save for the telephone box on the wall..From far below came the faint echo of a man's footsteps as the watchman passed through the silent, deserted building..But now it is different.."Drop in behind here," Mr. Birnes remarked crisply to Malone, without looking around.		
I had to come.".He's just got a couple of handouts an' he passes one to me, an' we gits to talkin'..Again he faced the tramp:  "Haney, do you know how much the diamonds you had were worth?"...Mr. Birnes couldn't say.		
He waved his hand vaguely to the right, in accordance with the directions of Red Haney.."The very type of man who would scrimp and starve to put all his money in something like diamonds," mused Chief Arkwright..In another half an hour the little bell over his desk should ring..Mechanically Mr. Czenki placed the three spheres and the replicas in an orderly little row on the table in front of him and the uncut stones beside themsix, seven, eight million dollars' worth of diamonds.."No."		
demanded Chief Arkwright with cold finality..She had crept down the stairs noiselessly, and stood beside him before he was aware of her presence..How long had he lived there?."Then what became of them?"."Well, he puts the proposition to me," Haney continued circumstantially, "an' I falls for it.		
You remember Mr. Schultze said something about ..It was only by a supreme effort that he held himself in control; and the lean, scarred face was working strangely..Absurd!.He turned fiercely upon Mr. Wynne..Kellner?"		
"I dare say the suite just above is habitable, and the maid is at your service."."Of course," the detective resumed, "the whole investigation centers about this man Wynne..Every man at the table arose and crowded about Mr. Czenki, who held a flamelike sphere in his outstretched palm for their inspection..Haney returned the gaze dully for an instant, then suddenly he nodded his head..Mr. Wynne even nodded in a friendly sort of way as he attached the second strip of tissue to the leg of another bird.		
"In the first place," resumed Mr. Wynne, as if there had been no interruption, "Mr. Kellner here" "Don't!".I've been able to locate some diamonds, but it's necessary to know something of the quantity of those you mentioned.."And this!"."Sid down und draw a long breath, und den dell Mr. Laadham here someding aboud diamonds.".he asked.		
"I must know.."Certainly..Here was a long line of cabs drawn up beside the curb, some twenty or thirty in all..Red Haney was submitted to the "third degree."."I demonstrate this much by the close watch I have kept of Mr. Wynne," the detective went on, there being no response to his questioning look at Mr. Schultze.		
Think of it!".Sutton was leaning against an electriclight pole, half a block away; Claflin was half a block off in the other direction, in casual conversation with a policeman..In a couple of hours, now, we shall be getting an answer.."And his eyes?".They had reason, too, to believe that I was not acting for myself alone.		
I will bind myself to secrecy, as you must; I will guarantee that no stone from the same source is ever offered in the market or privately, while you gentlemen," and his manner was emphatically deliberate, "purchase from me at onehalf the carat price you now pay one hundred million dollars' worth of diamonds!" He paused.."He has had two men constantly on watch at my office, day and night, and two others constantly on watch at my home, day and night.."Wait a minute, my dear girl just a minute."."But it's preposterous on the face of it, isn't it?.Whoever heard of a diamond as big as the Kohinoor, or the Regent, or the Orloff being made?		
"Whose diamonds were they?"."Think of the mind that achieved it, man!".Mr. Birnes  readily understood this much, yet there was a chancea bare chancethat he might trace the girl on the 'L,' in which caseanyway, it was worth trying..He leaned over, picked up a handful from the heap and replaced them in the leather bag.."Yep.		
In the seclusion of his home in Thirtyseventh Street, Mr. Wynne read the story with puckered brows, then reread it, after which he paced back and forth across his room in troubled thought for an hour or more.."Why have you been watched?"."You are William Johns?"."I don't know it, Boss.".Then, unless I can find a way for us to go together safely, we will throw everything aside and go anyway.		
The workman watched the snowwhite speck until it was lost against the blue sky, then returned to his labors.."You don't understand" "I understand it all," she broke in.."I don'd d'ink I vould yust blace my hands on dem," Mr. Schultze advised..He was tall and rather slender, alert of eyes, graceful of person; perfectly selfpossessed and sure of himself, yet without one trace of egotism in manner or appearancea fair type of the brisk, courteous young business man of New York..A minute passedtwo, four, fiveand Mr. Wynne stood as she left him, then he opened the front door and stepped out.		
Did he own the house?.Mr. Birnes' hopeful fingers fished it out.."So I should not have come?".He dropped into a chair near the door..queried Mr. Sutton triumphantly.		
"Yes, I understand," said Mr. Czenki impatiently..There was a question in his face as he regarded Mr. Czenki..She stopped, glared at him with scornful eyes for an instant, then ran up the stairs again.."Yes," the chief agreed with a glance at Mr. Birnes..He followed her with grim determination in his face.		
The chief stared straight into the young man's eyes for an instant, and then: "And Mr. Kellner's family?".With certain minor omissions he told of the cab ride to Sixtyseventh Street, the trip across to a downtown car, and, as a matter of convincing circumstantial detail, added the incident of the empty gripsack.."Why did you come here?".He gives me a lot o' booze for it, an' I guess I gits considerable lit up, an' he also gives me some money to pay ferry fare, an' the next thing I knows I'm nabbed over in the hockshop.."If you'll give me just a little while then perhapsperhaps I may go with you.		
"It's worth half a million dollars if it's worth a cent!".Mr. Wynne resumed questioningly.."Well, yesblack.".The huge German nodded his head vigorously, with sparkling eyes..He glanced up, arose, and went up the three flights of stairs to the roof.		
"Something like fifty thousand dollars," Mr. Birnes informed him impressively; "and if you got fifty thousand dollars for your share the other man got a million.".He called back to Mr. Reid to search for what he had lost..Dunston objected because he is an egotistical young man and, being young, is foolish..He returned after a moment with the mirror..One look told me it would be useless to try to scale the wall, even should I decide to leave my cell by the window, for my purpose was to leave not only the cell, but the prison.		
Flesh tints are daringly laid on the seminude figure, diaphanous draperies hide, yet, reveal, the exquisite lines of the body..Just when I reached the luminous phantom I disposed of it for all time by smashing it with a hammer..He merely glanced at the papers.."Do you think you've got enough to get to the inn?".The guard went as directed, while Dr. Ransome and Mr.		
"Suicide," was the reply..Here, after a comprehensive squint at the landscape, The Thinking Machine entered and for half an hour questioned three waiters there..I would stand at my window for hours gazing out, so the guard could see, and occasionally I spoke to him..Curtis shuddered a little..He glared down at Jean fiercely.		
"Fifteen thousand a year," said the reporter..He could only conjecture that this had to do with Preston Bell.."Dear me, dear me," exclaimed the scientist..I have been closely associated with him for several months, and I won't believe that he could have had anything to do with this affair, although I know positively that he was in need of a large sum of moneyninety thousand dollarsbecause his personal fortune was in danger.."I can't let her go now without arraignment," the detective growled.		
It's logic."."Now, Mr. Mallory," said the scientist, "I shall try to make this matter as clear to you as it is to me..They ran, and as they ran they heard the ghost alaughing at them."."How far?"."What's the matter?"		
The jet from which the tip came was just on a level with his shoulder, set between a dressing table and a window.."It would seem from that," said Ernest Weston, at last, "that the jewels were hidden before the tragedy, and have never been found.".he asked..That's all I can say now.".What sleep he got was in daytime.		
"Is he in love with you?".and with a sudden sweep of his hand he upset a heavy chair..I believe it was tailormade..There was one thing on earth he was afraid ofa woman.."Thank youthat's all," said The Thinking Machine.		
"He merely made a fool of himself and me," replied the actress, with spirit, speaking to Curtis.."It was done because Henley had firmly barred it," Hatch explained..Slowly the glimmer of amusement was passing out of the squint eyes of The Thinking Machine; as Hatch looked he saw a hardening of the lines of the mouth..It was twentyseven..For fifteen minutes Hatch silently looked on as The Thinking Machine worked over the unconscious man.		
It occurred to the warden for the first time that his prisoner appeared haggard and weary.."To a doctor," replied Hatch.."Becausewell, because" He faltered, flushed and stopped..Miss Stanford was in..He said it would.		
"French, isn't he?"."Can't you go down with us tonight?".West was disposing of the last bundle when Miss ClarkeLouise Clarkeprivate secretary to President Fraser, came out of his office with a long envelope in her hand..He stared at the two men with unseeing eyes, and in them was unutterable terror..It was charming to be scolded by Miss Melrose, so much so in fact that it was worth while sinning again.		
Fielding shortly after seven o'clock..I smashed one of the windows and went through it..He disappeared and returned shortly with the handkerchief.."Yes..The subtler murdersthat is, the ones which are most attractive as problemsare nearly always the work of a cunning woman.		
"I don't know," he confessed..But he looked, looked, with every sense alert.."Identical, so far as I can see.".This telegram was signed 'Preston Bell, Cashier.'."No, I don't believe so."		
"He couldn't do that on fifteen thousand dollars a year," mused the scientist.."Of course it would have been impossible for" "Nothing is impossible," said the other, tartly..He had regained possession of himself to a certain extent..What I said in the note is not exaggerated."."I'm going to make a request, Mr. Mallory," said The Thinking Machine.		
Van DusenThe Thinking Machine..For on this fifth day he flung down another linen note to the outside guard, bearing the words: "Only two days more.".They entered the house through the kitchen and the scientist squinted this way and that, through the receptionroom, the library, and finally the back hallway..I knewthe pure logic of it told mehow the ghost was made to appear and disappear; one look at the house inside convinced me beyond all doubt..Therefore it would have been impossible for anyone to peep through the keyhole.		
It smelled of books and damp wood.."No," Hatch had to admit..His revolver lay beside him with all the cartridges out..He ran twenty steps, then stumbled and fell.."And last, Dunston," resumed The Thinking Machine, and he pointed dramatically at the receiving teller.		
"Why was the door smashed in?"."Has she fainted?"."From the beginning, every fact you know," he had requested.."No engineer would dare go to sleep.."It's a lie!"		
