It seems to me we can work together.".Lord love ye, she's an old friend o' mine..Remember?".asked Grandfather Nat..Mrs. Grimes screwed her red nose at the woman before her, jerked up her crushed bonnet, and plucked her rusty skirt across her knees with the proper virtuous twitch.		
I still failed to understand the method of its arrival.."Where is he?".Viney swore, and dropped his other hand.."You're a stranger lately..Ah, I know, I do!"		
It amounted to this..It's what I might call the universal topic in neighbourin' circles, an' a gen'ral subjick o' local discussion..The sun sank below London, and night came slow and black over the marshes and the Cop..The talk in the bar went on, being almost entirely the talk of Mr. Cripps; who valued himself on the unwonted importance his news gave him, and aimed at increasing it by saying the same thing a great many times; by saying it, too, when he could, in terms and phrases that had a strong flavour of the Sunday paper..Mrs. Grimes's head drooped faintly, and her eyelids nearly closed.		
He tugged at her wrist to extort an answer, and the woman's face was drawn with fear..Maybe the mail's late.".It was no matter of scruple or compunction; of that he never dreamed..Then he replaced them on his knees and rested his fists on his thighs, just above where they lay..Mrs. Grimes's declaration drew a growling answer in a man's voice, wholly indistinct; and I found a patch in the canvas, with a loose corner, which afforded a peephole.		
Another pair o' doors just over there, an' the bar brought round like so, an' that for Bottle an' Jug, and throw the rest into Public Bar..I was on'y doin' the friendly, that's all; bein' a old pal..Screaming still, with a growing hoarseness, and writhing where he lay, the blinded wretch scratched helplessly at the reeking lime that scorched his skin and seared his eyes almost to the brain..Up and over the bank, and down on the side next the river, he went so boldly that one at a distance would never have guessed him blind; for on any plain road he had once traversed he was never at fault; and he turned with such readiness at the proper spot, and so easily picked his way to the shed, that Dan had scarce more warning than could bring him as far as the door, where they met..I'll give 'im honest an' grateful!"		
Tell 'im tonight..he sung out.."Will ye tell 'im, then?.Ever see him before?".Grimes came running in shirt and trousers, and, as soon as he could find how matters stood, turned and ran again for oil.		
he cried, "there's a toff somewhere near, I can tell by the sound of his money!.But it's halves for me, mind ye..he said, in a low voice, drawing me to his side..Out with it!".Presently I got up again, and looked out over the river.		
'E can't come to you 'cos o' showin' 'isself.."Nonot to say dear, seein' 'ow prices is up..For a moment Musky Mag disbelieved eyes and ears together..How long would a man last, that had both his eyes to see with, eh?".But see now, Stevy, see; as to goin' away, now.		
I'm afraid it may be gone now; but if I'd 'a 'ad the money" A noise of trampling and singing without neared the door, and with a bang and a stagger a party of fresh customers burst in and swept Mr. Cripps out of his exposition..The blow on the head might have been caused by an accident on the riverside, or it might have been inflicted wilfully by an assailant..Reassured, as it seemed, by what he saw of the company present, he came boldly in, and called for a drink with an elaborate air of unconcern.."Looks as though the money wasn't his, don't it?"."Love ye, cap'en, why, I didn't mean that!		
Well, I know that; an' not play no tricks..Mrs. Grimes's face was blank with wonder and doubt, but in her eyes there was a growing and hardening suspicion..Which reminds me, speakin' of 'andsome things..You'll 'ave sich a sign as'll attract the 'ole artistic feelin' of Wapping an' surroundin' districks of the metropolis, I assure you.."Yes," replied Viney, now a little more himself.		
CHAPTER VIII STEPHEN'S TALE I found it quite true that one might eat the loose sugar wherever he judged it clean enoughas most of it was.."When I get it," my grandfather replied with a chuckle, "anything might happen without surprisin' me..I thought I should catch cold, and perhaps tumble overboard, if I had a bad dream; and I said so..'Ope I didn't 'urt ye!.He went grinning and cursing up the passage and so toward the bridge, without another word or look.		
Nobody was there, and nobody was in the bar..For a moment Mr. Cripps's countenance fell; truly it would have been more imposing to have jumped over the bar..Indeed that disaster was very freely spoken of, all along the waterside, as a deliberate scuttling, and it was felt that Captain Nat could lay his bereavement to something worse than the fair chance of the seas..And there were two others, regular frequenters both..I got to frighten 'em, my boyan' I do it, too."		
Clearer against a faint patch, which had been white with lime in daylight, the figure grew to that of a man; a man moving in that murky darkness with an amazing facility, address, and quietness..he queried..I nodded gravely..So he said very little, except that Viney might come and make any proposal he pleased; hoping for some chancecome expedient whereby he might screw out a little on account.."Ahoy!"		
he repeated; "Cap'en Nat Kemp's got 'em.".And if you'd like something on account to buy the board for the signor say two boards if you likewe'll see about it after dinner.".And pawnshops, slopshops, tobaccoshopsevery shop almosthad somewhere in its window a selection of those curiosities that sailors make abroad and bring home: little shipmodels mysteriously erected inside bottles, shells, albatross heads, sawfish snouts, and bottles full of sand of different colours, ingeniously packed so as to present a figure or a picture when viewed from without..As for that artist, he attained his dinner, and a few shillings under the name of advance; and so was well pleased with his morning's work..Where was it?"		
While Dan Ogle remained undisturbed, and justice was balked for a while; for it turned out in the end that when the police suspected Dan Ogle they were right, and when they went to other conjectures they were wrong..True, I had seen very little of my father, but when he was at home he was always as kind to me as Grandfather Nat himself, and led me about with him everywhere; and last voyage he had brought me a little boomerang, and only laughed when I hove it through a window that cost him three shillings..Grandfather Nat had business in the Minories in the matter of a distiller's account; and for this reason divers injunctions, stipulations, and warnings were entered into and laid upon Mr. Cripps before his departure.."Don't see it?.Then he looked up, his face stern and hard beyond the common: and his was a stern face at best.		
"No,haven't seen him for months.."When he was a boy..So you havewith a knife up your sleeve.."Yes.".he said.		
Don't waste timethey're turning him over themselves..Then he asked suddenly, "Where's this blind chap?.But presently I tired of it, and climbed the steps to read the bills describing the people who had been found drowned..What 'ud you be disposed to give for it now?".It would seem that the chief business of the "Avalanche Bicycle and Tyre Company, Limited," was the attaching of labels to previously nondescript machines.		
Moreover, the window now found unfastened and shut was always left open a foot or so all day, to air the bedroom.."Very well, then, make him as comfortable as you can, and give him some of your very best coffee..I'll come.".The room had never been a very large one, and now a partition divided it in two, leaving a passage at one side only, by the window..I trusted that Dorrington would be as comfortable in his half of the transaction, bearing my responsibilities and troubles.		
Dorrington pulled out a drawer just below where the box stood, and took from it another white wood box..And besides I'm not sure that Mrs. Hamer won't attend to your punishment faithfully enough.".Shall I bile it now?"."What!".The paving was of rough cobble stones, deep in mud.		
"Why not come?.He said that he thought that as it was 'only Mr. Richard' it didn't matter..I have no money, or you should have some..Because the great sword has a soul just as a man has, and it knows and the gods know!.So the gold and silver stood in its case, to the blinking wonderment of messengers and porters whose errands took them into Mr. Loftus Deacon's sittingroom.		
Where is he now?".Before I left, however, I went to the basement and inspected the ladder, the removal of which had caused the police so much exercise..The founder of the firm, Mr. Paul Mallows, was now the managing director, and a great pillar of the cycling industry..I've come to take away that diamond.".Hamer seemed at first disposed to resent the loudness and familiarity of this speech, but at the reference to toothache he started suddenly and set his lips.		
III The prospectus of the "Avalanche Bicycle and Tyre Company" stated that the works were at Exeter and Birmingham.."He murdered Mr. Deacon, I think," Dorrington replied, "as I fancy I can explain to you..Then you let that court plaster get frayed at the edge, and you still keep it on..Everybody inside was directly interested in Gillett's success, excepting the Union officials and Sparks, who's a gentleman and quite above suspicion, as much so, indeed, as the Union officials..[Illustration: "DORRINGTON HAD A REVOLVER IN HIS HAND."]		
"I," answered Dorrington with perfect composure, "I am Mr. Paul Mallowsyou may have heard of me in connection with the 'Indestructible Bicycle Company.'"."And yet you go to Hatton Garden every day.".A professional racing man is employed to win races and make records, on machines which have been specially made by another firm (perhaps it was the 'Indestructible,' who knows?).He doesn't seem a millionaire.."Suppose I don't care one solitary dump what becomes of my client?		
As he reached it he perceived a second noticeable thing..I employ a few agents, and you and your tank may come in very handy from time to time..The mud lay confused and trackless in most places, though the place where Bouvier had been lying was indicated by an appearance of sweeping, caused, no doubt, by his wife dragging him to his feet..It was said that a few people in remote and benighted spots, where news never came till it was in the history books, had applied for shares, but the bankers returned their money, doubtless to their extreme disappointment..And after a little while he added, "I see it is a little late.		
In the list of directors there was a titled name or two, together with a few unknown namesdoubtless the "practical men.".He was a man of infinite resource, plausibility and goodcompanionship, and there was money going in the cycle trade..Mighty fine thing!.Where's the diamond?".It was the only shop in the street, with the exception of a small coal and firewood shed at one end, the other buildings consisting of the side wall of a factory, now closed for the night, and a few tenement houses.		
If you'll come with me now I think we shall give him the slip..Then Greer said musingly, "Ah, a will like that 'ud be a mighty fine thing!.The police, of course, knew something of him, and postponed questioning him directly until they had investigated a little further..A surgeon had arrived, and he reported well of the chief patient..Call him he did accordingly (the surgery was hard by), and the doctor came.		
Several considerations induced me to go to Naylor's room..Then I shall get the hallporter (if you will instruct him before you go) to show me the ladder and the vicinity of Dowden's operations..One was a big, heavy, vulgarlooking fellow in a boxcloth coat, and with a shaven face and hoarse voice; the other was a slighter, slimmer, younger and more gentlemanlike man, though there was a certain patchy colour about his face that seemed to hint of anything but teetotalism.."Well, it was a very great diamondI could not go to the first man and show it to sell..The lobby was as usual, and the sittingroom was in perfect order.		
"I haven't said anything of the kind, Mr. Hamer," Dorrington replied, suavely..In course of a few minutes they were brought, and Beard and the housekeeper entered..He's stoppin' in our house, is young Mr..What can I do?.Give me your address at Hatton Garden."		
"Chloroform's a capital thing for toothache, Mr. Hamer, and forfor other things..Dorrington expressed much interest in the subject of bicycling, and, seeing that Stedman had been a racing man, particularly as to bicycling races..The thing was in the air, as it is now..Why should I give anything for it?".I was lying in six inches of cold water, and more was pouring down upon me from above.		
The pace now suddenly increased..He lived and slept in the house, and was popularly supposed to be paid nothing at all; though his patronage of the "Ship and Anchor," hard by, was as frequent as might be..But I got at it from the other side..But Dorrington went farther, and felt carefully below the linen till his hand met a small, flat, mahogany box..Again, why?		
But Dorrington slammed the door.."My agents are everywhere..You won't refuse, you know."."No, there is none.."Large?		
It's a most extraordinary thing, but it seems the fate of almost every murderer, no matter how cunning, to leave some such damning piece of evidence about, foolish as it may seem afterward..I'd rather not drink anything just now, and, although I fear I may appear rude, I can't allow either of you to leave the room.."He wouldn't have sold it at any price, I'm sure.."I would rather that you do it..At places on the wall, among the kakemono and pictures of the ukioyé, were trophies of arms.		
The letter of introduction had been burnt, since Dorrington had only asked for it in order to get Hamer's name and the Hatton Garden address without betraying to Bouvier the fact that he did not already know all about it.."Why, it is in all the newspapers!".He shut the part, and the joints, of irregular outline, fell into the depths of the folds, and vanished as if by magic..THE CASE OF MR. LOFTUS DEACON V The Case of Mr. Loftus Deacon I This was a case that helped to give Dorrington much of that reputation which unfortunately too often enabled him to profit himself far beyond the extent to which his clients intended..The ancient swordsmiths wore court dress and made votive offerings when they forged their best blades, and the gods were supposed to assist and to watch over the career of the weapon.		
I'm afraid you're a clumsy sort of rascal, Naylor, though you do your best..You said that if he did anything of that sort you’d take the case up; so now I’ve come to see if you’ll keep your promise..And there was a small ship, carved in ivory, and worth money, I believethat’s gone..An angry, jealous, pragmatical woman, apparently, this Mrs. Geldard, and it’s impossible to judge at first sight how much she really knows and how much she imagines..You will remember I treated it as an ordinary visitor’s announcement.		
You should certainly have told me..He wore a hook in its placea hook made for him on board his vessel..She repeated to Hewitt, in the same manner, what she had already said to me, and then Hewitt, seizing his first opportunity, said, Will you please tell me, Mrs. Geldard, definitely and concisely, what evidence, or even indication, you have of unbecoming conduct on your husband’s part, and substantially what case you wish me to take up?” Case?.I took his hat and cloak (I had already changed his frock) and, after kissing him, put him hastily through the window and came away..Here is a chequebook with a number of cheques remaining.		
Our as yet ungreeted friend Geldard, guiding spirit of the whole thing, comes disguised as a carter with an apparent cartload of linoleum, and carries away the manufactured stuff..It was half afther nine that Mr. Main wint off walkin’ to Cullanin, Mr. Rewse stayin’ in, havin’ letthers to write..The thing is incurable except, as a remote possibility, by a most dangerous operation, which the doctors fear to attempt except under most favourable conditions..And so they’ve lost him again, have they?.I determined that as I had gone so far I would keep the child that day at least; indeed, as I say, whether by the influence of my husband I know not, but I almost felt myself falling into his delusion that the child was ours.		
I hated the man!” she said, with a quick access of passion, which however she suppressed at once..At other times he has lost time on a false trail while his quarry escaped..This last, by the way, is a thing Mrs. Beckle seems not to have missed in the confusion, or perhaps she didn’t know that Pullin possessed it..At my suggestion he went to the manager of the Eastern Consolidated Bank, whom he knew personally, and represented that among a heap of cheques one had got torn, and the missing piece destroyed..Since there are on the stave positions for less than a dozen notes, and there are twentysix letters to be indicated, it follows that crotchets, quavers, and semiquavers on the same line or space must mean different letters.		
He stands at the front door smoking his pipe (you remember that Mrs. Beckle told me so), waiting for Roofe..Why was this?.But I must see the place..Hewitt had stepped out for a few minutes, and I was sitting alone in his private room, when I became conscious of some disturbance in the outer office..’Twas pigs I was dhrivin’ that day, sor, to Ballyshiel fair from just beyond Cullanin.		
This has curled and crinkled rather too much in the burning, but it is plainly notepaper with an embossed heading, which stands out rather clearly..Then fill in the blank places with the next letters of the alphabet downward, h i j, and we find that h and i fall in the places we have already discovered for them as crotchets..I shall derive no opinion and no theory from anything but a consideration of the actual circumstances and evidences on the spot..Here is my card..Postmark, Hampstead; posted this afternoon also.		
His dress was good, though splashed with mud, and his bloated face, bleared eyes and loose, tremulous mouth proclaimed the habitual drunkard..It was large, with a tortoiseshell handle and a silver plate with his initials..What!.That singles a man out, and he might easily have been recognised..I shall have an hour or two to myself, I expect, this afternoon, and I’ll make a small inquiry or two on my own account in town.		
Would she allow her child to be placed in the arms of a lunaticone indeed who had already killed a child of his own?.HURLEY,’ HE SAID, ‘YOUR CLOCK KEEPS EXCELLENT TIME.’”] It does that, sor, an’ nivir more than claned twice by Rafferty since me own father (rest his soul!).Mrs. Geldard had gone off to town, and Emma Trennatt was told that she had gone to Geldard’s office..Soon after my cab emerged north of the city I became conscious of another cab, whose driver I fancied I recognised, and which kept ahead all along the route..And a light van was found in a shed belonging to the nursery loaded with seventeen rolls of linoleum, each enclosing a cylinder containing two gallons of spirits, and packed at each end with narrow linoleum rolls.		
He knows that Pullin will stand no more delay, and may do something desperate, so Roofe does something desperate himself..My greatuncle was a man of strong common sense and a Churchman (though he did think he could write plays), and if it hadn’t been for his restraint I believethat is, I have been toldMrs. Penner would have gone clean demented with religious mania..Both locked,” he said..Death from shotwound..Why all these wrappings, and moreover, why the hook? The presumption is clear.		
He killed hernot at once, so that he might have been hung for it, but by a course of regular brutality and starvation..Have communicated with coroner.O’Reilly. II Hewitt and Mr. Bowyer travelled towards Mayo together, Mr. Bowyer restless and loquacious on the subject of the business in hand, and Hewitt rather bored thereby..Seems to be Mr. Foster’s room,” the inspector remarked; here’s the key inside.” They took it across the landing and tried it..You keep such shoes, I find, though they are not in stock at present, and, as they appear to be of an uncommon sort, possibly they were bought here.” The lady looked at them..Prompt to his time at eight in the morning he was at the police station, where another inspector was now on duty, who, however, had been told of Hewitt’s wish.		
Why should Main want to get in and out by a window?.Ut sthruck twelve nigh half an hour before we lift Cullanin..But they wouldn’t hear of itgot indignant, and ‘took on’ as people call it, worse than ever, so that I had to smooth them over..Then he dragged it out and pushed it across the linoleum that covered the floor..Ah,” he said, you’re well to time, Mr. Hewitt.		
Now you can go and make a bargain with Luker and Birks..As soon as she had left, Hewitt turned to the pedestal table and probed the keyhole of the locked drawer with the small stiletto attached to his penknife..Yes, I did..It was very well made indeed; he used to say that it could not have been made for five pounds.” Indeed?” Hewitt cast his eyes about the two rooms..III My own adventures had been simple.		
So that it becomes a question of practicability..It was kind of you to reassure the poor woman.” Oh, tell me,” Mrs. Isitt asked, was she much upset at missing the little boy?.And then the opportunities of the situation occur to him..Just look about you, Mrs. Hurley,” Hewitt said, in this room and everywhere else, and tell me if anything is missing that you can remember was here on the morning of the day you last saw Mr. Rewse.” She looked thoughtfully up and down the room..In a word, he carries out the whole thing rather cleverly, and a terrible few days he must have passed.		
Why, the ark, of course.” The old lady’s manner was odd, but notwithstanding the bizarre and disjointed character of her complaint, Hewitt had now had time to observe that she had none of the unmistakable signs of the lunatic..I myself was in the large morningroom, and as he seemed to be very quiet I went to look, and found he was not there.” You looked elsewhere, of course?” Yes; but he was nowhere in the house, and none of the servants had seen him..But still, look at probabilities, my dear sir, look at probabilities.” No, but look at possibilities. There is that clock..He apologised for this, and explained that he thought, as the lady seemed excited, it would be as well to let her see me to begin with, if there was no objection, and perhaps she would begin to be coherent and intelligible by Hewitt’s arrival, which might occur at any moment..But Mrs. Geldard’s up at the house, so we’d better hurry up to the police station and have a few sent from there.		
He was on duty himself at the time, and he turned up the book containing an entry on the subject..’Twas not elivin when we lift; ’twas not, be the mother av Moses!” I wondher at ye, Dennis Grady; ye must have been dhrunk as a Kerry cow,” and both Mulcahy and Shanahan turned upon the obstinate Grady, and the dispute waxed clamorous till Hewitt stopped it..That’s no good.” They went to the third door, which stood ajar..There was a sad lack of oil everywhere, and all the bolts creaked; the lock in particular made a deal of noise, and when the key was half turned its bolt shot back with a loud thump..Do you know?” No, sir,” the policeman replied, it ain’t; though anyone might almost think it, to look at the garden.		
Well, my beat’s the other way.” There was a sound of angry voices in the direction of the nursery ground, and Hewitt made toward it..Hewitt followed him in the direction of the patient’s house, and met him returning..As he passed on his beat he had been called by three women, who had a light ladder planted against the windowsill of the room..The pane was replaced as well as the absence of fresh putty permitted, and five minutes later Hewitt was in a hansom bound for Crouch End..Why?		
