54 VIII..Ruts .164 XXVII..A County Meeting .237 XXIV.		
May Morn .242 XXXVII..Ah Me!.274 XVI..145 XVII.		
—The Lap of Peace .1 II..—A Wrestling Bout .352 XXXVI..—A Great Prize 		
311 XXXII..Combined Wisdom .335 XLVIII..The Position .313 XLVI.		
CHAPTER VIII..—At the Charge .80 XII..A Spider's Dinnerparty .190 XXX.		
THE RIGHT MAN IN THE RIGHT PLACE, .  .267 XLII..Kit .223 XXXIV.		
POLLY AT HOME, .  .430 LXIV..The English Lion .435 CRADOCK NOWELL A Tale of the New forest.		
The New Admiral .96 XI..IN THREE VOLUMES..FORCIBLE EJECTMENT, .  		
257 XLI..Cinnaminta .127 XXII..IN A STATE OF NATURE, .  		
203 XXXIV..Oakleaf Potatoes .14 IV..Masculine Error .342 XLIX.		
Rats .173 XXVIII..PAGE I. .  .FISHERMAN DAVY A FISH OUT OF WATER, 		
  .1 II..Boil no more .209 XXI..A RASH YOUNG CAPTAIN, 		
  .421 LXIII..TRUTH LIES SOMETIMES IN A WELL, .  .81 XVII.		
—Discussion .172 XXI..—Gentle as a Lamb .374 XXXVIII..Chapter 		
Page I..A LONG GOODBYE, .  .145 XXVI..The Motive 		
300 XLIV..—The Law of The Land .101 XIV..TAMING OF THE SAVAGES, .  		
368 LV..1 II..HE LANDS AN UNEXPECTED FISH, .  .12 V. 		
  .A LITTLE ORPHAN MERMAID, .  .15 VI..—Camelias 		
139 XVIII.."You have said: whether wisely or no, let the forest judge"..—Nicie .19 V. .—A Fair Bargain 		
28 VI..BY RICHARD DODDRIDGE BLACKMORE, "You have said: whether wisely or no, let the forest judge.".—Blackmarsh .184 XXII..The Pursuit of Science 		
25 V. .  "Grip" .43 VI..The Battle, and the Breeze .421 XLIV.		
—Doctors Three .37 VII..As You Like It, Act III..111 VII..True Science 		
54 VII..The Public of the "Public" .30 VII..A Stormy Night .110 XX.		
—The Schoolmaster Abroad .331 XXXIV..VOL..A FINE OLD GENTLEMAN, .  		
241 XXXIX..UNDER FAIRER AUSPICES, .  .227 XXXVII..WAITING AND LEARNING, 		
  .212 XXXV..113 XIV..Twentifold Towers .119 XIII.		
For Change of Air .75 IX..81 XI..Signs of Eminence .1 II.		
Comfort .199 XX..Throw Physic to the Dogs .206 XXXII..—Little Billy 		
128 XVII..UPON FOREIGN SERVICE, .  .374 LVI..A Spotted Dog 		
85 XVI..158 XVIII..—Friends and Foes .118 XVI..—A Fool's Errand 		
87 XIII..35 III..IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EVIDENCE, .  .70 XV.		
Cripps in Affliction .50 X..CONTENTS OF VOLUME I..A Delicate Subject .132 XXIII.		
MORE HASTE, LESS SPEED, .  .398 LIX..IN A ROCKY BOWER, .  		
403 LX..A VISIT TO A PARSON, .  .171 XXX..CHAPTER II.		
A Grand Smockfrock .91 XVII..MayDay .248 XXXVIII..PUBLIC APPROBATION, 		
  .97 XIX..And she presented the bride with a silver basket, fit either for flowers or fruit, and containing a very neat cheque for a hundred guineas..But he is one of the first boxers in England..It is as soft as milk.” No, not a drop.		
A tender remembrance?.You have broken contract; and if you were one of my workmen, I would pay you nothing..Nobody can explain such things.” Nobody can explain anything;” my uncle replied with his usual wisdom; look at me..She was tall, and straight, and of goodly presence, with fine large features, and a steadfast look, which expressed clear perception and strong resolve, but less violence of nature than her sister showed..‘Believe no man dead till he comes and proves it.’ But women can always believe what they wish.		
Which I do pretty sharp, as he knows to his credit..And like the great bulk of such people again, he was truly consistent in his own freedom from any loftier motives..Only half a pint each for the women, mind..They fell among the furze, and got patterns on their faces, and showed no gratitude to Nature for one of her best gifts..But about three days of it—that’s all there is.		
IN the calm May night, I left my desolate home, to learn the cause and meaning of its desolation..Don’t blame yourself, or her..Go and lie down, Kit; don’t you see you are in the way?.I’ll give you any undertaking you think fit..Now all was calm, and sunny silence, broken only by the lapping of the brook.		
The doctor has been ordering him change of air; and at last I persuaded him to go..You spoke very harshly to her, I know..How much have you won, Kit?.And the sweetest girl in London, too without any cheek or high faluting..Then I asked her, with my wrath turning into jealous pangs, about that old villain, who had dared to imagine that his wealth—if he had any—or at any rate his position, could bridge over the gulf between virtue and vice, loveliness and ugliness, sweet maidenhood and sour decrepitude of bad living.		
But if you could bring yourself, without feeling it too much, to tell me how that matter was, it would be a great satisfaction to me, and do me a lot of good, I do believe.” Well, my boy, it is a frosty night..Sergeant Biggs does not think much of himself; but Sunbury does, and it would stare to see him go on duty without any waistcoat or stock, or even a pair of braces on..But I whistled a tune, and went cheerfully along, for the night was beautiful, and the trees, still piled with blossom, rose against the starry sky, like cones of snow..That wasn’t arkerate, you know..But my spirit rose, and I jumped up, and faced him.		
And I was pleased that he did not in any way attempt to talk goody,” as our people call it, nor even refer to my lonely condition; though I knew by the softness of his manner that it was present to his mind..You have seen that I always take your part when people go to bully you..Tonks has been with him a deal too much..Why, she’ll want to be dining with us, the next thing!.But that sounds like the frontdoor bell!		
There were three cabs, or flies as they called them there, waiting in the station yard; for it is their busiest time of the day, and he chose Clipson’s, because the horse looked freshest, and told him to drive to Shepperton, without saying a word about the fare..Mrs. Wilcox received me very kindly, and I was glad to find her business thriving, and the sharp boy released from the pots, and growing very useful at the counter..Consider what a lot of that I shall have from the mother.” You can stand anything,” said the other, with a sigh; but I am not as tough as I used to be; and a row in the papers brings the duns in by the dozen..NONE..I must leave you to the light of nature, although he is rather a dark specimen.		
I am pretty tough; but it would have killed me, although I am no chatterbox..Then the master of the house appeared, and shook hands with Sam, and bowed to me..Being equally urged by love, and strong distrust of coming dangers, I did not lose a single day, but wrote to Miss Parslow by the very next post, because she required, and indeed deserved, to have a voice in all we did..Perhaps she was thinking of her own lovetime; which would rouse at once pity for me, and illwill towards the sister, who then had wronged her so..Altogether he was worth about twenty thousand pounds; which he justly intended for his only child.		
But you are below my contempt, and I wonder that I even deign to speak to you..We have never had a single word..Then he cut a caper round my feet, and with the innumerable laughter of his tail, fell fawning, and begged but a word from me..Then we’ll have Tilbury from Hampton, to see to the papering and painting, and all that..That makes all the difference.		
Glad to see you, sir, at any time, and if I should happen to be about the grounds, my nephew Kit will see to everything you want..In short, he looked more like a gentleman than I had ever known him look before; and seeing what a fine young man he was, I felt heartily glad that he had fixed his affections where they could not imperil mine..It ought to have been locked as well, of course; as Tabby Tapscott (who had the true feminine knack of hitting a blot) observed..You shall thank me as much as ever you like, when you have got your Kitty back again..Well, there are fools in this world!		
Then I gave up calling Kitty,” as I had been doing all along, till I ran upstairs to our pretty bedroom; and there I called for her once more..Run as far as Widow Cutthumb’s, and fetch half a dozen eggs..Now he wrote to my aunt that I was coming, according to her proposal, and he made Tabby Tapscott come up to the cottage, and pack up a few things for me, inasmuch as I had no one now to do it..It would never do to have a row with him, and to take him by the throat, as he deserves..Let us go to him, while he is by himself.		
They might just as well blame a dog for loving liver, or a cat for believing that heaven is milk, as fall foul of my Uncle Corny, because he ate the onions of very common jokes..I dare say you are surprised; such things are not done down at Sunbury..The great thing you want is nourishment,” she said, when I had made a noble dinner; people in the present age never attach sufficient importance to that point..It is easy enough to introduce a stranger, so that his name shall be still unknown; and Sir Cumberleigh, not being quick of hearing, received my name as Johnson.” On the turf?” he inquired; and Sam said, Yes; he has been on it every day this week;” which was true enough in one sense; and I longed to be back in a garden again, where we grow rogues, but nothing like so many..One was Sir Cumberance Hotchpots, or some such name, proving to be a wicked man from the North; and the other was her brother, as ought to be all over, according to the flesh of marriage, sir.		
Now look sharp!” exclaimed Uncle Corny, who was not at all concerned with Nature’s doings, except as they concerned his pocket..But for the good of others I was forced to put these fancies by, for we could not have found another spot so suitable for the poor sick child..What had he lost?.But you say that he is ill, that he has long been ill; and perhaps he will never be well any more..To make up for the want of other faults, she has that one to an extreme, you see.		
By these he was soon so swung about, and almost carried under, that the sandhills, where the people stood to watch him, stood still themselves, instead of slowly gliding by..At first I was uneasy, for if Kitty were to catch that complaint, after all her other troubles, was she likely to look well upon the bridal day?.But I am sure you will admit that I am reason itself, in asking you one or two little questions..Such a man of his word never lived, I do believe..But peartrees have been so, times out of mind, though never none but the younger ones.		
He was too wide awake for that..This rose I cut with the tender touch which a gardener uses boldly, and laid it on my drawingblock, so that each exquisite tinge and fringe and curve of radiant leaflet, as well as the swanlike bend of stalk and soft retirement of sepal, led up to the crowning beauty of the bloom above them..Kit has had everything regardless of expense, that our skilful Dr. Sippets recommended him..Kit is so kind and gentle to me..All was going on quite as well as I could wish, and old Robert Woodbridge was quite coming round to the coaxing of his lovely daughter, and the banns were to be put up just before the grass was cut, so that we might have our weddingday between the hay and wheat—when suddenly everything was thrown abroad, and both our lives were spoilt for ever.		
However, that sort of thing was out of Harker’s line; and I asked him a few questions, with a sovereign in my hand; at which he kept glancing, as a dog of better manners assures his master that he loves the hand ever so much more than the titbit inside it..Let me see; May the fourteenth, isn’t it?” No, Biggs, no..I have a right to ask, as she is in my charge..Wants to wash his mouth out..Ah, that ought to bring him out.		
However, in one way he showed good sense..Supposing she gets no letter by tomorrownight, what comes of it?” Why, a very great deal..By the side of the lane, an old oaktrunk (stretched high above the dip, and furnished with a broken handrail) showed that there must have been something to cross; though nobody now could remember it..It is such a fine thing..But let her get a letter from Master Hilaryand you would see what would come over her.” I have got it!		
This was not like Hilary..But do what he might, he could only cut a poor and sorry figure; and looking in the glass, he was frightened at his wan and worn appearance..And so did the Count, and everybody..Love, however warm and faithful, is all the better for a good clear fire, ere ever the snowdrops begin to spring..But you shall be obeyed, beloved one.		
My father has a bad headache today..Here was the place and time for a man to sit in the midst of his garden, and feel that the year was not gone in vain, nor his date of life lessened fruitlessly, and looking round with right good will, thank the Lord, and remember his father..They have given me no chance of trying..Sure enough now, try on Fridaysmarketday, as I am a man!” Well now, to think of that!” said Elias; what a fool I must have been, to keep on so with Saturday!.We are all so scattered about that no man has his own officer near him, and he don’t care a button for any others.		
But you have plenty of pride now, haven’t you?” II don’t know at all, I am sure; but I suppose I am the same as other girls.” If you thought that Lorraine was unworthy of you, you could make up your mind to forget him, I hope.” I never could do such a thing, because I never dream it of Hilary..Whatever my sport is, I shall call in and thank you, when I come back for my pony..I beg your pardon..I cannot imagine what he could mean..But you never were famous for good manners.” If I meddle with them again,” thought Gregory, may I be ‘adorned,’ as my father says!		
But she loved him all the more for that; and being herself of a stronger will, had grown (without any sense thereof) into a needful championship and vigilance for his good repute..Behind him, and strapped to his saddle, he bore what used to be called a vady;” that is to say, a small leather cylinder, containing change of raiment, and other small comforts of the traveller..The vanity of men surpasses even the love of women..From time to time she looked, and listened for her father’s galloway, and the heavy content of the summer night shed gentle patience round her..Also, she would let him know one thing.		
She felt that this money would do more good, as the property of the partidas, than as the pay of the British troops..I knew,     and my sister also knew, that your father could not be expected     to like it, or allow it, for a very long time to come..Only think how we should feel, Lorraine, if our own daughters were exposed so!” I haven’t got any daughters,” said Hilary, groaning with pain, perhaps at the thought..Being now in a calmer state of mind, she took from her desk a tress of long hair, the most valued of all her treasures..Poor Hilary!		
It was not in her nature to pretend to deceive anybody, and she found it harder, from day to day, to be right in all their trifles..and I should have the nettles then..AN UNWELCOME ESCORT..To send him out in a nasty sandy ship, when his birth were to go on horseback, the same as all the gentlefolks do to the wars!” But Mrs. Merryjack, you forget,” explained the accomplished Trotman, that Great Britain is a hisland, ma’am..‘My blood is blue because I have     no breeches,’ says one of their poets, feelingly; and that is     the case with all of them.		
But how is your very grand wedding to be?.The solicitors would be directed to waive the obvious objections, which might lead to mischief, or might not, according to circumstances..You call it a ‘bottlegreen’!.Mabel, Mab, all out here alone; and trying to hide from her own brother!” Gregory jumped from his horse, and caught her; and even in the waning light was frightened as she looked at him..Covering the ground at an active pace, and crossing the Woeburn by a treebridge (rudely set up where the old one had been) he strode through West Lorraine and Steyning, and over the hills to Pyecombe corner, where he took the Reigate coach; and he slept that night at Reigate.		
Why nobody wants to poison thee.” I think, sir, I saw your daughter go round the corner by the warmingpan, this side of where the broom hangs.” Then all I can say is, she is daft..I hope you have not taken anything likely to disagree with you..Perhaps the expression had passed away, while the substance settled inwards: but however that may have been, her face was pleasant, calm, and gentle..Perhaps she even enjoyed it a little..This he placed on a chair, and without any mystery, unlocked it.		
The Moorish origin, here and there, was boldly manifest among Spanish, French, and Italian handiwork, both of repair and enlargement..This day, she allowed the groom to chase her (like the black care that sits behind) until she had taken free burst of the hills, and longed to see things quietly..Therefore I will say ‘good evening.’” CHAPTER XXXVII..For suddenly he was surprised by a most disagreeable sense of grittiness, and then a keen stab in the roof of his mouth..With all the contempt that can be expressed by silence, when speech is expected, she kept on so briskly towards Bonny’s castle, that her suitor (who, in spite of all martial bearing, walked in the manner of a pigeon) became hard set to keep up with her.		
The Spanish officers took to him kindly, and so did the soldiers, and even the mules..He had not invested his mind as yet in implicit faith in anything; but rather was inclined to be tolerant, and tentative, and diffident of his own opinions..Well, you have me at your mercy, Mabel..There are many obstructions, no doubt, in its course, and many hollow places to fill up..In this condition of the gloomy air, and just when frost was hovering in the grey clouds before striking, Alice Lorraine came into her father’s bookroom, on the Christmaseve.		
Now run up, and see whether your poor cousin has eaten that morsel of anchovy toast..But missie slips away so quick like; I never can get hold of her..One was the character of Sir Roland; the other was the English courage and Norman spirit of Alice..He had been instructed to tie tight; and he was pleased to show now how tight he had tied, after his own remonstrance..Phyllis was often of a pensive cast, and she never looked better than in this mood, when she felt the deepest need of sympathy.		
Sir Roland also was becoming more and more reserved and meditative..At the ford, however, there was no sign of any British detachment, and the trumpeters sounded a flourish in vain..However, your father (as was right and natural on his part) felt a convictionas those low Methodists are always saying of themselvesthat there would be a hundred thousand pounds, to help him in what he was thinking of..Shot, come to heel this moment!” You are right,” said the captain; I shall do the same..And three weeks still is a long spell of time for the young to anticipate misery.		
But about this moneybag she saidis that what you ask, Sir Roland?.I am sure that you know what it is about..what is the use of it, if I am?.She ought to have a little more of wisdom..Senhor, is not that enough?		
For his mind was set out upon a track of thought, which it might have pursued until dinnertime..The suitor favoured by Mrs. Lovejoy was a young physician at Maidstone, Dr. Daniel Calvert, a man of good birth and connections, and having prospects of good fortune..I am quite out of breath with my long translation, and I am not quite sure of all of it..It is too great a risk to run.” Well, my dear mother, I must confess that your scheme is a very fine one..Betwixt herself and her grandmother there was little love lost, and still less kept; for each looked down upon the other from the heights of impartial duty.		
Not that I blames un, for what a can’t help..But come now, and sit in this chair, and tell me, if you please, Sir Remnant, how the poor things are getting onyour captain and my poor grandchild.” Well, madam, I need not tell a lady of your high breeding and experience; the maids of the present day are not at all the same thing as they used to be..So that he was one of the everdwindling class of franklins,” a class that has done good work for England, neither obtaining nor craving thanks..But we’m all right, howsomever it be..A filthy old tobaccopipe, and nothing elseno change whatever.		
