He threw his bag over and began shinnying up..And while he was trying to cash the check she gave him, she visited Dr. Buehl, to come back with a squad of quiet, refined strongarm boys who made sure Dane reached Buehl's "rest home" safely..When his proof was complete and irrefutable, he took it to his editorto be fired, politely but coldly..It would be easy to slip, to use an overdose of something, to make sure Dane was killed..Why shouldn't I?"		
He moved from shadow to shadow, his hair prickling along the base of his neck.."So I suppose I'm committed to your boobyhatch again?".And there were stories of corpses that had apparently fought and twisted in their coffins still..The shock treatmentor whatever Buehl would use under the name of shock treatmentwould begin at once..Fear was thick in his throat now.		
Dane had spent ten years in fear of being discovered by themand now Buehl had him..He was too late..*       *       *       *       * It could have been worse..Promise to be quiet and we'll release you.."Yeah," Dane agreed.		
But it must have been only some animal..There was no way of guessing what an alien might do to anyone who discovered that all men were not humanthat some were ... zombies..It had seemed to work, too..They had thought of everything, including a coat to cover his dirtsoiled clothes as they took him up the elevator to where Buehl and Sylvia were waiting for him..Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. Then he met Sylvia by accident after losing his fifth joba girl who had inherited a fortune big enough to spread his message in paid ads across the country.		
But that wouldn't matter.."No, I guess I didn't really expect anything..This time we'll have to use shock treatment..It was logical enough to shake Dane's faith, until he came across Milo Blanding's picture in a magazine article on society in St. Louis..He might have guessed.		
Even if he could drag back what he might find, without the change being completed, they wouldn't accept the evidence..There are monsters who come back from the dead!.He reached them at last, fumbling them open..The works, if what he knew of psychiatry was correct..He was operating on purely automatic habits now, the reaction from the night and his failure numbing him emotionally.		
"You can pick up your pay on the way out.."Hey, Burke, there's no corpse here!".It had been worse before..There was a pause and then a sigh..An exaggerated reaction, but nothing really abnormal.		
"Let him go..What else could he do?.There were still accounts of corpses turned up with the nails and hair grown long in the grave..Even if we could get the order without causewhich we can't!".It was difficult, but he made it finally, dropping onto the soft grass beyond.		
Nor was Harding aloneDane found enough evidence to know there were others.."So what?.Or there were ways of making sure it didn't matter..You'll find your clothes in that room..Burke's words killed any hopes Dane had at once.		
At Dane's sickened nod, he gestured to the others..Other editors were less polite..What was it like for an alien then, going slowly mad while it waited for true death?.He shivered..*       *       *       *       * There were no warning sounds this timeonly hands that slipped under his arms and across his mouth, lifting him easily from the grave.		
And they called him a fanatic!.Dane tried the window again, but it was hopeless.."But after seeing your father, you can't associate blood with yourselfyou see it as a horrible wound on Harding..Again, a sound in the darkness above left him hovering and sick in the hole..And make it quick, before I change my mind and call the boys in white!"		
A match flared briefly and he was looking into the face of Buehl's chief strongarm man..It would be dark enough for him to taxi out to Oakhaven Cemetery, where Blanding had been buried..He swung the lid up and began groping for the camera..The man beamed paternally, chuckling as he added what he must have considered the clincher..The aliens would get him, of course, when the story broke, but a warned humanity could cope with them.		
Then you come to from a concussion..He uncovered the top of the casket with hands already blistering..It had taken Dane two days of crawling and hiding to get back to his group, too exhausted to report Harding's death..Under different circumstances ... "So you found me?".But he went on doggedly trying and failing.		
But he'd been less lucky about HardingBlanding..You know it was a nightmare, but you don't really believe it even now.."I'm afraid so, Danefor a while, anyhow..Would it be Harding thereor some monstrous thing still changing?.He'd seen Blanding's coffinand the big, solid metal casket around it that couldn't be cracked by any amount of effort and strength.		
And that literalminded self, your subconscious, saw him after he died..He gave up trying to understand their alien motivations..But they had thought of everything..He couldn't be sure..Okay?"		
What happened when a creature that could survive even the poison of embalming fluids and the draining of all the blood woke up in such a coffin?.Where else was there the chance for all the refined, modern torture needed to burn out a man's mind?.Lack of a clearer pattern of attack made him consider the possibility of human mutation, but such tissue was too wildly different, and the invasion had begun long before atomics or Xrays..You'll feel better.".I checked up on him.		
All men are mortal; Harding is not mortal; therefore, Harding is not a man!.An alien could have gotten away by simply committing suicide and being carried from the rest home, but Dane had to do it the hard way, watching his chance and using commando tactics on a guard who had come to accept him as a harmless nut..We'll have you out of here in no time.".The U. N. has ruled that whoever comes back first with mapping surveys can claim the territory mapped..Bill sighed, scratching unconsciously, and made his way somehow out to his suit, climbing into it.		
There was no room for pacing up and down.."Where do you want me to put down?".Fifteen minutes..He'd have to relay that information back to the medics..It simply unbalanced him, without really relieving the itching.		
The metal sheets were fine..Men had developed immunity to the germs found on Earth; but just as smallpox had proved so fatal to the Indians and syphilis to Europe when they first hit, there was no telling how wildly this might progress.."We've got another missile coming, with metal foil for the maps and photosplus a small copying camera..He checked the dust tray again, tried figuring out other orbits, managed to locate the Moon, and scratched..The doctor picked up as they went along.		
That took less than five minutes.."Look, next time..They could pick up his corpse and cremate it at the same time, for all he cared right now.."We're.....There was no response to his signals.		
You're about out on your feet.".He'd begun to notice the itching yesterday; today he was breaking out in the rash..Bill thought it over, his head thick..The rash seemed to get worse on his body as he looked at it..At the end, the doctor was helping him.		
But keep us informed if anything slips..He looked for something to do, but found nothing..The salves had helped the itching a little, but not much..The doctor was young, and obviously scared, but fighting his fear.."I don't knowdon't think so, but I didn't look."		
But on contacting Earth by radar, he was assured that that might be expected.."And how about having those doctors ready?".Moonwalking was tricky until you learned how..But somebody had been in a hurry for volunteers, and given the man no basic training at all..He'll set down in about nine hours.		
"You think you can land here with whatever you've got, man?.Then his stomach began showing distress signs..Some plant irritant, like poison ivy?.The suit was put on and off with automatic machine grapples, so he couldn't have touched it..He dragged out the photo and copying equipment, under a red light.		
The supplies that had already been sent up by the superfast unmanned missiles would give him something to do, at least..Two other nations have ships out now..He knew that..Holding control was the hardest job he'd ever done.."Earth to Mars Rocket I.		
He tried shifting the supplies around on his back, getting them to press against the spots of torment as he walked..He began to feel worse..The tubes might burn out in continuous firing..This time, he stumbled also as he made his way across the powdery rubble..Bill wiped the sweat off his forehead, scratched at other places that were itching, and stared down at the small disk of Earth.		
We've got a doctor coming over, Adams..He got up shakily, moving toward the dust trap that had been running steadily..They could send cutting equipment with the doctor and pick up the things later..He let the grapples hook the suit off him as soon as the outer seal was shut and went into a whirling dervish act..Give all details!"		
That helped him get his emotions under control..I started to bring them..They were as much in the dark about this as he was, but they had a better background for guessing and trial and error..Ames caught his arm..You can print them right on the metal, seal that in a can, and leave it for the rocket that's bringing the doctor.		
Down there, men would be sweating with him, going crazy trying to do something..He paused for a final good scratch, and then the grapples took over..All he wanted was a chance to get over this disease before it killed him..Those symptoms are perfectly normal.".He began, giving all the information he had, from the first itching through the rash and the fever.		
He'd written up the accounts..We'll get a medical kit up to the Moon for you."."Your symptoms make no sense," he summarized..He yanked out his bunk and slumped into it, curling up as much as the itching would permit..But his face was still sober.		
We're rushing the construction, but we need the ship for the second run if we're to claim our fair territory..Halfway to the supplies he felt the itching come back, and he slithered and wriggled around, trying to scratch his skin against his clothing..But somehow they made the ship, and were getting out of the suitsBill first, then the doctor, using the grapples under Bill's guidance..Things were a little worse when the first squeals came from the radar two days later..He flushed it down, his head turning in circles, and went to the radar.		
Then he swore, gulping down more of the pills where they were waiting for him..Again, longer this time, the main station hesitated..Bill swore, but he was in his suit when the missile landed, heading out across the pumicecovered wastes toward it..And if the bugs in him happened to like tachiomycetin, he wouldn't be too much worse off..Yeah, insert the cat's fur brushes under the.... Cat's fur?		
He groped into the supplies, hoping there would be replacements.."I've got a feeling some are due to one thing, some to another..They'd already been busy, he saw, as he teetered down on his jets for a landing on Tycho..May not help, but we're trying a mixture of the antibiotics..And where were they getting a doctor crazy enough to take a chance with him?		
But the other man was making no real progress at all..Like an automaton, he bent forward, his other hand groping for the mirror that should be in one of the drawers..Antigravity!” His voice was unbelieving as he turned his head to face the older man..An immortal man had suddenly found death hovering on his trail..Amanda probably would be willing to marry him; she’d hinted at a date once.		
Earth was becoming a backwater world; no real progress had been made in two centuries; the young men were sent out as soon as their first fifty years of education were finished, and the older men were too conservative for really new thinking..That missile reached Sirius in less than ten days..He’d only skimmed the report, but this made no sense..Heroism had belonged to those who knew their days were numbered, anyhow..Now there was no escaping it.		
I spent the night at Medical Center going up the ranks until I found men who really know about it..He got up once to stare at himself in the mirror..Cobb wants you to come to his office at once, sir,” he said, dropping to his knee to help Giles with his shoes..Eternity!.Then it was no longer necessary to frighten himself.		
He felt choked, imprisoned, somehow lost; the city beyond the window blurred as he studied it, and he swung the chair back so violently that his hand jerked painfully on the forelock he’d been twisting..*       *       *       *       * OUTSIDE ON the street, he looked up at the Sun and then at the buildings built to last for thousands of years..For everybody, not just you.” It was no consolation..Geriatric knowledge is still on record..He listened as Giles stumbled out his story.		
He was passing near the club and started to slow..He snapped the switch and saw the screen light up, with the people still in the odd, wheelless vehicle on the alien planet..Maybe in two centuries we’d have a through route charted to Sirius..If he looked that bad— But Jordan wasn’t looking at him; the man’s interest lay in the projected picture from Harry, across the desk from the communicator..Suppose he couldn’t rejuvenate all the way?		
The hollows were still there and the circles under his eyes..He was getting positively childish!.He’d grown old and he’d grow older..A statement that lightning had never struck a house was no guarantee that it never would..What he needed was a good night’s sleep after a little relaxation.		
How—how long?” Cobb spread his hands unhappily..Giles had almost forgotten it, but there was still the same grin there..I was one of the first million cases, when a lot of people couldn’t rejuvenate at all, and I had no trouble even then.” Cobb considered it, hesitated as if making up his mind to be frank against his better judgment..Dr..Would that reduce the slice of eternity that rejuvenation meant?		
And the effect is cumulative..The worry nagged at him all the way back..We know the drive works..Even such things as cancer could be willed out of existence—provided the brain could be reached far below the conscious level and forced to operate..Giles nodded, got out and headed down the hall uncertainly.		
He looked no better the next morning when he finally dragged himself up from the little sleep he’d managed to get..I can’t see any other explanation..Others involved complicated little gadgets that ran over his body, while meters bobbed and wiggled..Their eternity was no longer a part of him..Just how bad did he look?		
So we can send a message on the shuttle, begging for their secret in a couple of hundred years!.And we still wouldn’t have proved it safe for human pilots..It was none of their business..He could feel it..There were other white strands in his dark hair.		
Maybe if we put in stronger signaling transmitters....” Yeah..He wasn’t ready to face Jordan yet..Surely you didn’t think people could miss that in this day and age?.Funny, he couldn’t picture really losing his temper here..Maybe trying family life again would give him some new interests.		
That’s all for now, Mr. Giles..He fought that off, but he couldn’t escape the nagging doubts at the doctor’s words..He barely mentioned being married on the way or his dozen children, but filled most of the frame with glowing description and a plea for his father to join him there!.Rats don’t have minds that could show any real damage such as the loss of power to rejuvenate..Drat it!		
Now he managed the club on a level of quasiequality with the members..But at last they were through and he was led into the quiet rejuvenation room, where the clamps were adjusted about his head and the earpieces were fitted..*       *       *       *       * GILES TRIED to stop scaring himself and partially succeeded, until he reached the doctor’s office..*       *       *       *       * COBB APPEARED himself, before the nurse could take over, and led Giles into a room with an oldfashioned desk and chairs that almost concealed the cabinets of equipment beyond..We’ll know by then whether you’ll need more treatment.		
Find me one volunteer..And even if Exodus ever got the superlight drive working, there was no reason he should give up his work..He had no desire to spend ninety years cooped up with a bunch of callow young emigrants, even in one of the improved Exodus shuttles..He groped for the lines and couldn’t remember..In the future, men would need the superlight drive if they were to span much more of the Universe than now.		
We’ve got a longer time scale than we used to have—but it’s in centuries, not in eons..Presetting a course may take centuries, if we can ever master it..Today, though, nothing seemed to help..Now that he knew there was reason for his fear, it seemed to vanish, leaving a coldness that numbed him..Then it had required months of mental training, followed by crude mechanical and drug hypnosis for other months.		
They went down the hall to another office, where Giles waited outside while Cobb conferred with another doctor and technician, with much waving of charts..He was still young—one of the few under a hundred who’d escaped deportation because of special ability—and patience was still foreign to him..He remembered once when he’d had a cold, before they finally licked that; Harry had been a complete nuisance, running around with various nostrums, giving him no peace..It may take longer, but eventually we’ll find a way..Only his youngest son would have sent an elaborate tercentenary greeting verse—one that would arrive ninety years too late!		
