He walked to the window, gazed outside and reconciled himself to what would come: "There lies the road to Bab en Nebi Daud, and that way goes to Bab el Amud.	With the victory never tipping to their side, the Hebronite musicians had no chance to play their instruments.	His words resounded.	Jew Eppstein kept on joking: "Well, would that be really bad for me?"	You promised me!"	Now, may I leave you again?	We were served excellent Hebron wine, a bottle of which cost one franc.	Bewildered, Mustafa pressed further: "Art?	Disappointedly, the man asked: "Isn't that too few?"	What I have on now is not bold enough.	The Pasha now drew closer to Mustafa and asked: "Who are you?	In a flash, the face of the Pasha became serious again, almost threatening: "No speech of yours can gain the boy's pardon.	We were given a beautiful, cool, domed room that had two broadly curved arches.	My brother had simply disappeared.	To make up for lost time, the horses fell into a trot.	Here is the money that I borrowed.	You were supposed to come tomorrow.	"You guessed correctly.	Yet the sin does not stem from the price that he demands.	At the height of four meters, this tree begins to fork and to form immense boughs.	Should I contact a reliable rent-a-donkey business for the trip you're planning?"	One of her sunburned, delicate hands held a few long-stemmed Canterbury-bell flowers.	At this point, our festive procession would begin to move-half of us ahead and half trailing.	Something inside him stopped.	Abd en Nom's house was located near the site of Lazarus' Grave.	In spite of this threat, the boy had to laugh as he answered:  "No thoughts?	In a softer and more confidential tone, he officially put forth this question: "Yesterday evening, did you also think that I would receive a good thrashing?	I have always said this, so I'll continue to repeat it: If the faith of these people were pure and noble, then they would not find it necessary to keep others away from their shrines."	In light of the tragically comical, apprehensive demeanor of mules, it really was impossible to keep a straight face.	Just think!	At this point, he handed her the cane, stepped back, and beckoned her to proceed.	The Pasha asked who she was.	The boy spoke up: "I've changed my mind; there will be more than two.	Isn't that laughable?"	"We should leave quickly."	I asked how much it cost for the fifteen cups of coffee.	The trader picked it up and showed it to us.	He answered promptly:  "I'm Judas Maccabees, and I have a vendetta against the Syrians.	Who's right?	We were happy to oblige: "If it's OK with you, we have no objection to Thar coming with us."	There's something very necessary that I must do.	I placed my hand on his shirt collar and brought him into the adjoining room: "I believe it's best that Schamah and her mother don't know that you and the Donkey Driver secretly instigated this part of their visit to Jerusalem.	Understand that my Coffee Helper Bem and my dark-skinned cook are a married couple.	"Yes, Thar!	He happily called out: "So, if you'll permit me, I'll accompany you.	With a kind of superior look, his eyes glided over us: "All of you simply stand and marvel!	As for the rest, I had to do this by myself; she has no talent to do more."	As we came still closer to the garden house, we heard Thar's angry voice as he shouted to his father: "No!	Add to this a second, almost equally deep sorrow and inner-soul- excitement which we were yet to discover.	Effendi, please tell me what I said."	She wanted to take a few pictures at the Pool of Siloam and a couple of photos in Bethany.	"I still have something to tell you; today is Friday, a holiday.	"You don't like that?"	His two sons were there, both of whom we recognized from Thar's description of them: "the largest Whale that we have and the strongest Hippo that ever was."	In his psyche, he himself was used to doing a lot of soul-searching.	Her voice sounded soft and tender, yet strikingly moving.	Don't you see the Red Sea that is right in front of you?	As you know, I'm a hero.	We are true, absolute, and obedient believers of the Prophet.	She and her young daughter were on a pilgrimage to the holy cities of Bethlehem and Jerusalem.	So Jacob erected a memorial upon her grave;  to this day, Rachel's monument is still there."	Of course, she followed him.	I couldn't tolerate that sort of contempt, because such insolence involved behavior that I wanted to bypass and avoid completely.	His laughter was so contagious that we could not help but join him.	I demand that he be punished!"	Thar vaulted onto the back of Guewerdschina and said: "I'm riding with you.	Regarding the local hatred of Christians which every German assumes to be the case, he very weakly subscribed to that prejudice.	He levies a tax on whomever he wants.	Later on, no one could find out where he went.	He began to read the following lines: "You are all Canaanites: Hittites, Jebusites , Girgashites, Hivites, people of Arka, Amorites, Sidonians, Phenicians, those from Zemar, Arvadians, Hamathians, and all others dwelling in Zidon.	Laughingly, he closed the matter with words about his darling Trickster's capers: "He was his mother's 'chosen one.'	Where then?"	With this last sum, he closed his hand and made a movement as if he wanted to pocket the money.	Quite softly, faintly, gently- like the sound is falling from heaven.	Mustafa Bustani pleaded his case: "According to Islam, hospitality belongs to those who are virtuous, and no one is released from this obligation."	When Schamah's mother heard all of this, her fear reached its peak.	For a moment, he reflected, then bowed to her and replied that he would grant her request-but not before the count of ten which he had dictated.	Incredulous, the father inquired further: "How so?	They go by these names: Hittites, Jebusites, Girgashites, Hivites, people of Arka, Amorites, Sidonians, Phenicians, those in Zemar, Arvadians, Hamathians, and all others dwelling in Zidon.	Since he comes from Germany, he speaks German exceptionally well.	"Well now, where did you find all of the heroes?"	Every other creature, whether man or beast, risked destruction.	From the inner pocket of his vest, he took out a small notebook and gave it to me.