124.)	The Vision from the Hill-top.	Women are heirs of life as well as men ... they must all give an account of their stewardship and are to be possessors of life and light and grace and the gospel of Christ, and to labour in it and to keep their liberty and freedom in it as well as the men.	(C. J., I., p.	Here thou wilt see the mercies of God made manifest in death.	Whatever ye are addicted to, the tempter will come in that thing; and when he can trouble you then he gets advantage over you, and then ye are gone.	Consecrated Ground.	194-5.)	Beware of Worldly Entanglements.	But my message unto them was from the Lord that they might all come together again and wait to feel the Lord's power and spirit in themselves to gather them to Christ, and to be taught of him who says, learn of me.	(_Works_, VIII., p.	What?	So that none that are raw or weak, that are not able to give a testimony of the affairs of the church and truth may go on behalf of the particular meetings to the quarterly meetings, but may be nursed up in your monthly meetings and there fitted for the Lord's service.	Meeting Days.	Stand still in that which shows and discovers, and there doth strength immediately come.	(C. J., I., p.	(_Works_, IV., p.	So the son of God within riseth through death to destroy death in man.	All friends to be kept cool and quiet in the power of the Lord God and all that is contrary will be subjected, the lamb hath the victory, the seed is the patience.	The justices whispered together and bid the goaler take us away and so the goaler brought us away and almost all the people followed us out of the court and it was a mighty day for the truth.	And the least member in the church hath an office and is serviceable and every member hath need of another.	Discerners of Spirits.	Now concerning those that do go to the Quarterly Meeting as representatives, they must be substantial friends that can give a testimony of your sufferings and how things are amongst you in every particular meeting.	For they were both meet-helps and they were both to have dominion over all that God made.	Honour.	83.)	In that light which shows thee all this, stand.	There is the danger and there must be the fear and the patience.	When I was in prison, diverse professors came to discourse with me; and I had a sense, before they spoke, that they came to plead for sin and imperfection.	For a man that would be great and goes beyond his estate, lifts himself up, runs into debt and lives highly of other men's means; he is a waster of other men's, and a destroyer.	218-219.)	And the priest said there might be a perfection as Adam and a falling from it and I said there was a perfection in Christ beyond Adam and should never fall; and it was the work of the ministers of Christ to present every man perfect in Christ and for the perfecting of them they had their gifts from Christ and they that denied perfection they denied the work of ... (illegible) the gifts of Christ who was for that end for the perfecting, broken.	96.)	They draw people unto the letter and tell them it is the word and to hearken to them who speak their vain imaginations of it.	(_Works_, VII., p.	(C. J., Vol.	18.)	So if he be not subjected with the power in the particular which would arise into the strife, that is dangerous.	And therefore they said our religion lay in such things but our answer was, nay, for though the spirit of God led into that which was comely and decent and from chambering and wantonness and from sporting and pastimes and feasting as in the day of slaughter and from wearing costly apparel as the apostle commands and from the world's honour fashions and customs.	So if anyone have a moving to any place and have spoken what they were moved of the Lord, return to their habitation again and live in the pure life of God and fear of the Lord.	(C. J., I., p.	Concerns to Travel Abroad.	None is worthy to have the name of a magistrate that is proud, peevish, selfish, crabbed; or that is wilful or wicked or that is heady or high-minded; for the higher power is to chain such from their intents and mischievous ends that they would do and wrong the innocent with their unrighteous intents; and such as touching judgment are blind, that be perverse and full of ambition and pride, such forgets God and he is not in their thoughts, these feel not the burden that the innocent bears and groans under; for such as be there be in that nature that burdens the just in particular and in the general; before whose eyes the fear of God is not, who makes a prey upon the just....	And now all friends, all your meetings, you do know that you have felt both His power and spirit and wisdom and blessed refreshing presence among you and in you to his praise and glory and your comfort so that you have been a city set on a hill that cannot be hid.	And the glory of the Lord did shine over all.	I., p. 63, from MSS.)	All such as preach the light and walk in darkness, and preach the spirit (the fruits of which are love and peace) and are in enmity, were never owned by God, nor Christ, nor good men, though they may be called Christians.	So I declared to the people that I came not to hold up their idols, temple, tithes nor priests but to declare against them and opened to the people all their traditions and that piece of ground was no more holy than another piece of ground and that they should know that their bodies were to be the temples of God and Christ and so to bring them off all the world's hireling teachers to Christ their free teacher and directing them to the spirit and grace, and the light of Jesus that they might know both God and Christ and the Scriptures.	But O!	(C. J., I., p.	(C. J., I., p.	Pleading for Unholiness.	For the fellowship is in the light, and the unity is in the spirit, and that is the bond of peace amongst people.	152.)	Possessing the Scriptures.	Relationships.	Blessed be his name for ever.	(_Works_, VIII., p.	39.)	To All that be in the Fall.	Enslaved Races.	Keep your meetings in the power of the Lord God ... that all uncleanness whatsoever may, by the power of the Lord, be brought down and rooted out; and that such have no rule nor authority amongst you, though they be never so fair or excellent of speech.	Burning a Witch.	The Word.	193.)	And take heed of lightness.	(_Works_, VIII., p.	And so, now you that are settled in those parts, who have had a testimony from the Lord to bear to people of the truth, you should spread abroad God's eternal truth; and have meetings (as I said before) with the Indian Kings and people; so that all the earth may come to look unto the Lord for salvation.	I, p. 110, slightly condensed.)	As the light appeared, all appeared that is out of the light; darkness, death, temptations, the unrighteous, the ungodly; all was manifest and seen in the light.	Therefore keep in Christ and walk in him.	(_Ibid._) Oh therefore let not the mind go forth from God; for if it do it will be stained, venomed and corrupted.	That which is hasty discerns not the good seed.	He that hath the son of God he hath life eternal; and he that had not the son of God let him profess all the Scriptures from Genesis to Revelation he had not life.	(_Works_, VII., p. 144, condensed.)	For it is a bad savour and must be kept down and be kept subject.	For I saw he had a flashy empty notion of religion.	Hold forth God's sword to all people under you and not your own wills.... Seek first the Kingdom of God that he may rule in your own hearts over your pride, over your passion, over lust, over covetousness, over respect of persons and over all unrighteousness.	(_Works_, VIII., p.	And so when I came into the goaler's house the goaler said, Gentlemen, you are all set at liberty and you know I must have my fees, but give me what you will, which a great service to the truth it was.	Concerning Women.	O Friends, do not die from the good through the wantonness of fleshly lusts, neither be choked with the cares of this life, nor fear the shearers, neither let the heat scorch your green blade; but dwell under the shadow of the Almighty who will shade you from the heat and cold.	And the elder women in the truth were not only called elders, but mothers.