Look here, he took a servant from the rectory; I saw him.” “So he ought,” said Frances.	“'Let us go,' she said, and blindly I followed her.	They can't expect to stand a bad time.	She was silent again.	He passed down the narrow little passage, which she called a hall, of the seven and sixpenny house which was his first home.	“No!” she cried.	There was a self-conscious strain in his blue eyes, and a pallor about his mouth, where the young, fair moustache glistened.	I came out to listen to it.	A very large, tipsy man, with his cap over his eyes, was calling.	For a little way I carried her into the trees.	I'll do my best for him.” He grinned to himself, in a very bad temper.	That was all.	“What am I frightened of him for?	“You will miss him,” said Mr Lindley, “that is certain.	And he wanted still more intensely to go right away, to Canada.	I saw it was black and rough.	Inside his breast was a pain like a wound.	She went cold as she sat, and impervious, almost as if she had become stone.	Then she laughed.	After a while she calmed herself, rose, and sponged her face.	Did you find it dead?” he asked.	And all the while she had the insupportable feeling of being out of the order, self-responsible, bewildered.	“What I am, I am; and let it be enough,” he thought.	He could only hold her against his chest that was white-hot with love and belief in her.	He would have to get all his plans ready.	In such a rage I was I swung my limbs to torture till I fell sick with pain.	“'Would I were your dog,' said I.	But now she was out of it, uncontrolled and troubled.	After a time she heard the hard tread of her husband on the floor below, and, without herself changing, she registered his movement.	By and by the vicar came in.	Bachmann watched the blind foot groping in space for the ladder, and he felt the world fall away beneath him.	But in two of them was the one will, that Bachmann should stay with Emilie.	Down this path, past the well, and out by the white gate.” “But that's not the public road.” “I suppose not.	It would be hard to get near to Mr Colbran.	Mr Massy blinked at him.	“I'll go tomorrow to Barford.” A Fragment of Stained Glass Beauvale is, or was, the largest parish in England.	Indeed, she was a great deal free of him.	Unfortunately his smile would not go over his swollen eye, which remained grave and lurid.	Hilda appeared last, and the clumsy, raw-boned clergyman rose to meet her.	There, in a cloud of smoke, she found Whiston playing cribbage.	She went upstairs.	“'Give me your hand,' said I.	She had almost gained the corner of the house when a heavy step came crunching through the trees.	She went about very quietly.	They were looking gloomily at the factory, and for a moment did not notice the girls.	He stood and gazed, leaning against a tree.	He was kind, and almost anxiously considerate.	Louisa knew the ways of the working people.	“What do you find to like in him?” he said, with a hot heart.	“Yet,” he said, “it was you who sent me the way I have gone.” “I!” she exclaimed, in pride.	His head was thrust forward, sunk a little between his powerful shoulders, and the strong jaw was pushed out aggressively.	And then she knew he would speak.	In her time, Miss Mary received as governess a few little daughters of tradesmen; Miss Louisa managed the house and went among her father's church-goers, giving lessons on the piano to the colliers' daughters at thirteen shillings for twenty-six lessons.	“Come away from the door, Jack,” he said, ineffectually.	She looked apart from him and his world, gazing away to the sea.	Inside was a tangle of twisted débris, the iron, in parts red with bright rust, looking still hot; the charred wood was black and satiny; from dishevelled heaps, sodden with water, a faint smoke rose dimly.	When she recovered, she lay translated in the peace of satisfaction.	If she had let herself, she would have hated him, hated his padding round the house, his thin voice devoid of human understanding, his bent little shoulders and rather incomplete face that reminded her of an abortion.	There came into his consciousness a small, foreign sensation.	At home they would need her, now Mary had come.	What was the worth of speaking any more of it?	He felt afraid of her as she sat there, as he began to grow conscious of her.	“Where's it from?” “Beauvale records—fifteenth century.” “Beauvale Abbey,” I said; “they were only very few, the monks.	It gave her a delightful, mischievous sense of liberty.	It had an uncertain, timid look about it.	He looked up as she came in, and she shrank from his face.	“And he's got it?” “Yes.” “What does he mean by that?” She lifted her shoulders.	She hurt him so deeply.	“I thought I did,” he replied.	There was a strange impersonality about his low, exultant call that appealed to her irresistibly.	She was the beauty and the clever child of the family.	Frances knew what she was about.	What was he, as he sat there in his pit-dirt?	The young clergyman was keenly expected.	She did not think about her husband.	“No.	She would not feel, and she would not feel.	Men's low voices answered.	Suddenly, from one of her lapses into silence, she exclaimed: “Why if there isn't Mr Jack!” Lois turned suddenly and saw her brother and her lover approaching her.	Louisa was busy.	But you can't get out of it as easy as that.	She was a pretty little thing, with her fleecy, short black hair all tousled.	And then, calmed, she looked up.