He in the forefront, tallest of the tall,     Poleaxe in hand, unhinging at a stroke     The brazen portals, made the doorway fall,     And wide-mouthed as a window, through the oak, A panelled plank hewn out, a yawning rent he broke.	He spake, and quickly snatched from Vesta's shrine The deathless fire and wreaths and effigy divine.	My food--hard berries that the boughs supply,     And roots of grass.	So now, though passion and indignant hate     Prompt to engage, his mandate they obey,     And bar each inlet, and secure each gate, And, armed, in sheltering towers their enemies await.	Which way to wander, whither to return?	Have the sword     And flames of Troy avenged me but in vain?	So, mad with Fate,     Blood-stained Orestes flees his mother's ghost,     Armed with black snakes and firebrands; at the gate The avenging Fiends, close-crouched, the murderer await.	Thy corpse defiled,     Thy mangled limbs--where are they?	Hermes cried,     "And stay to beautify thy lady's town, And dote on Tyrian realms, and disregard thine own?	"Nay, if the ninth fair morning show fine day,     And bring the sunshine, be a match decreed     For Teucrian ships, their swiftness to essay.	Far and nigh     Beneath his thundering wheels the heaving main     Sinks, and the waves are tranquil, and on high Through flying storm-drift shines the immeasurable sky.	Hung in a loop around his shoulders lies     A filthy gaberdine.	LXV.	Full many a prince from Latium far and wide,     And all Ausonia had essayed in vain     To win the fair Lavinia for his bride.	No more     He heeds such timid prey, but longs to hear     The tawny lion, issuing with a roar Forth from the lofty hills, and front the foaming boar.	So raves AEneas, victor of the war,     His sword now warmed, and many a foeman dies.	Make her thine, I pray,     And safely through the doubtful air convey.'	What end of standing?	Sweat streams from every pore,     And, black with dust, from all his limbs descends.	First foe,     Fell Lagus, doomed an evil fate to dree.	LXII.	"First, Heaven and Earth and Ocean's liquid plains,     The Moon's bright globe and planets of the pole,     One mind, infused through every part, sustains;     One universal, animating soul     Quickens, unites and mingles with the whole.	I obey; Lead on, my son, I yield and follow on thy way.'	"Long have I wished to show thee, face to face,     Italia's sons, that thou might'st joy with me     To hail the new-found country of our race."	O fatherland!	Flushed with the death of Geryon, came this way     Alcides, glorying in the victor's meed,     And hither drove his mighty bulls to feed.	These search the flint-stones for the seeds of flame, Those point to new-found streams, or scour the woods for game.	Ah pity!	As in the broad air warring winds begin     The battle, matched in strength and rage, nor they,     The winds themselves, nor clouds nor sea give way,     All locked in strife, and struggling as they can,     And long in doubtful balance hangs the day,     So meet the ranks, and mingle in the van, And foot clings close to foot, and man is massed with man.	Here lies our home.	A panther's skin supplies     His scarf, hung leftward, and his watchful ward, Two dogs, the threshold leave, and 'company their lord.	Sick, gasping, spent, his weary neck he tends;     Loose o'er his bosom floats the beard unbound.	Let yon false Dardan with remorseful eye     Drink in this bale-fire from the deep, and sigh     To bear the omens of my death."	'Tis not in me the fatal hour to stay.	Where that hand So oft to Turnus pledged, thy kinsman of the land?	XXV.	Our shape the Mother, pitying, changed and gave     Immortal life, to spend beneath the wave.	Come then, all,     And give such worth due honour.	Spars hand through hand, and tempts to the attack,     One, nimbler-footed, on his youth relies;     Entellus' strength is in his limbs and size.	Proud stalks the phantom, gladdening in the van,     With darts provokes him, and with words defies.	LIV.	But for her promised loyalty to the dead Sychaeus, she must have yielded (1-36).	Loud shrieks are heard, and wails of the distrest,     The souls of babes, that on the threshold cry,     Reft of sweet life, and ravished from the breast,     And early plunged in bitter death.	CXII.	Once Hector's co-mate, proud at Hector's side     To wind the clarion and the sword to wield.	"Lo, these who think a paltry wall can save,     A narrow ditch can thwart us,--these, so bold,     With but a span betwixt them and the grave!	From the loins he came     Of Vulcan, and his huge mouth evermore     Spewed forth a torrent of Vulcanian flame; Proudly he stalked the earth, and shook the world's fair frame.	"Though greater than the great Achilles he,     Though, like Achilles, Vulcan's arms he wear,     Fain will I meet him.	XXXII.	One shouting troop young Priam's lead obeys,     Thy son, Polites, from his grandsire hight,     And born erelong Italia's fame to raise.	Fame is, that Daedalus, adventuring forth     On rapid wings, from Minos' realms in flight,     Trusted the sky, and to the frosty North     Swam his strange way, till on the tower-girt height     Of Chalcis gently he essayed to light.	They bound along the main, And soon with gladdening hearts the well-known shore attain.	XXXVIII.	LVI.	Strange sons--so Latin oracles conspire--     Shall come, whose offspring shall exalt our line.	To AEneas go,     And take these gifts.	With tears his comrades lifted from the ground     Dead Pallas; groaning, on his shield they bore     Him homeward, and the bitter wail went round.	Back, from another quarter of the sky,     Dark-ambushed, round the clamorous Harpies fly     With taloned claws, and taste and taint the prey.	"'Here, girt with steel, the foremost in the fight,     Fierce Juno stands, the Scaean gates before,     And, mad with fury and malignant spite,     Calls up her federate forces from the shore.	One passion burns,--to let the sword decide.	he yells, and searches for his sword     In couch and chamber, maddening at the core     With war's fierce passion, and the lust abhorred     Of slaughter, and with bitter wrath yet more.	His hand still grasped the hatchet for the stroke, And bitter wrath he breathed, and fierce the words he spoke.	XIX.	Rich housings, wrought in many a purple fold,     And broidered rugs adorn them; o'er each breast     Hang golden poitrels, glorious to behold.	LVI.	Wreathe your hair,     And pass the wine-bowl merrily, and call Each on our common God, the guardian of us all."	The rising settlement, the new-tilled shore,     The ships deserted for the land she views,     And shaking her imperial brows, and sore With anguish, from her breast these wrathful words doth pour: XL.	Here, craving counsel when in doubtful plight,     Italians and OEnotria's tribes are found.	"Arm," cry the warriors, "arm!"	IV.	Then Nisus with a frown:     "If gifts so great a vanquished man may hold,     If falls win pity, and defeat renown, What prize shall Nisus gain, whose merit earned the crown?	Stay thy flight.	Lo,     Fight we by turns, each scarce can find a foe.	Dauntless he waits, collected in his might,     The noble foe, then, measuring at a glance     The space his arm can cover with the lance;     "May this right hand, my deity," cried he,     "And this poised javelin aid the doubtful chance.	Nautes advises AEneas to leave behind the weak and aged with Acestes.	Warm milk from bowls, and holy blood we pour, And thrice with loud farewell the peaceful shade deplore.	One boon I ask, nor that in Fate's despite,     For Latium, for the honour of thy kind.	Whence comest thou again,     Long-looked-for Hector?	XLII.	LVIII.	XXXIII.	XXVI.	Fresh signs and wonders enforce the prophecy (46-126).