If the millionaire has died with a thousand selfish sores in his mind,--if his life's privileges have been wasted in high feeding and self-indulgence,--if he has thought only of himself, his riches, his pride, his position, or his particular form of respectability, he will get the full result of that mental attitude!	Now I do not care to be loved for a week or a month--I wish to be loved for always,--for always!"	"I will!	So shall you pass unscathed through the thick of battle, and command Brotherhood in place of Murder!	"Thank you!"	He dressed quickly,--wrote a few business letters,--and was about to lie down for a rest of an hour or so when the swift and furious galloping of a horse's hoofs awoke the echoes of the quiet street, and almost before he had time to realise what had happened, his friend Ruspardi stood before him, breathless and wild with excitement.	"Yes--yes--" said the Prince Pietro impatiently, "I know all that,--but where is Angela herself?	And some of you whom I know, glory in being seen at your worst always.	In seventeen ninety-three there was not much of our Lord or the blessed Saints in it.'	Oh, those uncontrollable circumstances!	No danger now of those miserable so-called "religious" disputes between husband and wife, which are so eminently anti-Christian, and which make many a home a hell upon earth,--disputes which young children sometimes have to witness from their earliest years, when the mother talks "at" the father for not going to Church, or the father sneers at the mother for being "a rank Papist"!	There was something indescribable about the boy even in this reposeful attitude of study,--and Angela observed him for a minute or two, herself unseen.	The Marquis laughed.	Aubrey started.	Sylvie took out a tiny cobweb of a lace handkerchief and dried her tears.	With this 'evil,' or double sight, our whole body 'shall be full of darkness.'	You must be very unhappy!"	There is their great Pantheon where most of their prophets lie,--their poets and their teachers whom they wronged and slandered in their lifetime--" "My child," interrupted Bonpre gently, "Poets and so-called teachers are not always good men.	Such a scene you never saw in a church!--Paris was wild with excitement for a dozen hours, which is about as long as its fevers last,--and the two of them, father and son, went straight away to a famous Cardinal then staying in Paris,--and he, by the way, was in the church when the Abbe publicly confessed himself--Cardinal Bonpre--" "Ah!"	"I have not seen the worthy Domenico since my engagement to Aubrey was announced!"	We whisper our lies.	said the girl, "Let me hear this!--this is strange news!	For the rest,--kindly publish my father's will as he instructed you to do,--and I--when I return to Paris, will consult you on the best way in which I can dispose of my father's millions."	Stop!"	Angela however put every shadow of either wonder or doubt as to his views, entirely aside,--and worked on with an earnest hand and trusting heart, faithfully and with a grand patience and self-control seldom found either in masculine or feminine heroes.	she asked, in a voice from which all spirit and hopefulness had fled.	The great porte-cochere was wide open, and, pressing through it, and surrounding the stately building at every point was a vast crowd,--densely packed and almost absolutely silent.	I can write as easily in English as in French,--for my friend Aubrey Leigh was very kind and took a great liking to me, and stayed in Touraine for a year and a half, simply for the pleasure of instructing me and grafting his theories upon my young and aspiring mind.	.	He walked rapidly,--he had a vague, unformed desire in his mind to see Sylvie again if possible.	And were I to write a plain statement of what I know to be true, and send it to an English journal, it would not be put in, not even in support of the Anti-Vivisection Society, lest it might 'offend' the foreign schools of surgery, and also perhaps lest English schools might prove not altogether free from similar crimes.	Moral restraint is being less and less enforced, and the clamouring for sensual indulgence has become so incessant that the desire of the whole country, if put into one line, might be summed up in the impotent cry of the Persian voluptuary Omar Khayyam to his god, 'Reconcile the law to my desires'.	Lodging--oh yes!	Why truly I am nothing!--and should have been nothing but the avenger of my mother's life and broken-hearted misery.	At this straight question Angela recovered her equanimity.	And that ability was very great indeed, and displayed itself in small details as well as large attempts.	"You are a man," went on Gherardi, watching him closely.	But he, after giving a few further instructions to the men who were beginning to close in his father's grave, walked away with one or two friends, and was soon lost to sight in one of the many winding paths that led from the cemetery out into the road, so that many who anxiously sought to study his features more nearly, were disappointed.	Disguised as a tramp, he wandered with tramps.	The Gazetta di Venezia having attacked the bishops attending the recent conclave of "Latin America," that is, Spanish-speaking America, as men of loose morality, the Osservatore Cattolico, the Vatican organ, replied declaring that the life of the bishops present at the conclave was above suspicion.	echoed Gherardi, "How could you prevent it?"	Do not think at all about me, cara mia!	But now--you are ill--you are weary--do not try to speak--come with me!	And you call that the way to salvation?	He is extraordinarily gifted."	Tell me your own honest conviction.	But Ruspardi understood, and taking the flowers, respectfully kissed the little hand that gave them.	said Cyrillon passionately--"For no poor sinking, seeking soul is there any such visible comforter!	be the rough copy of Fontenelle's,--and I always saw in the actor what the gentleman would be if he continued to live as he was doing.	Sovrani uttered a terrible oath.	But you always forget that you are an exception to the rule,--you do not realise how very exceptional you are!	My love!"	he said--"I will stay!"	One of our English bishops has been latterly deploring the fact that out of a thousand lads in a certain parish nine-hundred-and-ninety-nine of them never go to church!	The Spirit shall work in ways where it has never been found before!--it shall depart from the Churches which are unworthy of its Divine inspiration!--it shall invest the oaths of Science!--it shall open the doors of the locked stars!	"Do not prophesy so cruel a fate for the child!"	He shall keep it.	She knows that the man had deserted her and was quite unworthy of her devotion;--but she pretends to herself that she does NOT know.	Che, che!	And Florian Varillo's mouth shall be closed--the Sovrani's reputation shall shine like the sun at noonday; even the rank heresy of her picture shall be forgiven, and the Cardinal and his waif shall go free!"	But during all the time I knew him he had a way of relegating all women to the same level--servants, actresses, ballet-dancers, and ladies alike,--he would never admit that there is as much difference between one woman and another as between one man and another.	and bowing low he turned towards the door, "Thank you a thousand times for a very happy evening!	"I wonder whether you could endure a very great trial--or make a very great sacrifice for my sake!"	he said sternly, "You had best warn or command him that he set a guard upon it in the Holy Father's presence!"	Tall and fair, with very bright flashing eyes, and a wonderfully high bred air of concentrated pride and resolution, united to a grace and courtesy which exhaled from him, so to speak, with his every movement and gesture, he was not a man to pass by without comment, even in a crowd.	He flashed upon her a look from the bright amorous hazel eyes, that were potent to command and difficult to resist, and she cowered back, trembling and sobbing hysterically as the Marquis advanced.	You dine with us to-night?"	You have embarked in a most hopeless cause,--you will try to help the helpless, and as soon as they are rescued out of trouble, they will turn and rend you,--you will try to teach them the inner mysteries of God's working, and they will say you are possessed of a devil!	--she is judged much more severely than if she had done so!	A disinterested, loving observation of the troubles and difficulties of others never occurs to him as necessary.	We will not see, we will not understand,--we utterly decline to accept any teaching or advice which might inflict some slight inconvenience on our own Ego.	Her face was hidden on his breast--but he felt rather than saw the soft white arms and dainty hands moving tremblingly upwards, till they closed round him in the dear embrace which meant for him from henceforth the faith and love and devotion of one true heart through all the sorrows and perplexities as well as the joys and triumphs of life.	said Sylvie, with a little mischievous smile.	"I do not think there are any such.	It was enough to make any man angry to see such a picture as that painted by a woman!	he said brokenly.	Au revoir, Marquis!"	If a Cardinal is a heretic!"	Your first attempt was clumsy,--and dangerous to yourself, but--murder her reputation, amico, murder her reputation!--and so build up your own!"	All the men in the wine-shop crowded around them, and for a moment Miraudin, blinded by the blow, and the wine that had splashed up against his eyes, did not see who had struck him, but as he recovered from the sudden shock and stared at his opponent, he broke into a wild laugh.	"An unfortunate scandal in the Church!"	Is that it?"	When one of these highly destined servants of the Great King fails in his duty,--when he cannot pardon the sinner,--when he looks churlishly upon a child, or condemns the innocent amusements of the young and happy,--when he makes the sweet Sabbath a day of penance instead of praise--of tyranny instead of rest,--when he has no charity for backsliders, no sympathy for the sorrowful, no toleration for the contradictors of his own particular theory--do we not feel that his very existence is a blasphemy, and his preaching a presumption!"