Without you I am--can be nothing--Cosmo de Medicis--" At this name a kind of shadow crept upon the scene, together with a sense of cold.	I looked at him half in fear, half in appeal, as he sat in the boat with his head turned a little aside from me,--he seemed grave and preoccupied.	"Results?	That is a problem to me,--and I should like to solve it."	A curious expression came into his eyes, as of hidden fear.	At any rate something keen, fine and subtle stole over my senses, moving me to an intense delight in merely being alive.	"Oh, not at all, sir, if you are satisfied,"--Derrick answered.	You don't seem to care about dress though you are always well-gowned--you don't go to balls or theatres or race-meetings,--you are a general favourite, yet you avoid society,--you've never troubled yourself to take your chances of marriage,--and so far as I know or have heard tell about you, you haven't even a lover!"	"YOU know more than I do!"	You are the maker of your own destiny!	Beautiful women were gathered round him,--boys with musical instruments crouched at his feet--attendants stood on every hand to minister to his slightest call or signal,--and all eyes were fixed upon him as upon some worshipped god of a nation's idolatry.	Mr. Swinton, looking very pale and uncomfortable, took the note gingerly between his fingers.	I sank into a chair, dreamily considering.	I said nothing.	But to be in his company for very long was to feel that there is no good in anything--that life is a mistake of Nature, and death a fortunate ending of the blunder--that God is a delusion and the 'Soul' a mere expression signifying certain intelligent movements of the brain only.	"Good morning!	He still held my hands with the tenderest force,--and seemed, like myself, to find speech difficult.	"Well, that need not prevent the rest of us from going."	To me they are dreadful beliefs!--worse than barbarism!"	said Mr. Harland, breaking his silence at last--"But isn't it rather late to pay a call?	With joy I took it up and kissed it reverently, and as I compared it with the one I always secretly wore on my own person, I knew that all was well, and that I need have no distrust of Rafel Santoris.	"No!"	It seemed that I stood in the enormous audience hall of a great palace, where there were crowds of slaves, attendants and armed men,--on all sides arose huge pillars of stone on which were carved the winged heads of monsters and fabulous gods,--and looming out of the shadows I saw the shapes of four giant Sphinxes which guarded a throne set high above the crowd.	This expression may be taken as a poetic line in the Scriptures, meaning no more than poetic imagery,--but it is nevertheless a truth.	he said--"You out-transcend all transcendentalism!	To help you?"	Gradually this strange scene of cool white marble vastness with its brilliant vista of flowers and foliage under the bright Italian sky, and the betrayed lovers lying dead beside each other in the presence of their murderers, passed away like a floating cloud,--and the same slow, calm Voice I had heard once before now spoke again in sad, stern accents: "Jealousy is cruel as the grave!--the coals thereof are coals of fire which hath a most vehement flame!	Catherine Harland had the trinket in her hand, and a curious vague look of terror came over her face as she presently passed it back to its owner.	"Well,--go on, Santoris!"	I put the little bunch in my dress.	One--fadeless and immortal--only one, but sufficient for all!	The whole thing is a mistake."	He ceased, and I looked up.	In a minute or two Mr. Harland followed me, looking troubled and perplexed.	Impulsively I rose to go and look out--then stopped--checked and held back by a swift compelling awe--I was no longer alone.	Loch Scavaig is sufficient setting for any amount of ghosts.	To 'replenish' the earth is to give out love ungrudgingly to all Nature,--to 'subdue' the earth, is first, to master the atoms of which the human organisation is composed, and hold them completely under control, so that by means of this mastery, all other atomic movements and forces upon this planet and its encircling atmosphere may be equally controlled.	Almost in silence we reached the shore where the launch was in waiting for us, and in silence we sat together in the stern as the boat cut its swift way through little waves like molten gold and opal, sparkling with the iridescent reflections of the sun's after-glow.	he said, smilingly.	You can say to him that the ladies of our party are very much interested in the beautiful illumination of his yacht, and that we'll be glad to see him on board ours, if he cares to come.	A soft sound of musical bells reached my ears at this moment announcing dinner,--and leaving the 'princess's' apartment, I met Santoris at the entrance to the saloon.	"It's curious we should have met Santoris so soon after my telling you about him," he said--"It's one of those coincidences which one cannot explain.	He puffed at his cigar thoughtfully.	Man uses every exterior means of self-preservation, but forgets the interior power he possesses, which was bestowed upon him that he might 'replenish the earth and subdue it.'	"Well, it's all over now, and his theory of perpetuating life at pleasure has come to an untimely end.	A nervous tremor ran through me, but I resolved I would not be the dupe of my own fancy, and I set myself once more resolutely to the study of the volume before me.	I said, very gently--"These are merely nervous ideas!	He looked amused.	Of your own will you have come here--of your own will you elect to stay here, where there is no one of your own sex with whom you can communicate--and of your own will you must accept all the consequences.	"We can't do it,"--she said--"All the chances are against us.	And presently the woman who had till now remained hidden among the shadows of the surrounding trees, came swiftly forward.	"I have my doubts!	Be the god of your own universe!	Whither?	The world is empty!"	The kneeling penitent--for such he now appeared to be--covered his face with his hands.	I murmured--"Sometimes it rebels against the 'rationalism' of its rulers!"	That is the first part of the process.	Whither?	For as I spoke he took my hand in his and held it with a kindly clasp--"I am so self-willed, so proud, so unworthy!	"If we could understand each other,"--he said--"I think all would be well with us in time and eternity!"	Here he turned to me--"Will you come on deck for a little while before bedtime, or would you rather rest?"	I exclaimed, suddenly, and with passion--"I love him with all my soul!--I will never lose him again!"	Brayle!"	"Love is not Love that loves Itself,"--went on the Voice--"Self is the Image, not the God.	I answered him--"Did you see nothing of it?"	The so-called 'practical' person would have said to me:--'Why are you happy?'	They saluted us, but did not speak, and as soon as we were seated, pulled swiftly away across the water.	Suddenly she spoke with an almost mournful gentleness.	But, had I not the testimony of my own eyes?	She imagines that a pleasant word may often be used to cover a treacherous action, and if a man is as rude and blunt as myself, for example, she prefers that he should be rude and blunt rather than that he should attempt to conceal his roughness by an amiability which it is not his nature to feel."	Meet that which hath sought thee sorrowing for many centuries!	If it seeks the first, all things in heaven and earth shall be added to its desire--if the second, all shall be taken from it, even that which it hath!"	I had been standing in front of her while she thus talked, but now I resumed my former reclining attitude on the sofa and looked at her with a touch of disdain.	--said Captain Derrick, bluntly--"That yacht will repeat her former manoeuvres and vanish at sunrise."	"Will you go in and rest for a while till luncheon?"	I now chose deliberately to consider, and WILLED to determine, that this mysterious Shadow, darker still as it grew, was something of a friend in disguise.	Without the Mind to control it, the constitution of Man is chaos,--just as the Universe itself would be without the Creator's governance.	Sir Norman Lockyer tells us that the matter of the Universe is undergoing a continuous process of evolution--but even if it is so, what is that to me individually?	That was rather a curious coincidence when you come to think of it!"	When I had finished, I took my empty cup and plate and put them on the dresser in the niche, whereupon the dresser was instantly lowered, and very soon disappeared.	Let us have an end of your serpent vigilance and perfidy!--better death than the constant sight of you!	I lifted my eyes to his.