Laying one hand on her dog's neck, she checked the great creature's gambols and compelled him to walk sedately by her side, as with hushed footsteps she entered the 'Sleepy Hollow' of death's long repose, and went straight up to the church door which, as usual, stood open.	Spruce gazing at her in a kind of mild stupefaction.	"Gigue is satisfied, I think.	Isn't that pretty?	Till then, I shall blush unseen, wasting my sweetness on the desert air!	The parson has nothing whatever to do with me,--why, this is the first Sunday I have ever been to his church,--you know I never go to church."	Left alone, Walden drew a long breath, and wiped his brow.	saying to herself over and over again,--too bad!	she said, wrenching her hand from his clasp--"And what is more, you know it, and you glory in it!	"Miss Vancourt,"--he began earnestly--"if you will only believe that it is because I think so highly of you--because you have seemed to me so much above the mere society woman that I---I---" "I know!"	So Mrs.	"And you always will, I suppose?"	Yet the commonplace people owe everything they enjoy in art, literature and science to the conceptions of genius, and of genius alone.	responded the tailor cheerfully, as he turned out into the cool sweet dimness of the hawthorn-hedged lane in which the 'Mother Huff' stood--"I make bold to say that church or no church, Miss Vancourt's bein' at her own 'ouse 'ull be a gain an' a blessing to the village."	--the hounds had rallied--a fox was 'drawn,'--the whole field was astir, and with a musical blast of the horn, the hunt swept on in a flash of scarlet and white, black, brown and grey, across the moor.	There are no people of your own class residing nearer to you than three or four miles distant--the village is composed of vulgar rustics--the rural town is inhabited only by tradespeople, and though one of your near neighbours is Sir Morton Pippitt, one would hardly call him a real gentleman--so there's really nobody at all for YOU to associate with.	she said playfully, not without a sense of liking for the quaint human creature who so willingly made himself ridiculous without being conscious of it-- "What is your line in the small way?"	Mrs. Courtenay sighed and sank into a chair.	Maryllia, meanwhile, stepped out on the grass terrace in front of the window, with the dog Plato at her side, and looked long and earnestly at the fair stretch of woodland scenery before her.	A pretty woman always starts this kind of nonsense.	he said, thoughtfully regarding his old college chum's clear and open countenance with a somewhat sad smile--"Your eyes are the same blue eyes of the boy that linked his arm through mine so long ago and walked with me through the sleepy old streets of 'Alma Mater!'	Miss Fosby's back stiffened instantly.	"Do you know where my dresses are, Nancy?"	He waved his hat with a grand flourish again, and smiled.	Our earth and ourselves are but particles of matter, worked by the spirit or essence of creative force.	And she sprang over the grass to the corner of a hedge where a long trail of the exquisitely-scented flower hung temptingly, as it seemed within reach, but when she approached it, she found it just too high above her to be plucked from the bough where its tendrils twined.	Perhaps it would be wisest to undertake the job,--there was the 'Mother Huff' at the end of the journey, and Roger Buggins was a friend of his.	She smiled.	--and Mrs. Courtenay gave him a glance of displeased surprise--"How dreadful!"	"There she be!"	--and Cicely pelted him full in the face with one of her velvety cowslip-bunches--'And this,--catch me if you can!"	"He had cause to be,"--said Walden, beginning to recover his equanimity and ease as the conversation turned into a channel which was his natural element--"It is one of the finest collections in England.	"That sarcophagus,"--continued his lordship--"was a very singular 'find.'	--and she paused meditatively--"when can she arrive?	He would rather describe a dusthole and enumerate every potato paring in it!	I shall appreciate the favour!"	Is there a more compromising or more ludicrous position than that of the independent and defenceless female?	"What a dear old house you have!"	I know that when women cease to be womanly, then the sorrows of the world, already heavy, will be doubled and trebled!	"Very well, Miss," and Mrs.	Rest."	--said Walden, quickly and sternly, "The best answer to such low gossip and slander is silence.	He had helped to kill butterflies often--why not a woman?	"'Twas afore my time," he said.	Truth to tell, a sudden exhilaration and excitement had wakened up John's latent forces,--Maryllia's eyes, glancing half timidly, half wistfully at him, and her fair face, slightly troubled in its expression, had moved him to an exertion of his best powers to please her, and make everything bright and gay around her.	Mrs.	It's awful!	And he knows it;--yet he has written to me every two days regularly since I came here!"	"Oh, that's not lovely," said Cicely, carelessly--"I was only humming the last verse, just to put the expression right.	The last was the worst affront, in my opinion!"	I longed to touch that delicate little pink-and-white creature, so like a rose herself!--I was moved by an insane desire--yes!--it was insane, and fortunately quite momentary,--such impulses are not uncommon"--and here, as he unravelled, to his own satisfaction, the tangled web of his impressions, his brow cleared, and he smiled gravely,--"I was, I say, moved by an insane desire to draw that dainty small bundle of frippery and prettiness into my arms--yes,--it was so, and why should I not confess it to myself?	And she popped one of the pear- drops into her mouth.	Meek and quiet goes to prison more often than rough and ready!"	she said--"Very nice indeed!	Walden smiled.	She asked heaps of questions, but she got nothing out of me, so of course she wrote to your aunt.	Maryllia made no remark.	Yes, it is!--of course it is!--this is your gate.	He let them go,--and listened, instead of thinking, to the notes of the nightingale singing in his garden.	--to all appearance enjoying the violent shock of incredulous amazement which her announcement invariably inflicted on all those who received it.	"Man is an animal, Nancy," said Maryllia, sententiously, giving one or two little artistic touches to the loose waves of hair on her forehead; "Why should not HIS bones be turned into buttons?	Then Eva Beaulyon turned her back indifferently on the whole party and stepped out on the lawn.	"In religious matters it is wiser to be under subjection than free,"--he said, with a sigh--"In a state of freedom we may think as we please--and freedom of thought breeds doubt,--whereas in a state of subjection we think as we MUST, and so we are gradually forced into an attitude of belief.	Josey waved his straw hat speechlessly.	Only silence answered her, and the dumb perfume of the altar flowers.	"All men are;" said Eva Beaulyon, drily--"It's no use objecting to that!"	I can tolerate anything but humbug,--remember that!"	It was of simple pale blue linen, relieved with white embroidered lawn, and in its cool, fresh, clean appearance was in keeping with the clear bright day.	Maryllia watched him with prettily critical interest, much as a kitten watches the rolling out of a ball of worsted on which it has just placed its little furry paw.	Walden was slightly embarrassed by this point- blank question.	He wrote letters for her, answered telegrams, drew up a formal list of 'Callers' and 'Enquiries,' kept accounts, went errands for the two trained nurses who were in day and night attendance on the unconscious invalid upstairs, and made himself generally useful and reliable.	A sick fear-- an indefinable horror of himself possessed him,--caught by this mmameable transport of sudden and singular emotion, he felt he could have rushed away, away!--anywhere out of reach and observation, and have never entered the fair and halcyon gardens of Abbot's Manor again.	John hesitated.	"Well, so far, you have nothing to complain of, Mrs.	Walden unchained the punt and sprang into it,--Nebbie dutifully following,--and then divested himself of his coat.	But even if you try to hound me into my grave, I will never marry you!	Whereupon Walden straightway took a swinging walk up to 'The Leas,' deposited his card with the footman, for the absent 'fam'ly' and returned again in peace to his own dwelling.	"I think not!	That voice will be a wonder of the world!"	Clowns, columbines and harlequins with all their 'make-up' on, could not have seemed more out of place than these socially popular persons in the historic house of her ancestors.	Pray remember that we are quite in the dark as to the state of your health, your surroundings and your general well-being.	"Shall I tell you?"	Nebbie had been so much astonished at the loud pitch of his master's voice, that he had retired under a sofa in alarm, and only crawled out now as Spruce departed, with small anxious waggings of his tail.