However, since you interest yourself in the matter, I give him a pension of five hundred crowns on my privy purse."	Certainly no one will dare to speak to him; no doubt he will quit the court this very day."	But, at every movement, the massive stairs crumbled beneath his feet, so that he could not ascend.	Which of them is worthy to listen to an honest man?	And, accordingly, I received nothing but compliments and agreeable things from the whole family, just in the way I like."	"On horseback, with sword and pistol, I suppose?"	I have since learned from Chavigny that for two long months they had been waiting that happy moment.	He is ever a good and honest man, in no way mixing himself up with politics; so that some one gives him a little army to play at chess with, no matter against whom, he is content.	The blood mounted to the Cardinal's face.	And, taking his friend's arm, the young mocker, without listening to another word, walked rapidly down the gallery and disappeared in the throng.	"He would very quietly have let this cure be burned by the other cures, and would have said to me, 'Grandchamp, see that my horses have oats, and let no one steal them'; or, 'Grandchamp, take care that the rain does not rust my sword or wet the priming of my pistols'; for Monsieur le Marechal thought of everything, and never interfered in what did not concern him.	Violent desires for slaughter and revenge, a vague desire to strike, took possession of him, despite himself; this is the first impression which evil produces on the soul of a young man.	CHAPTER VIII THE INTERVIEW The pompous cortege of the Cardinal halted at the beginning of the camp.	The court had been thus paying its respects to the King for two hours before the Cardinal appeared; the whole court stood in close ranks behind the Prince, and in the long galleries which extended from his tent.	Two pages, of the first families of France, stood at the door, where the ushers announced each of the persons whom Father Joseph had found in the ante room.	For twenty years I have been in vain attempting it.	All the most important persons of the town and many strangers were under the peristyle, and now advanced, Cinq-Mars among them.	"Obdurate wretch, return to the demon who sent thee!"	This was a very long salon, lighted by a series of high lancet windows, of which the upper part only retained the blue, yellow, and red panes that shed a mysterious light through the apartment.	Only Laubardemont committed a slight blunder in making the trial public.	"Ah!	The old dotard Bassompierre shall be doomed for perpetual imprisonment, and so shall the assassin Marechal de Vitry, for that was the punishment they voted me.	"And what deep pain do they daily cause our holy Father the Pope!"	The continuous interest of this half-trial, its preparations, its interruptions, all had held the minds of the people in such attention that no private conversations had taken place.	Urbain Grandier on the rack, his mother in tears, his tutor armed, Bassompierre loaded with chains, passed before him, making signs of farewell; at last, as he slept, he instinctively put his hand to his head to stay the passing dream, which then seemed to unfold itself before his eyes like pictures in shifting sands.	He called around him, and was attentive to, the greatest enemies of the Cardinal, whom he expected every moment; and, balancing himself with one foot over the other, an hereditary habit of his family, he spoke quickly, but pausing from time to time to make a gracious inclination of the head, or a gesture of the hand, to those who passed before him with low reverences.	Well, we can arrange it for him; that occupation will do as well as another just now.	And then suddenly Jeanne began to recite the service for the dead in a monotonous voice, but with incredible rapidity, still seated on the bed, and turning the beads of a long rosary.	The Duc d'Angouleme, the Marechals de Schomberg and d'Estrees, Fabert, and other dignitaries were on horseback beside the litter; after them, among the most prominent were the Cardinal de la Vallette and Mazarin, with Chavigny, and the Marechal de Vitry, anxious to avoid the Bastille, with which it was said he was threatened.	The fire is out; now, friend, one effort more!	I still see all those women."	But, employing such infinite calculation in merely keeping one's balance, what of genius remains for high enterprises?	Read his 'Histoire de Fiesque'; you may see himself in it.	a madrigal and a momentary submission on my part will make her forget that I have separated her from her house of Austria and from the country of her Buckingham.	Penetrate into that city resembling Athens; and to find him who reigns there, follow that dark and irregular street, mount the steps of the old archiepiscopal palace, and enter the first and largest of its apartments.	Monsieur le Marquis, your dreams, on the contrary, are very pretty ones.	"Is it to tear it that you fight so often?"	But with him, the throne seemed, in the eyes of the court, his dying couch, his reign a continual last agony, and his minister a threatening successor.	"Do you suppose, Monsieur, that I should allow you to go where you please?	But the rain still fell in torrents, and each piece of wood had no sooner caught the flame than it became extinguished.	"Why are you sad, if you are a queen?"	Father Joseph arose, and, leaning against the wall like an Egyptian mummy, allowed nothing to appear upon his face but an expression of stolid contemplation.	to recall his mother!	Father Joseph, indeed, spoke to him secretly, but not in the way the Cardinal imagined; for he contemplated being his equal, and was preparing other connections, in case of defection on the part of the prime minister.	Such were the commandments of the god of France, less astonishing in themselves than the terrible naivete which made him bequeath them to posterity, as if posterity also must believe in him.	"He talks of recalling the Queen-mother," said the Capuchin, in a low voice; "of recalling her from Cologne."	"You are both right, gentlemen; but since when have you laughed at affairs of honor?"	he will ruin her if she connects herself with him; he's a musketeer in canonicals, the devil in a cassock.	"I have heard this, Monsieur, but I have an affair--" "It is lucky for you he stopped short in the middle of your career."	it is open disgrace.	"These are calculations which your enemies make as precisely as your Eminence," said the priest, who began to be annoyed with this conversation, and was eager to talk of other matters.	"What dost mean, blockhead?"	The laughter which the ferocious pleasantry of the old minister had excited had hardly subsided, when the door opened, and a page announced several couriers who had arrived simultaneously from different points.	Joseph, take a pen, and write what I shall dictate for the other confessor, whom we will choose better.	The innkeeper, in amazement, touched his forehead three times with his finger, looking at Grandchamp as if to ask him whether his master were also mad.	on!"	He went on, a long way.	He felt a thicker one thrown over his shoulders; it was his old valet, who had approached him, and thus exhibited toward him a maternal solicitude.	The crowd heard these words and rushed forward.	"No, no, no!"	While the public attention was elsewhere engaged, he advanced and touched it lightly with his bare hand, which was immediately scorched.	Instead of his mother, the child, upon turning round, saw only men's faces, looking up at him with a mournful eagerness, and signing him to go on.	This circumstance warned the courtiers in the anteroom that a longer conversation than usual was on foot, and Father Joseph, advancing to the threshold, exchanged with the Cardinal a glance which seemed to say, on the one side, "Remember the promise you have just made me," on the other, "Set your mind at rest."	And, taking his large, black-plumed hat from the table, he followed the warlike Abbe, who went quickly before him, often running back to hasten him on, like a child running before his father, or a puppy that goes backward and forward twenty times before it gets to the end of a street.	"The Due de Weimar pursues his advantage; the Duc Charles is defeated.	All color, all roundness of form had disappeared from it; a livid pallor covered a skin yellow and shining like ivory; the blood seemed to have left his veins; all the life that remained within him shone from his dark eyes, which appeared to have grown twice as large as before, as he looked languidly around him; his long, chestnut hair hung loosely down his neck and over a white shirt, which entirely covered him--or rather a sort of robe with large sleeves, and of a yellowish tint, with an odor of sulphur about it; a long, thick cord encircled his neck and fell upon his breast.	He thought he was still dreaming, but she grasped his hand firmly.	Let us leave our young traveller sleeping; he will soon pursue a long and beautiful route.	Monsieur, you know well enough that it does not embarrass my wrist, as I will prove to him who chooses; as to the gown itself, I should like to throw it into the gutter."	We have already punished almost all our dupes of Versailles; assuredly they have nothing with which to reproach me.	They carry it in their guilty breasts; it stings their hearts like a serpent.	"What, my lord, leave the place of the favorite vacant for six whole days?	You heard these infamous judges.	"An affair of honor--" "Whereas Mazarin is quite a friend of yours."	"If the King knew it!"	On!"	The child, having nothing to look at after the court had left the hall, had climbed to a small window which admitted a faint light, and which he imagined to contain a swallow's nest or some other treasure for a boy; but after he was well established on the cornice, his hands grasping the bars of an old shrine of Jerome, he wished himself anywhere else, and cried out: "Oh, sister, sister, lend me your hand to get down!"	"He said publicly; and in the presence of Monsieur: 'I feel that one of the first duties of a Christian is to be a good son, and I will resist no longer the murmurs of my conscience.'"	Another great head is laid low!	said all the women.	As he said this, he turned toward the wall, and again pulled the clothes over his head.	Good!"	At this moment, and as the greatest noblemen present were offering their arms to aid him in walking, a man in the robe of a referendary advanced toward him, saluting him with a complacent and confident smile which astonished all the people there, accustomed to the great world, seeming to say: "We have secret affairs together; you shall see how agreeable he makes himself to me.