"One can not make his Majesty wait."	It appears to me that I see upon yonder bastion several cavaliers in red uniforms who greatly resemble your light horse whom we thought to be killed."	On that day, it was remarked by his servants--or, in other words, by all surrounding him--that from the time of his rising until night he took no nourishment, and so fixed all the application of his soul on the events which he had to conduct that he triumphed over his physical pains, seeming, by forgetting, to have destroyed them.	"The King has overthrown the cavalry; but the foot still resist.	I thought at first that both he and that gentleman would recover; but unhappily only one of them returned to life, and that was he whom I least knew.	As the two companies were marching out, he felt some one touch his shoulder, and, turning round, saw old Grandchamp leading a very beautiful gray horse.	Who is it gains the prize in the race?	bravo!"	A spent ball, easily extracted, had been the only cause of his accident.	"Gentlemen, I said to you before," angrily replied the young officer, "that I was sure that Capuchin Joseph, who meddles in everything, was mistaken in telling us to charge, upon the part of the Cardinal.	He was allowed to travel and all was ready.	He is a prudent man, entirely devoted to Monseigneur the Cardinal-Duke, and whose affairs have been somewhat embarrassed by gambling."	At every step, however, that he took toward the spot where Richelieu awaited him, the King's countenance changed and visibly fell; he lost all the flush of combat; the noble sweat of triumph dried upon his brow.	Bring paper!	The principal artillery officers were present as well as the Marechal; but no one answered a syllable.	The horse, that sups hardly better than usual, while the master pockets the gold, and is envied by his friends and admired by all the lords as if he had run himself.	away, fool!"	You do not know her!"	answered the old soldier.	"We shall not have time to continue with the sword."	Yes; that feeling of love for France, which made it beat in your earliest youth, must have gained greater strength.	she cried; and astonishment seemed wholly to paralyze this young and unhappy beauty.	The girl drew back and placed a finger upon her forehead.	But, above all, send me every day safe persons to give me verbal accounts.	You have delayed long; I feared for you.	"Yes, I will stab him with a knife.	But this caprice of glory shall not derange my fixed designs; this city shall not fall yet.	"We approve your modesty as well as your bravery, and we shall not forget this.	said Joseph, stopping.	"You are very young, Monsieur.	His free hand secretly pressed the gold cross that hung next to his heart, the beloved donor of which he was so soon to behold.	Cinq-Mars himself tasted one of those moments of calm and hope, which so refresh the soul as well as the body.	Besides," said she, suddenly assuming a harsh and savage air, "men are weak, and there are things which women must accomplish.	What a sublime bond between heaven and earth!	What can he want me for, my friend?	Had he not seen this youth overthrow his soldiers, he would not have believed him capable of anything beyond singing a romance, reclined upon a couch.	"My friend," he answered, gravely; "this excitement may be injurious to you.	Look upon them as a new language which must be learned--a language hitherto foreign to your lips, but which, believe me, may be nobly spoken, and which may express high and generous thoughts."	The horse.	The thought is a vast one, and worthy of you!	"Listen, listen, La Valeur!"	Let Louis go; I will allow him to strike a few poor soldiers with the blows which he wishes, but dares not, to inflict upon me.	They shook hands again with effusion of heart, and then perceived that they had arrived almost before the tent of the King.	I despise, as much as you, the ambition which will seem to possess me.	"III.	Guide us, Monsieur volunteer, for the Spaniards invite us to this ball, and we must reply politely."	We will present him ourselves.	You seem to be laughing at what I say about your horse, Monsieur; you forget that in times of war the horse is the soul of the cavalier.	said the King, drawing his sword, "let us charge and force those villains back again.	that was a woman!"	De Thou sat by his side, holding his hand, and Grandchamp at his feet, still grumbling at the numerous interruptions that had fatigued his wounded master.	I am an officer; will you restore me to liberty, that I may once more see my country?"	The attack has begun on all sides; and we are surrounded by friends and by enemies."	said the King, in a loud voice.	Nothing was to be heard but the gloomy and prolonged cries of its guards, who warned one another not to sleep.	The cannon had ceased to roar when the broken columns of infantry fell back into Perpignan; the remainder had met the same fate, was already within the walls, and on the plain no living man was to be seen, save the glittering squadrons of the King, who followed him, forming ranks as they went.	"I would punish your angry dispute had it not taught me many secrets of infamy on your part.	The oldest took the smoking match of his arquebus, and, approaching it to the edge of her robe, said in a hoarse voice: "Come, madcap, tell me your history, or I will fill you with powder and blow you up like a mine; take care, for I have already played that trick to others besides you, in the old wars of the Huguenots.	So many horrors pursue me since that sentence that I believe all hell is loosed upon me."	You don't know the fine language of the court; let me speak to her."	The whole army had its eyes upon him, and could see him from every point.	"You shall give me satisfaction to-morrow morning.	what was it to you that they burned your cure, great simpleton?"	Behold, they are wise and just, these grave and salaried criminals!	There are times when his master, who a moment before would rather have been far away, finds himself victorious and rewarded for his horse's valor, while the poor beast gets nothing but blows.	"What childishness!	You know my opinion concerning your insolent visit to my mother."	They fell upon the long column of the enemy's cavalry like two vultures upon a serpent; and, making a large and bloody gap, they passed beyond, and rallied behind the Spanish bastion, leaving the enemy's cavalry so astonished that they thought only of re-forming their own ranks, and not of pursuing.	And if your mind is not disordered, why these naked feet?"	says one, awaking; 'this man has not chosen to speak!	continued the Cardinal, still holding her hand.	The young Frenchman looked at him with the gentle expression of his age, and, thinking of his own family, he said: "Monsieur, I will present you to the Marquis de Coislin, who will, I doubt not, grant your request; is your family of Castile or of Aragon?"	"Let me be conducted to the Cardinal."	but we should not scrutinize it."	cried Joseph, delighted.	I must accomplish it, or I shall die first.	Haste!	But, filled with the suggestion of Ambrosio, he thought that he might have stolen these objects of luxury in the pillage of the apartments of a woman; so, going abruptly up to him, he said: "Hombre!	"It is Richelieu!"	"Fools!"	The Cardinal, surprised and terrified, recoiled with horror.	"I am glad to perceive this apprehension in you; it may be most salutary," said De Thou, as they rode on.	"No; Thou knowest it is boundless power which makes creature culpable against creature.