Do you know that she confesses that another attracts her, and do you expect me, loving her as I do, to share my love?	When the waltz was over I threw myself on a chair; my heart beat wildly: "Oh, heaven!"	How could I revenge myself on a woman?	She began to laugh, and Desgenais, who could see us from his table, joined her.	"What sleep!"	They spoke so often and so long that all human illusions, like the trees in autumn, fell leaf by leaf about them, and those who listened passed their hands over their foreheads as if awakening from a feverish dream.	If your mistress is sincere and faithful, love her for that; but if she is not, if she is merely young and beautiful, love her for that; if she is agreeable and spirituelle, love her for that; if she is none of these things but merely loves you, love her for that.	Surely, Desgenais, you are dreaming.	I sat like a statue, making no reply and looking at her from head to foot with amazement.	"But tell me, is that the love of our women?	Madame," I replied, "there is nothing irrevocable except the grief that is killing me.	The grisette, that woman so dreamy, so romantic, so tender, and so sweet in love, abandoned herself to the counting-house and to the shop.	That woman mocked me, it was she who first pointed her finger at me, singling me out to the idle crowd which surrounded her; it was she, it was those lips erstwhile so many times pressed to mine, it was that body, that soul of my life, my flesh and my blood, it was from that source the injury came; yea, the last pang of all, the most cowardly and the most bitter, the pitiless laugh that sneers in the face of grief.	Who told you to dry my tears?	The more I thought of it the more enraged I became.	heavens!	Since that man sleeps so soundly on his bench, why do not I sleep on mine?	You must be very much disgusted, for she is a beautiful woman."	"Reply to me, thou book of God!"	Then consciousness left me, I leaned my elbows on the table and said adieu to myself.	reasoners sublime, who have led him to this, what will you say to him if he is conquered?	What do the astronomers think when they predict, at a given hour and place, the passage of a comet, that most eccentric of celestial travellers?	But they were soon lost in the crowd.	But while my vanity was thus occupied, my heart was suffering, so that ever within me were a man who laughed and a man who wept.	All this did not please me; but Desgenais had undertaken the task of curing me of my love, and was prepared to treat my disease heroically.	I asked.	Perhaps they thought this was the way to achieve man's happiness, sending him out to the conquest of liberty.	Since she loves but one at a time, what does it matter whether it is during an interval of two years or in the course of a single night?	Is it money you want?	Alas!	Before the sword of Napoleon majesty made this movement, this gesture which ruins everything, not only majesty but religion, nobility, all power both human and divine.	One night as I was seated on the bench, plunged in frightful melancholy, I saw a belated workman staggering along the street.	Is he a dwarf or a giant?	.	Once he persuaded me to go out on foot with him, muffled in grotesque costumes, with masks and instruments of music.	My dear Octave, the scene I have described took place on a certain night when the moon was shining brightly.	A long friendship, founded on mutual services, gave him certain rights, and as his motive appeared praiseworthy I allowed him to have his way.	"What!"	I began to mingle with the throngs at Sevres and Chaville, and stretch myself on flowery swards in secluded groves.	"For you and for me," I said, presenting her my glass in turn.	There were struggles with the 'garde du corps' on the steps of the legislative assembly; at the theatre Talma wore a wig which made him resemble Caesar; every one flocked to the burial of a Liberal deputy.	There is no resemblance between the different quarters of the same city, and the denizen of the Chaussee d'Antin has as much to learn at Marais as at Lisbon.	I thought I was dreaming; it did not seem possible that this was the woman I had left, just fifteen minutes before, overwhelmed with grief, abased to the floor; I was as motionless as a statue.	I am so proud and so foolish that I dare not enter a tavern, and it seems I do not understand that if unfortunates enter there, it is to come out happy.	There is a Spanish play, familiar to all the world, in which a stone statue comes to sup with a profligate, sent thither by divine justice.	I took with me a taciturn humor that nothing could overcome; he respected it scrupulously.	I solemnly promised.	Suddenly I heard my name called.	He fixes his staring eyes on the dazzling skin of his prey.	"But if your character is formed, if you are truly a man, sure of yourself and confident of your strength, you may taste of life without fear and without reserve; you may be sad or joyous, deceived or respected; but be sure you are loved, for what matters the rest?	What I do know is that an inordinate desire for vengeance entered into my soul.	I shook my head in reply; I was in such a rage that I could not pardon him, although I felt that his repentance was sincere.	My mistress and her neighbor, on their side, were very quiet, talking but little and never looking at each other.	She seemed neither astonished nor affected by it.	But I had a confused idea that I was not alone in the tavern.	"There is the great secret, my child, the key you must grasp.	All nature appeared a beautiful stone with a thousand facets, on which was engraven the mysterious name.	I can not.'	he asked.	Have you lost some relative?	As it was past midnight some were closed; this put me in a fury.	Finally, after walking up and down a few times, I stopped before the sleeper.	I turned them all over, one after another, in my mind, and then, not feeling inclined to any of them, I allowed my thoughts to wander.	Their dress indicated that they belonged to the poorer class, but were not bourgeois; in short, they belonged to that ambiguous class, the vilest of all, which has neither fortune nor occupation, which never works except at some criminal plot, a class which, neither poor nor rich, combines the vices of one with the misery of the other.	To all this Desgenais replied: "She is unworthy; promise me that you will never see her again."	As for me, I did not understand what else there was to do but love, and when any one spoke to me of other occupations I did not reply.	They had not gone beyond their native towns; but had been told that through each gateway of these towns lay the road to a capital of Europe.	when you thank God that you were born for that harvest, think of those who are no more, tell yourself that we have dearly purchased the repose which you enjoy; pity us more than all your fathers, for we have suffered the evil which entitled them to pity and we have lost that which consoled them.	I did not reply to his questions and he dropped the subject; he was satisfied that I had forgotten my mistress.	She turned her dark eyes on me, then turned them upward, and raising her finger with that Italian gesture which can not be imitated, she pronounced that characteristic feminine word of her country: "Forse!"	She threw her arms around my neck, saying that she had been tempted, that my rival had intoxicated her at that fatal supper, but that she had never been his; that she had abandoned herself in a moment of forgetfulness; that she had committed a fault but not a crime; but that if I would not pardon her, she, too, would die.	Her husband, whom she knew to be vindictive, had made threats.	Ah!	for me, the earth, since heaven is empty!	But such thoughts aroused a feeling of horror, for I felt that if the body was under the clothing, the skeleton was under the body.	Are you with me?	he cried; "go, stanch your wound at the house of -----" He choked, and so did I. I was placed in a cab, where I found a physician.	As human weakness seeks association and as men are gregarious by nature, politics became mingled with it.	I had made of myself a great warehouse of odds and ends, so that having no more thirst after drinking of the novel and the unknown, I became an oddity myself.	He combined an antique hospitality with modern ways.	Youth must pass away, and if I were you I would carry off the queen of Portugal rather than study anatomy."	What!	[Once I was beautiful, white and rosy as a flower; but now I am not.