The Colonel and myself stood on either side of the opening.	But when I closed my eyes again to look for the flashing lights and the sensation of heat, I found nothing but the usual phantasmagoria of the day’s events--faces, scenes, memories,--and in due course I fell asleep and then saw nothing at all of any kind.	There’s no fire yet, I think.” And, true enough, there was no fire.	It all charmed him inexpressibly, so that he realised--yes, in a sense--the degradation of his twenty years’ absorption in business.	“Your memories possess you,” he observed gently, and the stern look passed into something almost pitying.	Get your gun!	“That sensation of heat is important,” he said significantly.	Overhead, the wash of the wind in the pine branches filled in the pauses; the darkness settled down over the sea, and the stars came out in thousands, and by the time I finished the moon had risen to flood the scene with silver.	“Quite so,” pursued the other calmly; “for in so doing I think we can release it from the purpose that binds it, restore it to its normal condition of latent fire, and also”--he lowered his voice perceptibly--“also discover the face and form of the Being that ensouls it.” “The man behind the gun!” cried the Colonel, beginning to understand something, and leaning forward so as not to miss a single syllable.	And while he splashed with the hot water, and scraped the tin plates with sand and moss, my voice, unbroken by a single question from Dr.	So help me God, I believe it’s that!” He talked a lot of rubbish in his excitement.	“If I knew you were to be on the island till then,” she said, her face alternately pale and blushing, and her voice trembling a little, “I should feel so much happier.” I looked at her steadily, waiting for her to finish.	He became aware that she had turned her eyes upon his own and was speaking again.	“You _have_ noticed it.	It was like the beginning of some horrible transformation of himself into something else.	The dainty messengers of coming hoar-frost were already in the air, asearch for permanent winter quarters.	“Mr.	Every one was intensely alive, and peace was upon all.	Fire cannot be enclosed by fire, though, as you saw, it can be released by it.” “Then that awful figure in the laundry?” I asked, thrilled to find him so communicative.	But, as I turned, something moving a little distance away caught my eye, and in that moment I swear I experienced the most overwhelming and singular shock of surprise and terror I have ever known, or can conceive as possible.	The grass was smouldering, the ground still hot.	The music of the band had ceased.	The moment he occupied the space of the Intruder, setting his feet on the woven roses midway in the line of travel, Smoke suddenly stopped purring and sat down.	We have few visitors.” So that on entering the dining-room we were prepared to find Miss Wragge already at her place, seated in a sort of bath-chair.	“And what do you make of the Frenchman in the train?” I asked further--“the man who warned him against the place, _à cause du sommeil et à cause des chats_?	This slim creature before me, flitting to and fro with the grace of the woodland life, swift, supple, adroit, on her knees blowing the fire, or stirring the frying-pan through a veil of smoke, suddenly seemed the only way I had ever really seen her.	At first he was only aware that the dog was repeating his short dangerous bark from time to time, snapping viciously at the empty air, a foot or so from the ground.	“Then I will wait here with the dogs; and we’ll have a look at the laundry on our way home.” I turned once to look back as we clambered over the low stone wall built by the late owner, and saw his straight, soldierly figure standing in the sunlit field watching us with a curiously intent look on his face.	He would have screamed for help, but remembering the emptiness of the vast building, and the loneliness of the situation, he understood that no help could come that way, and he kept his lips closed.	And the contrast pained him,--the idealistic dreamer then, the man of business now,--so that a spirit of unworldly peace and beauty known only to the soul in meditation laid its feathered finger upon his heart, moving strangely the surface of the waters.	He declared he would sleep by day and sit up every night until he killed it.	He moved as in a dream still.	And these two toads in all probability were not two toads, but one toad.	Stride, the keeper, was a passionate, hot-tempered man, but I regret to say, so was my brother, and quarrels between them seem to have been frequent.” “I do not recall the affair,” said the doctor.	For she was leading the dance in some tempestuous orgy to the music of chanting voices, and the dance she led circled about a great and awful Figure on a throne, brooding over the scene through lurid vapours, while innumerable other wild faces and forms crowded furiously about her in the dance.	Beyond lay the dim blue shapes of other islands floating in the night, and from all the great spaces about us came the murmur of the sea and the soft breathing of great woods.	“Let us take our simple pleasures as they come,” cried a third.	Observe everything, without seeming to.	“The mummy,” he said softly, after a moment; “the mummy that your brother took from its resting-place of centuries, and brought home--here.” Colonel Wragge dropped down upon the nearest chair, hanging breathlessly on every word.	A gentle hissing became audible in the air, and the doctor moved quickly backwards.	He took his place between us and the shadow.	The people suffered him to come and go without let or hindrance, though it became clearer to him every day that he was never free himself from observation.	The savage growl sounded perilously like a whine, and more than once he tried to dive past his master’s legs, as though hunting for a way of escape.	“Yes, I’m coming to that,” he said slowly, “but the wood first, for this wood out of which they grew like mushrooms has nothing in any way peculiar about it.	Dr.	It’s the total cumulative effect that is so--so disquieting.” He chose his words with care, as though determined not to travel one hair’s breadth beyond the truth.	He glanced sharply from face to face, feeling as though some silent, unseen process were changing everything about him.	He sat down again, ashamed, mortified, angry with himself for behaving like a fool and a boy.	He shot across the oilcloth, and tore up the stairs, but in another second he appeared again, flying down the steps and landing at the bottom in a tumbling heap, whining, cringing, terrified.	For a long time he stood and stared.	It had all been rehearsed before--had actually happened before, as the strange feeling sometimes has it; it seemed like the opening movement in some ominous drama, and that I knew exactly what would happen next.	“Some one--not himself, I gather,--has been meddling with a rather dangerous kind of gunpowder.	Away from the limitations that plagued and stung her, she would show at her best, and as I watched her moving about the Camp I repeatedly found myself thinking of a wild creature that had just obtained its freedom and was trying its muscles.	Silence availed himself of the quietness to make careful notes of what had happened.	Two of them, both women, had been tried and convicted as witches, and had been burned alive at the stake.	Then he saw that the hall was not empty.	He felt lost, shelterless in the depths of his soul.	Silence, if you will allow me to say so, that you are here,” he said simply, “very glad indeed.	Pauses were rare in our talk, and the fire was never for one instant allowed to get low.	Anything affecting Joan, of course, stirred him prodigiously.	The girl was always modestly behaved, and as her mother’s representative she naturally had to do with the guests in the hotel.	It may have been all perfectly natural, he knew, yet he could not make it out how the alleys swallowed them up and shot them forth in a second of time when there were no visible doorways or openings near enough to explain the phenomenon.	He stepped gladly into the building and the door shut with the familiar thunder that completed the reconstruction of the past.	This is very common and easily explained.	“The highest point on the line!” he exclaimed.	The spell of the past held very potently here, he felt.	It was well after one o’clock in the morning when Dr.	That picture of him, standing in the sunshine with his big dogs, steadily watching us, remains with me to this day.	They passed swiftly and silently, shaped like immense cats, in an endless procession across the pictured glass, and then appeared to leap down to a lower level where he lost sight of them.	Some private case in the interior of Hungary claimed his attention, and it was not till later--the 15th of August, to be exact--that I had arranged to meet him in Berlin and then return to London together for our harvest of winter work.	He felt something of a dog.	And at the inquest the doctors averred that both men had been dead the same length of time when found.” “And your brother?” asked John Silence, noticing the omission, and listening intently.	She just ran.” But the nightmare horror of it all reached the breaking point a few minutes later, and while I was still standing in the hall temporarily bereft of speech and movement; for while the doctor, the Colonel and the attendant were half-way up the staircase, helping the fainting woman to the privacy of her room, and all in a confused group of dark figures, there sounded a voice behind me, and I turned to see the butler, his face dripping with perspiration, his eyes starting out of his head.	I have called to you for years, and you came with the whole force of the past behind you.	The feeling that he had no right to protect her hurt him keenly, and I could see that he was itching to do something to help, and liked him for it.	As he watched the indescribable bearing of the little creature mincing along the strip of carpet under his eyes, coquetting with the powers of darkness, welcoming, maybe, some fearsome visitor, there stirred in his heart a feeling strangely akin to awe.	The fire was well built, and would burn for another two hours without attention.	“That explains----” began Colonel Wragge, seeking furiously for words he could not find quickly enough.	This was my first realisation that the process of materialisation was at work.	I never could make out how these people got such notions into their heads.” He paused a moment to relight his cigar.	Silence more calmly, but with a note of triumph in his voice he could not keep out, “and a fire-elemental enraged.” The light began to dawn in my mind at last.	But hardly had I time to notice the twisted and contorted shapes of many of the pine trees close at hand when Dr.	And when he told the story with them all complete, the effect was undeniable.