"I'm not always crying over it."	"`Perhaps it's a new dog that he's got to take care of his cave,' said Patty.	I need not explain what _snapping_ is.	I was watching the robin, when Patty, who had been peering out of her corner of Kitty's shawl, gave a great jump that dragged the shawl from our heads, and cried,-- "`Look!'"	"That's very sneaking; but I don't care."	"No, you don't."	"Ah!	There were Guy Fawkes, Punch, his then Majesty the King, Bogy, the Man in the Moon, the Clerk of the Weather Office, a Dunce, and Old Father Christmas.	But let me tell you that drowning's the death for a sailor, whatever you may think.	"Well, we forgot," said Polly.	But when he reached the landing he paused.	And as neither of them lacked ready wit, and both were in constant practice, the art of snapping was cultivated by them to the highest pitch.	But they often said, "We can't think how it is the children are always squabbling!"	Nothing half so pleasant!	"Go, if you dare."	said my father.	And Mrs Skratdj said it was quite impossible to do so, when Mr Skratdj spoilt Harry as he did, and weakened her (Mrs Skratdj's) authority by constant interference.	If the visitor made a stand, he would bound away sideways on his four little legs; but the moment the visitor went on his way again, Snap was at his heels--"Yap!	"I can, if I like."	"My father passed us at this moment, and patted my head.	A tall, sandy, energetic young man, who carried his own bag from the railway.	They jostled each other on the back stairs, said sharp things in the pantry, and kept up a perennial warfare on the subject of the duty of the sexes with the general man-servant.	But this is only at times.	"Wait a minute," said Harry.	Then we got Kitty's shawl once more, and stole out into the back-yard.	But on he had to go, wondering all the time how near it was to twelve o'clock, and whether the Snap-Dragons would stay till midnight and take him with them to Vesuvius.	"But I'd rather you went," said the obdurate Polly.	Besides barking, they snapped and wrangled with each other; and in this Harry must join also.	"No, I didn't.	"Not half so unreasonable as the things you ask."	"`Who's been telling you that?'	said Harry.	"You shall."	said Harry.	Off with you!	"Oh, do you?"	Ha!"	"I dare say it suits you capitally," said Harry; "but I'm sure we shouldn't like it.	I rather hoped to see something of Dick, for it was holiday time; but no Dick passed.	"Suppose I say it was in my place."	screamed Harry in despair.	There were a Christmas-tree, Yule cakes, log, and candles, furmety, and snap-dragon after supper.	Nothing can be funnier."	Difference of sex gave point to many of these nursery squabbles, as it so often does to domestic broils.	"Boys never will do what they're asked," Polly would complain.	"By-and-by I asked, `How old is Father Christmas?'	"Vesuvius!"	"You can't."	The Spirit of Contradiction finds a place in most nurseries, though to a very varying degree in different ones.	"I leant over the wall, and shouted, `But there are no candles.'	at likely intervals.	"How do you know it was in your place?"	The blue Dragon leaped up, and took such a claw-full of hair out of the boy's head, that it seemed as if part of the skin went too.	cried Mr Skratdj.	"Well, young people, when I was eight years old I had not seen a Christmas-tree, and the first picture of one I ever saw was the picture of that held by Old Father Christmas in my godmother's picture-book.	"I don't care.	He was much more truly kind than many visitors, who think it polite to smile at the sauciness and forwardness which ignorant vanity leads children so often to "shew off" before strangers.	From a German book at Lady Littleham's."	"A _very_ long age, thought I, and I added, `You're nearly twice as old as Methuselah, you know,' thinking that this might not have struck him.	And Harry saw that each successive flame was the fold in the long body of a bright blue Dragon, which moved like the body of a snake.	"I'm sure I don't know why," said Polly; "they must have had enough of men if they have brothers."	The raisins are eaten, the brandy is burnt out--" "No, it's not," said Harry.	But at the bottom of the stairs he lingered again, and was meditating how to return with most credit to his dignity, when Polly's face appeared through the banisters, and Polly's sharp tongue goaded him on.	sneered the Dragon.	"I'm very much afraid," said the hot-tempered gentleman, in solemn measured tones, "that you are both of you--fast--going--to--the--" "Dogs?"	There are times when the squabbling becomes too great, and Mother Mountain won't stand it, and spits us all out, and throws cinders after us.	Yap!"	Once outside, he returned to the nursery with dignified steps, and an air of apparent satisfaction, saying,-- "You're to give me the bricks, please."	Harry thought it was where the Dragon had clawed him, but they said it was a cut from a fragment of the broken brandy bottle.	"Yes, it does."	said Polly.	"`A Christmas-tree,' said Patty.	"Only when the old man shouldered his tree, and prepared to move on, I cried in despair, `Oh, are you going?'	An old man was coming along the lane.	St!	The example and admonitions of elder children are a powerful instrument of nursery discipline, and before long there was not a "sharp tongue" amongst all the little Skratdjs.	But as I say, I'd rather put to sea on the duck-pond, though the best craft I could borrow was the pigsty-door, and a pole to punt with, and the village boys jeering when I got aground, which was most of the time-- besides the duck-pond never having a wave on it worth the name, punt as you would, and so shallow you could not have got drowned in it to save your life.	I think we were fonder of them too, though they were neither so handsome, nor so expensive as these new-fangled affairs you are always breaking about the house.	For at the old man's heels in the lane there crept a little brown and white spaniel, looking very dirty in the snow.	At last, to his joy, it became evident that the brandy was coming to an end.	"Kitty the servant gave me a shell that she had had by her for years.	"That's right.	"Do as I tell you," said the hot-tempered gentleman; and as Harry saw his hand moving, he put his tongue out with all possible haste.