The young man who took the cinder out of my eye had come to sit beside me, which I consider was merely kindness on his part and nothing like flirting, and he had brought his suitcase over, and they had got mixed up.	Then they looked at me, and mother burst into tears.	But I could endure no more.	I was always concerned only with the fear that others had overseen and would perhaps tell.	And then we drew up in front of the house and he helped me out, and my entire family had just got out of the motor and was lined up on the pavement staring at us!	Fate would not be cruel.	"Well, smooth enough."	"Barbara!"	"I wish he would grow up and learn something.	At last we reached the bench again, and I said good night.	"Oh!"	"I just want to lie here and think about things," I said, when he was going.	Jane clutched my arm as we looked at our programs and pointed to something.	"It--a friend of mine loaned it to me."	Sis said, in an angry tone.	"There'll be the deuce of a row, and it's good for a half column on the first page of the evening papers.	"Love!	"Well, that's not unusual, you know."	"Just keep him out of my sight," father snapped.	There is a mirror over the drawing room mantle, and he turned me around until we both faced it.	Yes, I was driven to thoughts of murder.	"Honestly!	And if I tell you his name you will faint with surprise."	For if it is what Carter Brooks calls "loaded" it stings your tongue.	Yesterday, being short of money, I sold my amethyst pin to Jane, one of the housemaids, for two dollars, throwing in a lace collar when she seemed doubtful, as I had a special purpose for using funds.	"I don't see how it concerns you," I responded.	Just before we got to the house he said: "Goodnight and goodbye, little Barbara.	I am young, but I have thought a great deal.	So he got Mr. Grosvenor, the blonde one, to pretend he was Harold Valentine.	That picture don't do him justice."	How my heart beat!	"I eat hash at school, but I don't have to pretend to like it."	He is at the club ball."	"I can only remind you of that.	"Ye gods!"	(Adrian's.	You are the type men like, for one thing.	Mother took the wrong course and threatened, which as I have stated is fatal, as far as I am concerned.	I tried once, but my tongue hit the roof of my mouth like the clapper of a bell.	Nothing but eating and playing, with no higher thoughts.	"A NOM DE PLUME?	My woman!"	The boat house was near me, and I realized that upstairs, above the bath-houses, et cetera, there must be a room or two.	"Oh, I wouldn't?	Also the kiss.	My advice to the family is to get out from under.	The paper says that Adrian's play is going to close the end of next week.	It was not a threat, if she had only known it.	"I don't know what has come over you, Barbara.	What was I to do?	And it turned out that the other man had really only wanted her money all the time.	mother shrieked.	Also I believe he took a shower, as I heard the water running, At about seven o'clock he said he had finished the play.	It shows how the first false step leads down and down, to crime and even to death.	"----and when he has agreed to what I propose," he went on, without paying any attention to what I had said, "you will be calmer.	There I lived with the creatures of my dreams, and forgot for a while that I was only a Sub-Deb, and that Leila's last year's tennis clothes were being fixed over for me.	My narrative has now come to a conclusion, and I will close with a few reflections drawn from my own sad and tragic Experience.	Jane Raleigh and I went to a matinee late in September before returning to our institutions of learning.	Which?	But not a reason.	I will explain.	If I may be permitted to express an opinion, we of the class of 1917 are not children, and should not be treated as such.	Oh, day of my awakening!	When I was going through a tragedy.	I have thought over this a great deal, and I believe that now I understand.	In case there was someone present in the apartment I intended to tell a falsehood, I regret to confess, and to say that I had got off at the wrong floor.	That's important, you see, as it bears on the case.	"Not intimately," I replied.	I held out my hand, and he took it and kissed it.	For, as usual, I had not been asked, although playing a good game myself, and having on more than one occasion won most of the money in the Upper House at school.	"Drive them off, or use a bean-shooter.	I ate very little luncheon and my only comfort was my seed pearls.	IT WAS THE MAN OF THE PICTURE, LITTLE MUSTACHE AND ALL.	While she was sneaking it out of the pantry I was dressing, and soon, as a new being, I was out on the stone bench at the foot of the lawn, gazing with rapt eyes at the sea.	I see it in your face.	I confess, without shame, that I felt the stirring of the tender passion in my breast.	"This looks like a gift, Barbara," she said.	She says she has come for a letter.	Oh, what a tangled Web we weave,      When first we practice to deceive.	Well, I had gone as far as I meant to.	"Until they meet the right one.	And oh, Bab, he's wild about you.	I would have felt better if father had been at home, because he understands somewhat the way they keep me down.