Our commander was very uneasy.	Don't you know it, Jeanne?	Yes!	Listen to me!--although I am young and should be silent--Listen to me!	JEANNE A girl.	_A fourth woman approaches them quietly._ FOURTH WOMAN Good evening!	An important announcement seems to have been made there_.	JEANNE _Laughing._ Soldier, is it possible that you are capricious?	_Curtain_ SCENE V _Night.	The air is poisoned with the smell of smoke.	JEANNE You cannot manage it today.	I felt so bad and was so frightened that I could hardly run out.	I'll give you something to eat at once.	HENRIETTA Yes, an unfamiliar voice.	You love him; you, yourself, would die if he were killed--tell him that, mother!	JEANNE _Irresolutely._ Nothing.	I will come forward and will say: "First you must judge me; I have also murdered--and you know that I am an honest man!"	MAURICE _Blushing._ No, father, I cannot just now.	The roaring sound is growing rapidly._ COMMANDER _Shots._ Who has commanded to retreat?	Grelieu, we have come to you not only to express our sympathy.	PIERRE Father, it is better that we be in the same regiment.	STEIN Doesn't one find there a wonderful refinement, culture and innate elegance?	Your life--I am afraid that another minute, and it will be too late!	Haven't you heard anything about your husband?	OFFICER Your Highness!	_They listen._ But they are brave fellows!	Before this You were alone in the sky, and now those base Prussians are there too!	Or have you ever seen his hair in disorder?	PEASANT What can I know?	FOURTH WOMAN What if some one is ringing there again?	MAURICE Good morning, papa.	GENERAL No.	Take it up, Ritzau.	Count Clairmont will bring his surgeon along with him.	EMIL GRELIEU Yes, yes, it is war.	_Blumenfeld comes out and rejoins the two officers, taking up his cigar._ STEIN Another military secret?	The sound of cannonading is heard._ JEANNE _Softly, to Maurice._ Sit down, Maurice, it is hard for you to stand.	Impossible!	SILVINA You must not speak of it!	But without an army we would have been bootblacks, Lagard!	You may say what you please about luck, but it exists.	Our first son, Pierre, was killed at Liège-- COUNT CLAIRMONT I dare not console you, Madame Grelieu.	Nonsense, they are crazy!	PIERRE Very, very few, father!	As the personal correspondent of his Highness I have the honor to know many things which others are not allowed to know--Oh, gentlemen, he has a wonderful mind!	I am ashamed to call myself your general!	EMIL GRELIEU Yes, that is a terrible question for a man.	_With horror._ We must hurry, your Highness!	EMIL GRELIEU What is this?	Give us time, Grelieu.	Do you think, Pierre, that I should not kill?	_Silence._ PIERRE Mamma!	That is fire.	JEANNE I say this on account of the children.	OFFICER They are flooded, your Highness.	Gerhardt, go there!	DOCTOR If we don't start in a quarter of an hour-- EMIL GRELIEU In half an hour, Doctor.	EMIL GRELIEU Do you know any news?	_In despair._ Not sufficient.	Oh, your Highness!	All grew quiet again.	Maurice walks quickly to the window and raises his left hand to his forehead, straightening himself in military fashion.	PIERRE No, it's hardly possible.	JEANNE Yes.	HENRIETTA And with whom are your children just now?	First of all it is necessary to wring out the air as they wring the clothes they wash, and dry it in the sun.	_Exit, almost colliding with Silvina, who is excited._ MAURICE _Whispering._ Who is it, Silvina?	François, do you hear?	Don't agitate yourself.	_Pierre reads it over the shoulder of his father.	I was foolishly excited, but do you know I could not endure it.	COMMANDER Silence!	Can't you fall asleep, Emil?	SECOND WOMAN And nothing more?	Another few days will pass, and they will crawl over to Antwerp, they will turn their jaws to the city, to the churches--Woe to Belgium, master!	RITZAU Very well.	STEIN Would you rather be in Paris?	_Singing the same tune._ He said that their numbers were too great.	EMIL GRELIEU Oh, my poor head, it is so weak-- MAURICE _Going over to him._ Forgive me, father, I'll not do it any more.	What is it, Greitzer?	STEIN But we have saved them from dullness for a long time to come.	No, no, impossible!	Must I take this off, or can you do it without removing this?