With a lithe movement Judas suddenly seized Thomas and pressed him to himself with a grip so tight that he could not move and whispered into his ear: "Good.	And it sounded like the humming of bees, like the chirping of crickets, like the singing of birds, this rejoicing in the house of Mary and Martha.	He peered.	It was He who had kissed me, but you defiled my mouth.	"Leave these tricks be.	But John and the others stopped him with terror, saying: "Madman, dost thou forget that he betrayed our Teacher into the hands of His enemies?"	But seeing that speech wearied Him they withdrew a short distance and engaged in various occupations, being themselves but little sensitive to heat and fatigue.	But the cadaverous and fetid odor which had permeated the burial robes of Lazarus, and seemingly his very body, soon disappeared completely; in the course of weeks even the bluish tint of his hands and of his countenance faded, and time also smoothed out the reddish blisters though they never vanished altogether.	Are you scared, priest?	I feel too ashamed to enter the hall."	Little by little the disciples became accustomed to Judas and ceased to notice his ugliness.	The latter glanced a moment at the priest and leaping from his place cut his way into the rear of the departing throng, bellowing with wrath and fear.	A terrible time is approaching.	"Come, let us give our last kiss, brethren, to the departed one, giving thanks unto God...." A commotion ensues in the church; some depart stealthily without exchanging any words with those who remain, and the darkened church is now only comfortably filled.	Long lasted the silence--and it was the silence of death.	But Lazarus was silent.	Be quiet!"	Since the death of the Popadya he had imposed upon himself an ascetic regime: he drank no tea, he tasted neither meat nor fish, and on days of abstinence, Wednesday and Friday, his food consisted merely of bread soaked in water.	They avoided looking into his face as he passed, fearing to succumb to the baneful spell of his eyes; but when they judged from the sound of his footsteps that he had passed on, they paused and raising their heads with a little fearsome curiosity watched the departing figure of the tall, corpulent, slightly stooping old man who was slowly wending his way into the heart of the Imperial' palace.	This was on the third day after he had emerged from his grave.	Of course, a very small sum, but is Judas dissatisfied?	repeated Mossyagin.	Satan!	He breathed heavily and fixed his gaze longingly, questioningly, on the deep and calm eyes of Jesus.	Judas managed to obtain somewhere a couple of swords, but only Peter was pleased with his foresight, and only Peter praised Jesus and the swords, while the others remarked disapprovingly: "Are the warriors to gird ourselves with swords.	Many thoughtless people jostled him in the street failing to recognize him, and only later learned the identity of that quiet corpulent man the edge of whose gaudy and festive apparel had brushed against them.	He who weepeth in the day of the great vengeance is not worthy of it, knowest thou this, Judas?	Elbow was touching upon elbow and yet it seemed to each one that he was standing alone in a boundless waste.	Two hours later Semen was taken out dead.	Their dispute was fast becoming unseemly and the Teacher was commencing to frown, when Peter chanced to look up at Judas and laughed out exultingly.	He is sick."	And we shall still sit as we are sitting now, you in your corner and I in mine.	And when he spoke, with the loud articulation of one addressing a deaf person, his voice rang with an unshakeable and terrible faith.	The column of smoke which he had seen the night before, was it not that pillar of fire which had marked for the Hebrews a path through the pathless desert?	The lights of the tapers pierce the darkness like immobile spears, and somewhere in the distance the fleeing storm mockingly chants: "Two of them.. Two of them.." Stillness.	They clothed him in rich attire, bright with the hues of hope and merriment, and when he sat among them once more, arrayed like the bridegroom in his wedding garments, and ate and drank once more, they wept for joy and summoned the neighbors to view him, who had so miraculously risen from the dead.	He saw a stuffy, crowded, dirty little room, like all the guard-houses in the world, with a floor that had been diligently spat on and with walls that were greasy and stained as if hundreds of filthy people had walked or slept upon them.	Peter turned his head in the direction of the departed Teacher and wearily answered: "I don't know."	"I fear thou mockest me, brother."	Time passed on, but still they stood there, unmoved in the maddened chase of shadow shapes and smoke, and it seemed as if they had been standing there for ages.	There might have been no difference between his ramshackle but at the threshold of the desert and the splendid and massive palace of stone, so stolidly indifferent was his unobserving glance.	His robe inflated from his swift and impetuous flight and his arms stretched upward as though he soared on wings.	"Don't you love anybody either?	"Pa-pa!"	The same horrible pall sank upon their souls and imparted a novel appearance to the old familiar world.	He longed to purge himself for the great martyrdom and the great sacrifice yet unrevealed, and his days and his nights became one ceaseless prayer, one wordless effusion.	Why are ye living whereas He is dead?	Thither!"	And as one emerging from the grave, he first felt the rays of light touching his strangely shaped skull and then his sight met the eyes of the onlookers.	A dozen times, to a dozen different priests he had related the same story, and because of this repetition it appeared to him simple and ordinary and unrelated to himself, as though it were a mere fairy tale which he had learned by heart.	Still the same sharp little stones rolled from under his feet as if dragging him back, and the mountain was high, windswept and gloomy.	Listen, Nastya!	"And who else sees them but the man himself?"	Thou art ever silent?	Listen!"	And in mute horror he reels backward throwing up his swelling arms in self-defence.	And the winter was passing quietly and happily.	And there will be no hell.	And the women heard him eagerly.	The blood of all hearts, living and dead, had nourished its roots, and it had branched out over the whole of life like a great and mighty tree.	The stiff, red fingers cannot turn the page.	The terror and the dreams of Judas are accomplished--he rises from his knees (he had been kneeling for some reason) and looks around coldly.	"Ah!"	It seemed wearied, like the face of an actor exhausted after playing a difficult part, and around his tightly shut enormous mouth lay the shadow of stern grief.	"Yes," condescendingly agreed John, "tell him who will be the first and nearest to Jesus."	What if they have comprehended that this was--the very best among men.	"Be calm.	"Of course.	He is our brother and all the money is his as well as ours, and if he needs much let him take much, telling no one nor taking counsel with any.	And when he was twitted with his mistake he shrugged his shoulders in resignation and said: "Yes, yes.	II.	Once again he sat on the rock, raising aloft his shaggy neglected beard.	She was still young, but silver threads were running through her hair, the teeth once so white had turned black, and her eyes were baggy.	A memory of something horribly distant flashes through' his mind, of some vernal laughter that had been ringing in a dim past and then died away.	Father Vassily lifted up his eyes--they were little eyes, sunken and black as coal; they were aglow with the bright reflection of the heavenly flame, and he pressed his hands to his breast and tried to say something.	There we have spring, and summer will follow.	Jesus was speaking and his disciples listened in silence.	Losing their mantles, running into the trees, stumbling against stones and falling they fled into the mountains, driven by terror and in the stillness of the moonlit night the ground resounded under their fugitive feet.	Thomas realized this and gazed again with obstinate effort.	A genuine priest and a servant of God seemed to him akin to an honest and efficient steward who requires an exact and accurate accounting from those with whom he deals.	They shake the tree of life before it yields its full fruitage and scatter to the wind its blossoming fragrance.	screamed the Iscariot towering over the high priest, encircling him with the frenzied whirlwind of his gestures and words.	While his cunning live eye was mobile he appeared to be genuine and gentle, but when both of his eyes assumed that fixed and rigid look, and the skin on his forehead gathered into queer wrinkles and folds, one received the disquieting impression that within that skull there swarmed very peculiar thoughts, utterly strange, quite peculiar thoughts that had no language of their own and they enveloped the cogitating Iscariot with a shroud of mystery so disturbing that the beholder longed to have him break the silence quickly, to stir a little or even to lie.