Also, that the places to be considered were desert, so far as human habitation or population are considered.	They made a vast kite, which they caused to be flown over the centre spot of the incursion.	Suppose we wait till we are alone and have lots of time before us."	Mr. Salton was delighted to find his young relative already constructively the owner of so fine an estate--one which gave him an important status in the county.	He got from Ross several more mongooses, including a second king-cobra-killer, which he generally carried with him in its box whenever he walked out.	There was again a pause, and Sir Nathaniel endeavoured to get back to less emotional and more neutral ground.	"To kill snakes."	Sir Nathaniel smiled in a fatherly way.	I am not usually a patient man, and the sight of that ugly devil is enough to make one's blood boil.	When Mimi was quite alone with Lilla and the need for effort had ceased, she felt weak and trembled.	Of course neighbours in the position of the Watfords knew all about Adam Salton, his relationship, circumstances, and prospects.	"But what can we do, sir--it seems a most difficult problem."	In the meantime, she would show no hurry--she must wait.	I promise you there shall be nothing that could cause him anxiety in our silence, or at which he could take umbrage."	I know it, for we were boys together.	The basement is very strong,--almost as strong and as heavy as if it had been intended as a fortress.	As for myself, the bonds of will which held me inactive seemed like bands of steel which numbed all my faculties, except sight and hearing.	Lady Arabella's anger, now fully awake, was all for Oolanga.	With his friend's aid, Adam secured the property without loss of time.	Strangely enough, as it seemed to the others, the person who took the ghastly silence least to heart was the negro.	"I killed her!	The author goes into the question of the close association of the then Edgar Caswall with Mesmer in Paris.	Adam's comment pleased the old gentleman.	"Are you sure?"	And now as to what we are to do?	This evidently made a difficulty for Mr. Caswall, for his efforts, without appearing to get feebler, seemed less effective.	"Because," he answered slowly, "I have a conviction which seems to answer all the conditions of second sight."	Then, quite unexpectedly, the negro noticed the presence of a third person--Adam Salton!	Mr. Caswall, too, took new courage from her coming, and all his masterfulness and power came back to him.	Breakfast had been a silent function, so it did not interfere in any way with the process of thought.	He played the host so well as to deceive even Adam.	From his room he could see all round the neighbourhood, but the two places that interested him most were Mercy Farm and Diana's Grove.	Unhappily, I wore it yesterday.	Caswall, without being enthusiastic on the subject, had been courteous and attentive; as she had walked back to Diana's Grove, she almost congratulated herself on her new settlement in life.	None of these was like it, though it had something of them all, with, added, the sourness of chemical waste and the poisonous effluvium of the bilge of a water- logged ship whereon a multitude of rats had been drowned.	Now, it is a scientific law that increase implies gain and loss of various kinds; what a thing gains in one direction it may lose in another.	said Adam.	"Do you think, sir, that it would be well for me to buy Diana's Grove?"	The strength used for such an act must have been terrific.	A great London physician came down but could do nothing--indeed, he said that the girl would not survive the night.	The cold of the white features thrilled through her, and she utterly collapsed when it was borne in on her that Lilla had passed away.	Don't let me ever see your hideous face here again, or I shall rid the earth of you."	"That still leaves us three to two!"	Adam and Oolanga both had pistols; Lady Arabella, who had not one, was probably the most ready of them all in the theory of shooting, but that being impossible, she made her effort in another way.	To this end, he applied himself to quite another matter--an investigation of the other treasures and rare objects in his collections.	It will help us to understand what is before us, in the way of difficulty."	At that time I would have had a search made--even excavation if necessary--at my own expense, but all suggestions were met with a prompt and explicit negative.	If so, you are wasting your time.	When he was engaged in any struggle of wits he was all diplomatist.	He said no word in either praise or disparagement, but in the centre of the Grove, where, hidden amongst ancient oak stumps, was a block of granite slightly hollowed on the top, he bent low and placed his forehead on the ground.	Later, when she was alone and had time to think, it was a passing grief to her that she would have to be silent, for a time, to Lilla on the happy events of that strange mission.	That the idea was becoming fixed in her mind, was shown by a letter which she wrote later in the day to Adam Salton, and sent to him by hand.	Caswall?"	CHAPTER XII--THE CHEST OPENED Left alone in the turret-room, Edgar Caswall carefully locked the door and hung a handkerchief over the keyhole.	That is the proper way to look at it.	He asked permission to clean and polish and sharpen them--a favour which was readily granted.	"Ha!"	He was just going out backward when Lady Arabella, who had been gazing at him with fixed eyes, caught his hand and tried to stop his movement.	You will think it strange that I should suspect the mistress of Diana's Grove, a beautiful woman of aristocratic birth.	It must be borne in mind that he thought that the heavy trunk was full of valuables, and that he believed that Lady Arabella had come to try to steal it.	So it was with Edgar Caswall, despite his selfish nature and coldness of blood.	Let nothing take your attention from Mimi, and you will win.	It seemed at first quite still; but presently, when Adam's eye became accustomed to it, he could see that it moved as if trembling.	I am willing to run the risk--for I take it there would be no slight risk in the doing.	"Then, my dear Adam, I need not wait to offer congratulations.	She looked, as she felt, ill and weak.	That was proved in New York.	He woke in the morning at daylight, and resumed his patient but unavailing study of the metal trunk.	They have all a great regard for my uncle.	The only thing that they heard of her birth was that her name was Mimi.	He made examination of the contents, but came to the conclusion that the glass objects were unsuitable.	A servant came into the room to tell Adam that there was some strange noise coming from the locked room into which he had gone when he came in.	It so filled her with fear that she had a haunting feeling that she would as soon die as live.	.	"Too early to give in, my boy."	In order to accumulate the necessary amount of fine sea-sand, he ordered the steward to prepare for an elaborate system of top-dressing all the grounds.	I wanted especially to talk with you to-night, for I cannot help thinking that the time is fast coming--if it has not come already--when we must take your uncle into our confidence.	She is a good girl--as good as she is pretty.	Adam was gathering the tools which he had been using--which, after the manner of all workmen, had been scattered about--when he noticed that several black snakes had crawled out from the heap of stones and were gathering round him.	Sir Nathaniel, who was writing at a table near the window, looked up.	This time it was by Lady Arabella, walking hurriedly and so furiously angry that she did not recognise him, even to the extent of acknowledging his bow.	All at once she turned round, threw up her hands, and fell down in a faint.	Things have changed since we agreed to keep him out of the trouble.