it would never arrive in time.	I cannot talk here with you, alone.	Stephen went on impassively.	For you and your happiness I would do anything--anything!'	When about twenty feet from the water-level the path jutted out to one side left of the little beach whereon the sea now broke fiercely.	Leave it all to me!	'But tell me, Auntie, was there never any one that you did love?'	Never in his life did he ride faster than on the road to Norling Parva.	And its glory seemed to rest upon her whilst she slept.	When they were quite alone and out of earshot she said: 'I have been thinking all night about poor mother.	'From the windows you can see all round the promontory.	You know, Auntie dear, that young men will be young men in such matters; or perhaps you do not, since the only person who ever worried you has been myself.	After all, the matter was too serious to allow of the possibility of levity.	There were tears in his eyes as he wrung the Squire's hand; his voice thrilled with feeling as he said: 'Your many goodnesses to my father's son, sir, will, I hope, be justified by his love and loyalty.	Had any one told her that her preparations for this interview were made deliberately with some of the astuteness that dominated the Devil when he took Jesus to the top of a high mountain and showed him all the kingdoms of the earth at His feet, she would have, and with truth, denied it with indignation.	As the mother looked on delighted she thought she had never seen a more beautiful sight.	He had been out there during the day, and the Captain, who had noticed his habit had had rigged up a canvas dodger on the rail on the weather side.	'Hector and I may be able to do something together.'	he said angrily, 'that letter is nothing but a simple note from a young girl to an old friend--playmate asking him to come to see her about some trivial thing.	That she was of great estate and 'richly left' made all things possible to any man who had sufficient acquisitiveness, or a good conceit of himself.	The swimmer still held the line thrown to him, and several men on the pier began to draw on it.	She would do what she could; but first she must understand the situation.	She would plan and act and manage things for herself, in her own way.	Such noble trust and generosity as you have shown me demands a return of trust.	The last phrase was added on seeing Stephen's surprised look.	Any other man who didn't know so much about swimming as he does would try to reach the lifebuoy; and would choke the two of them with the spindrift in the trying.	'Gad!	She simply asked me to give you the money.	That Spanish girl is beginning to kick too!	CHAPTER XIII--HAROLD'S RESOLVE As they went on their way Harold noticed that Leonard's breathing became more regular, as in honest sleep.	.	He plunged at once into his purpose.	There does not seem to be blame for him who is the more guilty.	You must do so; I tell you, you must!	But you certainly shall not do so till you know what I know!	The protest broke from him with a groan.	She came back to the sound of the dressing-gong with a better strength to resist the trial before her.	Confound women; they all seemed to want him to marry them!	It seemed to Harold that a great bell was sounding in his ears.--'Before the end!	Besides, there was proof.	Not having been able to obtain any reply to our letters, we sent one of our clerks first to the addresses in London, and afterwards to Oxford.	CHAPTER XXX--THE LESSON OF THE WILDERNESS In the West the two years flew.	The two men usually liked to talk over the meeting as they returned home together.	CHAPTER XIX--A LETTER On Monday evening after dinner Mr. Everard and his son sat for a while in silence.	God help you to judge wisely!'	If they are innocent, I want to know what the circumstances can be which make innocence look like guilt.	The boatswain leaning over the bow grabbed the child, and with one sweep of his strong arm took her into the boat.	I am very young; perhaps too young to think such things.	I shall kill myself if I like.'	'I don't know!'	'Why, sir,' he said, 'I put it in your name as they had written to you.	He held out his arms imploringly.	'Your title of Countess de Lannoy comes to you through your ancestor Isobel, third and youngest daughter of the sixth Earl; Messrs Collinbrae and Jackson, knowing that my firm acted for your family, communicated with us.	And oh!	There was so different a note in her voice that the other's heart leaped as she heard her say: 'God be thanked for these tears!	Harold was simply shy, and objecting to the publicity which he felt to be his fate, remained in his cabin till the trumpet had blown the dinner call.	The more we know, the better are we able to deceive others; and the better we are able to deceive others the better we are able to deceive ourselves.	He resolutely turned his back on the thought of his own side of the matter, and tried to find some justification of Stephen's act.	I thought such things did not take place; that men were more honourable, or more considerate, or more merciful!	the child anxiously called after him as he hurried away.	Beyond this first step he could do nothing, think of nothing as yet.	You may take it, Auntie dear, that in the way you mean Leonard is nothing to me; can never be anything to me!'	Unhappily the thin cord broke under the strain, and within a few seconds the swimmer had drifted out of possible help.	The self-content, the sex-content in the endless tide of young men that thronged the streets and quads and parks; the all- sufficing nature of sport or study, to whichever their inclinations tended.	So it was with Harold.	Won't you listen to me for a few minutes?	But I must know the truth as I proceed.	His heart warmed to the kindly old man and he wished to spare him pain; even if he could not accept him proposition: 'He couldn't take it ill; unless he was an awful bounder.'	'She does not know you now.	Won't you understand that I want to do what is best for you?	Harold groaned again; Leonard's eyes brightened still more, and the evil smile on his face grew broader as he began more and more to feel his power.	Whilst Harold was speaking, the doctor had told the men, who, accustomed to hunting accidents, had taken a gate from its hinges and held it in readiness, to bring it closer.	No matter what adventure came to him, the thought of neglected duty returned ever afresh.	It was hardly any wonder, then, that in time Harold found himself alone in the midst of one of the great treasure-places of the world.	Harold answered out of the bitterness of his heart.	Indeed, since I am assured of the payment of your debts, I feel justified in my action.	You will have time and opportunity where you are going.	Among the latter were the Stonehouses, who were old travellers.	A horse; he could hear its hard breathing.	But to Stephen all the mystery seemed to grow out of its first shadowy importance into something real.	'You saved my child!'	Taking a pen he turned to Miss Rowly and said: 'What shall I write?'	He never said a word about it till he threatened to kill me--the great brute!'