"So does papa," said Betty; "oh, so very much!--next to Lady Mary and Mrs.	It was the opposite side of the house from Lady Mary's own rooms, and nobody else would think anything strange of such comings and goings.	Pagot had been at Danesly before with the Duncans, and had many friends in the household.	"Lady Mary looks a queen at the head of the table, with the French prince beside her and the great Earl of Seacliff at the other side," said Pagot proudly.	"I wear muslins for very best," she said serenely.	"Now that I'm here, I'll look at the arrowheads; mayn't I, papa?"	he said, blushing crimson as both the girls laughed.	The butler and his men were more military than ever; it was altogether a famous, much-diamonded dinner company, and Lady Mary looked quite magnificent at the head.	For was not Lady Mary a very great lady indeed, and one of the most charming women in England?--a famous hostess and assembler of really delightful people?	The sun was shining, and she had been leaning out upon the great stone window-sill looking down the long slopes of the country into the wintry mists.	But suddenly the carriage stopped, and the footman jumped down and opened the door.	"Here's a bit of charred bone," he was saying eagerly to a wise-looking old gentleman, "and here's a funeral bead--just as I expected.	a procession!"	There was nothing else to do," he explained ruefully.	"I danced with you at the Duncans', at a party, just before I first went to Eton,--oh, ever so long ago!--you won't remember it; and I've seen you once besides, at their place in Warwickshire, you know.	I heard him singing 'The Bonny Ivy Tree' like a flute only yesterday, so he must know more of those other old things that Aunt Mary likes."	She had not been taught either to admire or to enjoy very much, which seemed to make her schooling count for but little so far; but she adored her father and his brilliant wit in a most lovely way, and with this affection and pride Betty could warmly sympathize.	"Oh, that was too bad," said Betty, rushing to the rescue, while Lady Mary walked on with Mr. Banfield.	said Edith wistfully.	What a splendid big room!"	"Isn't she lovely!"	They went along the corridor and down the great staircase, past the portraits and the marble busts and figures on the landings.	It was a great delight to be asked to the holiday party; many a grown person would be thankful to take Betty's place.	In the gallery itself there were quaint little heavy wooden stools for the musicians: the harpers and fiddlers and pipers who had played for so many generations of gay dancers, for whom the same lights had flickered, and over whose heads the old hangings had waved.	There was a little noise behind the eager girls, and they turned quickly.	She had wrapped some black lace about her head and shoulders, and held it gathered with one hand at her throat.	you must be an American too.	"I just came," he repeated.	Betty looked first for papa, and saw him sitting beside Lady Dimdale, who was a great friend of his; then she looked for Lady Mary, who was at the head between the two gentlemen of whom Pagot had spoken.	Poor Edith Banfield, like poor Betty, had no mother, but Edith had spent several years already at a large boarding-school.	So they started off together toward the British Museum in all the rain, with the shutter of the cab put down and the horse trotting along the shining streets as if he liked it.	This path was much shorter than the road, so that papa was sure of reaching the house first; but Betty felt a little lonely, being tired, and shy of meeting a great bright houseful of people quite by herself, in case papa should loiter.	The two girls had a delightful dinner together in the morning-room next Betty's own, and Edith's good humor was quite restored.	Papa looked really boyish, so many of the men were older than he.	Drum, the housekeeper,--all these things having been planned beforehand.	That first evening she had her dinner alone, and afterward was reading and resting after her journey in Lady Mary's own little sitting-room, which was next her own room.	Behind him came a splendid retinue of the musicians, singing and playing; every one carried some picturesque horn or trumpet or stringed instrument from Lady Mary's collection, and those who sang also made believe to play in the interludes.	"Why, of course," said Betty, with great pleasure.	When Pagot came up from her own hasty supper and "crack" with her friends to look after Betty, and to unpack, she had great tales to tell of the large and noble company assembled at Danesly House.	It was impossible not to be reminded of the day when Mary Beck came to call in Tideshead, with her best hat and bird-of-paradise feather, and they both felt so awkward and miserable.	You ought to see my aunt cast a fly."	Edith Banfield talked on in an excited, persistent way to Betty, after having finally yielded up her bag to the footman, and looking after him somewhat anxiously.	Old dislikes were forgotten between the guests; at Christmas time it is easy to say kind words that are hard to say all the rest of the year; at Christmas time one loves his neighbor and thinks better of him; Christmas love and good-will come and fill the heart whether one beckons them or no.	"I'd rather do anything than sit all through the dinner.	"There's the old gallery, you know.	"Why, aren't you going to dress?"	Just four or five people who come to tea in Tideshead can make one another's ears ache.	We've a house to look at, and it's dull weather for what I wish to do here at the museum.	"I walked over from the station across the fields.	"Not coming to dinner?"	Betty and Pagot closed the narrow door of the gallery softly behind them, and our friend went back to her own bedroom, where there was a nice fire, and nearly fell asleep before it, while Pagot was getting the last things unpacked and ready for the night.	"There's plenty of room to look.	"I have seen you with the Duncans, have I not?"	"Well, I'm awfully glad you're here," she said, with a satisfied sigh; "you know all about it better than I do, and can tell me what to put on."	Don't wait to see what is going to be done for you, but try to help entertain your fellow guests and to make the moment pleasant, and you will be sure to enjoy yourself and to find your hostess wishing you to come again.	I've put you next your father's rooms, and to-morrow Miss Banfield will be near by, and you're to dine in my little morning-room to-night.	Oh, isn't that blue gown a beauty!	I thought we might go down together if you were ready."	Such savages and their horrid ways were best forgotten by decent folks, if Pagot might be so bold as to say so.	Everybody jumped up if he wished for a plate, or for more jam, or some cold game, which was on the sideboard with many other things.	IV Betty and her father had taken a long journey from London.	He usually objects so much that I believe you have found some new way to make it easy.	"It'll be fun to surprise her.	"You're Betty Leicester, aren't you?	People don't care a bit._'" Warford was more at home in the hunting field than in the house; but the young people saw much of each other.	Lady Dimdale knows everything about music; I mean to ask her.	There was nobody else there at that moment, and the winter sun was shining in along the floor.	But we"--she suddenly foresaw a great disappointment--"we needn't go down yet, you know, Edith; we are not out, and dinner isn't like luncheon here in England.	She stole an affectionate glance now and then at Lady Mary, and had fine bits of talk with her father, who had spent a charming evening and now told Betty something about it, and how glad he was to have her see their fellow guests.	I couldn't get used to it last summer; Aunt Barbara was almost the only tea-party person in Tideshead who didn't get screaming."	And then it was soon time for the ladies to go to the drawing-room, and Betty, feeling a little tired and out of breath with so much excitement, slipped away by herself and to her own thoughts; of Lady Mary, who would be busy with her guests, but still more of papa, who must be waited for until he came to join the ladies, when she could have a talk with him before they said good-night.	She looked again at the telegram, which was much nicer than most telegrams.	Behind these were all the men in livery, two and two; and so they went round and round the table until at last Warford slipped into his seat, and the pudding was put before him with great state, while the procession waited.	Look; you can see it first between the two oaks there to the left.	"Poor souls!	It was a long way about, through two or three rooms and the great hall to the entrance; but Betty overtook Lady Mary just as she reached the great door, going forward in the most hospitable, charming way to meet the new-comers.	Lady Mary looked at her too, and was really full of wonder, because in some way Betty had managed with simple friendliness to make her shy nephew quite forget himself, and to give some feeling of belongingness to Edith Banfield, who would have felt astray by herself in a strange English house.	Betty, who had been sitting when Lady Mary came toward her, had risen at once to meet her, without thinking about it; but Edith Banfield still sat in her low chair, feeling stiff and uncomfortable, while Lady Mary did not find it easy to talk down at her or to think of anything to say.	They made a charming picture against the wall with its dark tapestry, and Lady Dimdale felt proud of her own part in the work.	and they all laughed again, as young people will.	It is an awkward time to get to a strange house, poor man; but they were in the South and took a night train that is very slow.	It was perfectly delightful that everything had gone off so well.	"They're dining in the great banquet hall itself," she said with pride.