"'Well,' says Sim Decker, 'on the twenty-third day of April Ben Dighton was hung to the yard-arm, and I see 'em do it, Lord help him!	They're curious folks, take 'em altogether, sailors is; specially these foreign fellows that wander about from ship to ship.	Bless ye!	Dreadful tough time of it with her husband, shif'less and drunk all his time.	It must have taken great courage, I think, to strike the first blow of one's axe here in the woods, and it must have been a brave certainty of one's perseverance that looked forward to the smooth field which was to succeed the unfruitful wilderness.	It was strange, to be sure, that people had lived there, and had had a home where they were busy, and where the fortunes of life had found them; that they had followed out the law of existence in its succession of growth and flourishing and failure and decay, within that steadily narrowing circle of trees.	It was a great thing to be a country minister in those old days, and to be such a minister as he was; truly the priest and ruler of his people.	"Walk in and see the wonder of the world, ladies and gentlemen,--the largest woman ever seen in America,--the great Kentucky giantess!"	That was 'most sixty year ago," said the captain, reflectively.	This led to some distressing moments for both our friends; they understood suddenly that instead of dwelling in heaven they were still upon earth, and had made themselves slaves to new laws and limitations.	Everybody lingered longest before the monkeys, who seemed to be the only lively creatures in the whole collection; and finally we made our way into the other tent, and perched ourselves on a high seat, from whence we had a capital view of the audience and the ring, and could see the people come in.	I walked the horse about slowly, picking a hard little yellow apple here and there from the boughs over my head, and at last I found a cellar all grown over with grass, with not even a bit of a crumbling brick to be seen in the hollow of it.	And the old man said, flushing a little, "Well, I'm not so smart as some of the men who started when I did, and some of 'em went ahead of me, but some of 'em didn't, after all.	How they do hold to their old haunts!"	It was amusing to see the curiosity which we aroused.	When we came away we were so glad that we could give the man more than he asked us for taking care of the horse, and his thanks touched us.	'I guess a summer shower won't hurt an old sailor like me,' says I."	We Americans had better build more fences than take any away from our lives.	I went down to see who was there, and had the pleasure of receiving our first caller.	Thoroughly at her ease, she had the manner of a lady of the olden times, using the quaint fashion of speech which she had been taught in her girlhood.	Yes, 'twas a shame, nice woman; good consistent church-member; always been respected; useful among the sick."	I thought it was a nightcap, and that she had forgotten to take it off, and dreaded her mortification if she should suddenly become conscious of it; but I need not have troubled myself, for while we were with her she pulled it on and tied it tighter, as if she considered it ornamental.	Here is the wild fruit,--the same fruit at heart as that with which the gardener wins his prize.	But there were a great many to be turned and made over in Deephaven, and she went to the Carews' and Lorimers' at house-cleaning time or in seasons of great festivity.	I remembered the Enchanted Palace and the Sleeping Beauty in the Wood, and it seemed as if I were on the way to it, and this was a corner of that palace garden.	I had been thinking about the lonely fisherman in a sentimental way, and so irrelevant a question shocked me.	And when he went away, says he to Statiry, in a dreadful knowing way, 'Which of us do you consider the deacon come to see?'	he was so good to me!	There are one or two books of mine and some little things which I have had a long time, and of which I have grown very fond.	The mania was so acute that no one had the slightest thought that she would recover or even live long.	We had a grand chance to see the fashions, and there were many old people and a great number of little children, and some families had evidently locked their house door behind them, since they had brought both the dog and the baby.	Let me alone, I say!'	They'll be obliged, I'm sure.	said I.	It need not have troubled itself; nobody would ever wish to sit there.	Every walk of this kind proves itself a tour of exploration and discovery, and the fields of my own town, which I think I know so well, are always new fields.	He said he'd outgrown it dreadful quick.	The stars faded away and the moon came up out of the sea, and we barred the great hall door and went up stairs to bed.	says he, edging round; 'I'll change it for ye, then.'	He looks older, but just the same other ways, and he's got long hair, like a horse's mane, all down over his shoulders.'	The children in front of us mildly scuffled with each other at one time, until the one at the end of the pew dropped a marble, which struck the floor and rolled with a frightful noise down the edge of the aisle where there was no carpet.	"Suppose we go down, now," said Mr. Lorimer, long before Kate and I had meant to propose such a thing; and our feeling was that of dismay.	seeing her has took away all the fun," said Mrs. Kew ruefully; and we were all dismal for a while, but at last, after we were fairly started for home, we began to be merry again.	"There's some scud coming in a'ready," said he.	Sometimes there were red India scarfs in spite of its being hot weather; but our favorite ones were long strips of silk, embroidered along the edges and at the ends with dismal-colored floss in odd patterns.	They have much in common, after all, with the plants which grow up out of the ground and the wild creatures which depend upon their instincts wholly."	She never was no great of a mouser, but it went to my heart to see how pleased she looks!	Snow's kind heart to be made of flint.	"What a pitiful ending it is," said Kate.	It felt like winter, and the captains rolled more than ever as they walked, as if they were on deck in a heavy sea.	I'll remember it for ye some day if you'll put me in mind.	"A little," said Kate, "but we had nearly given it up.	"How time does slip away!	The door fitted loosely, and the man gave it a vindictive shake, as if he thought that the poor house had somehow been to blame, and that after a long desperate struggle for life under its roof and among the stony fields the family must go away defeated.	But the greatest was--land!	asked Kate.	Our thoughts are our own; God gives our life to us moment by moment, but He gives it to be our own.	Mis' Hate-evil Beckett, says she, 'It does make my man feel dreadful to see his brother's folks carry on so.'	But he didn't seem to gain, and me and 'Bijah both told him he'd be better to kill now, while everything was favor'ble, and if he set out to wait something might happen to him, and then I've always held that you can't get no hog only just so fur, and for my part I don't like these great overgrown creatur's.	I had a good deal o' trouble, and I thought I'd lost my health, but I hadn't, and that was thirty or forty years ago.	She liked to go round same's if it was day.	said she, with a tone of pity in her grum voice; could it be possible he didn't know,--the Deephaven minister!	Then there was another brother who was insane, and who became so violent that he was chained for years in one of the upper chambers, a dangerous prisoner.	When Mr. Lorimer shook hands with her, at leaving, she made him a most reverential courtesy.	Andrew and Moses, they were holding him with all their might, and they were both hearty men, but he 'most got away from them once or twice, and he screeched and howled like a mad creatur', and then he would cry again like a child.	All the boys in town came as soon as possible to see these amazing pictures, and some were wretched in their secret hearts at the thought that they might not see the show itself.	That was a good while ago; and do you rec'lect how she used to play the piano?	"He was a real willin', honest man, Andrew was," said our new friend, "but he used to be sickly, and seemed to have no luck, though for a year or two he got along some better.	"They're dreadful nervous, all them Ashes," said Mrs.	"Gran'ther he got his breakfast and started right off for Boston, and got there early the second day, and went right down on the wharves.	says he.	I cannot make fun of what was once dear to somebody, and which realized somebody's ideas of beauty or fitness.	"Could you wait out by the red buoy while we get a few more, and then should you be back by noon, or are you going for a longer voyage, Captain Sands?"	And she bowed gravely, when we thanked her and begged her pardon, we hardly knew why, and came away.	The picture belongs most to the man who loves it best and sees entirely its meaning.	She occupied, on the whole, much the same position that Mrs. Betty Barker did in Cranford.	And then he recollected himself, and was silent, which his audience must confess to have regretted for a moment.	I should not care to enlarge my acquaintance to any great extent."	Kate asked if she would be kind enough to lend us a tumbler (for ours was in the basket, which was given into Tommy's charge).	Land!	He meant well.	We used to discuss the weather, and I said that I went to school (sometimes), or that it was then vacation, as the case might be, and we tried to make ourselves agreeable to each other.	I've seen him a good many times.