a grave man.	It is now known as the Jhilum, one of the five rivers which give the Punjaub its name.	'Your abilities, since your Homer, are not so formidable,' says Johnson in the knockdown letter which he addressed to him in 1775.	But let us try these truths with closer eyes, And trace them through the prospect as it lies: 100 Here for a while my proper cares resign'd, Here let me sit in sorrow for mankind, Like yon neglected shrub at random cast, That shades the steep, and sighs at every blast.	Thou best humour'd man with the worst humour'd muse.	to thee a streaming flood of woe, 5 Sighing we pay, and think e'en conquest dear; QUEBEC in vain shall teach our breast to glow, Whilst thy sad fate extorts the heart-wrung tear.	What pity, alas!	Dr. Baker, to whose house the poet was invited, was Dr. (afterwards Sir George) Baker, 1722-1809.	FIRST PROPHET.	O Luxury!	Yet these each other's power so strong contest, That either seems destructive of the rest.	(Congreve's Love for Love, 1695, iv.	says Jove, who with nectar was mellow') hits off many of Goldsmith's contradictions and foibles with considerable skill (v. Davies's Garrick, 2nd ed., 1780, ii.	The Calverts and Humphrey Parsons were noted brewers of 'entire butt beer' or porter, also known familiarly as 'British Burgundy' and 'black Champagne.'	Hence ostentation here, with tawdry art, Pants for the vulgar praise which fools impart; Here vanity assumes her pert grimace, 275 And trims her robes of frieze with copper lace; Here beggar pride defrauds her daily cheer, To boast one splendid banquet once a year; The mind still turns where shifting fashion draws, Nor weighs the solid worth of self-applause.	Mr. Bunbury frets, and I fret like the devil, To see them so cowardly, lucky, and civil.	335 page 146 Then the right Elephant with martial pride Roved here and there, and spread his terrors wide: Glittering in arms from far a courser came, Threaten'd at once the King and Royal Dame; Thought himself safe when he the post had seized, 340 And with the future spoils his fancy pleased.	1889, p. 600:—'There was much laughing about Mrs. Beecher Stowe [then (16th March, 1853) expected in England], and what we were to give her.	Henry Sampson Woodfall, printer of The Public Advertiser.	And, since 'tis hard to combat, learns to fly.	Mitford, who printed The Captivity from Newbery's version, records a number of 'first thoughts' afterwards altered or improved by the author in his MS. Modern editors have not reproduced them, and their example has been followed here.	Alas!	'The embellishments of Kew palace and gardens, under the direction of [Sir William] page 219 Chambers, and others, was the favourite object of her [Royal Highness's] widowhood' (Bolton Corney).	Save us, O Lord!	Some editors needlessly read 'the gay birds' to lengthen the line.	None of these corresponds exactly with Goldsmith's text; and the lady's name is uniformly given as 'Leonilla.'	Reynolds painted his portrait for Burke, and it was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1772 (No.	Posterity has been less hesitating in its verdict.	While moderate and just spectators of the Johnson type could recognize the sincerity of men, who, like Wesley, travelled 'nine hundred miles in a month, and preached twelve times a week' for no ostensibly adequate reward, there were others who saw in Methodism, and especially in the extravagancies of its camp followers, nothing but cant and duplicity.	I want the reward.	Dryden in Annus Mirabilis, 1666, st. clxiv.	EDITIONS OF THE POEMS.	Pain met thee like a friend that set thee free; Affliction still is virtue's opportunity!	First of the train the patient rustic came, Whose callous hand had form'd the scene, Bending at once with sorrow and with age, 30 With many a tear and many a sigh between; 'And where,' he cried, 'shall now my babes have bread, Or how shall age support its feeble fire?	'Then, pilgrim, turn, thy cares forgo; All earth-born cares are wrong: 30 Man wants but little here below, Nor wants that little long.'	also Dean Barnard's verses (Northcote's Life of Reynolds, 2nd ed., 1819, i.	See also note to l. 125.	SECOND ISRAELITISH PROPHET.	FIRST PROPHET.	73-4.	But the unexpected ability of the retort seems to have prompted a number of ex post facto performances, some of which the writers would probably have been glad to pass off as their first essays.	A pretty and well- known story is told with regard to this couplet.	145, announcing that a famous 'torse' has been discovered to be not 'a Cleopatra bathing' but 'a Hercules spinning'; and Charles Primrose's experiences at Paris (Vicar of Wakefield, 1766, ii.	The Swiss mercenaries, here referred to, were long famous in European warfare.	This thoroughly characteristic song, for a parallel to which one must go to Congreve, or to the 'Here's to the maiden of bashful fifteen' of The School for Scandal, has one grave defect,—it is too good to have been composed by Tony Lumpkin, who, despite his inability to read anything but 'print- hand,' declares, in Act i. Sc.	He afterwards became a general, and died in 1804.	(Encyclop.	Scarce half alive, oppress'd with many a year, What in the name of dotage drives me here?	It was prepared for the composer in little more than two days: and may be considered therefore rather as an industrious effort of gratitude than of genius.	But Steele had already touched this subject in Spectator, No.	Timon of Athens, Act v. Sc.	The Right Hon.	e.g.—The references to the musical glasses (ch.	Reynolds advanced, and looked past Goldsmith's shoulder at the writing on his desk.	A CHALDEAN ATTENDANT.	SPEAKERS.	Fourth FELLOW.	Cf.	That she came with some terrible news from the baker: notes page 99 And so it fell out, for that negligent sloven Had shut out the pasty on shutting his oven Sad Philomel thus—but let similes drop— 115 And now that I think on't, the story may stop.	notes page 22 In regretting the depopulation of the country, I inveigh against the increase of our luxuries; and here also I expect the shout of modern politicians against me.	How sad the groves and plains appear, And sympathetic sheep; 10 Even pitying hills would drop a tear!— If hills could learn to weep.	(Present State of Polite Learning, 1759, pp.	; who lately, from the mere force of his style, wrote down the first poet of all antiquity.'	I'll give thee.	Yon ill foreboding cloud seems big with thunder.	or To be sold to the best Bidder, My seat in Parliament being vacated.	Toroddle, toroddle, toroll.	48)—'was totally void of character,'—a crushing accusation to make against a drama.	'Epilogue to Mrs. Lenox's Sister.'	burn ye.	'— 'But consider their case,—it may yet be your own!	30 Since then, unhelp'd, our bard must now conform 'To 'bide the pelting of this pitiless storm'— Blame where you must, be candid where you can; And be each critic the Good Natur'd Man.	See note to line 34.	Here as I take my solitary rounds, Amidst thy tangling walks, and ruin'd grounds, And, many a year elaps'd, return to view Where once the cottage stood, the hawthorn grew, 80 notes page 26 Remembrance wakes with all her busy train, Swells at my breast, and turns the past to pain.	But as the King stood o'er against him there, Helpless, forlorn, and sunk in his despair, page 156 The martial Queen her lucky moment knew, | 650 Seized on the farthest seat with fatal view, | Nor left th' unhappy King a place to flee unto.	Tho' CATO liv'd, tho' TULLY spoke, Tho' BRUTUS dealt the godlike stroke, Yet perish'd fated ROME.	Pour témoigner de ma flame, Iris, du meilleur de mon ame Je vous donne à ce nouvel an Non pas dentelle ni ruban, Non pas essence, ni pommade, Quelques boites de marmelade, Un manchon, des gans, un bouquet, Non pas heures, ni chapelet.	Nor ceased from his attempts until he stood On the long-wished-for spot, from whence he could Slay King or Queen.	also that close observer Crabbe (The Borough, Letter xxii, ll.	He was a jovial, good-natured, over-blunt Irishman, the legal adviser of both Burke and Reynolds.	70 FIRST PRIEST.	Goldsmith may have been familiar with this name in connexion with his friend Oglethorpe's expedition of 1733. crouching tigers, a poetical licence, as there are no tigers in the locality named.	Young Hermes leap'd, with sudden joy elate; And then, to save the monarch from his fate, Led on his martial Knight, who stepp'd between, Pleased that his charge was to oppose the Queen— 550 Then, pondering how the Indian beast to slay, That stopp'd the Foot from making farther way,— From being made a Queen; with slanting aim An archer struck him; down the monster came, And dying shook the earth: while Phoebus tries 555 Without success the monarch to surprise.