It did not take me long to relate the incident of the Mexican.	When the noise stopped and I looked again, the bear was a sight not to be forgotten.	Let her burn.	So, with this in mind, I entered a general merchandise store.	Bang!	He warned Greaser and Herky to keep close watch over Dick and me.	But there weren't any bears up them.” “You must keep out of his way if he comes down on you.	The sleepy porter was mopping the floor.	“Thet'll be some work goin' down that!” called Hiram.	If the men were hired by Buell I wanted to know what they were quarrelling about.	The sun had gone down behind the mountain, and the shadows were gathering when I came to another large canyon.	To me it did not appear much more serious than before.	It all brought into my mind a picture I had seen of the end of the world.	Momentarily we stood irresolute.	Then I saw Bill and Herky running up the gorge, and, farther down, Bud staggering and lurching.	Buell's gaze followed Bud's, and his face grew curious, intent, then fixed in a cunning, bold smile of satisfaction.	I'd enjoy seeing Greaser swing.	This mountain-torrent was about twenty feet wide, but its swiftness and foam made it impossible to tell its depth.	As I trudged along behind him I spoke of Dick Leslie, and asked if there were not some way to get him out of the clutches of the lumber thieves.	Every stone and log, every bit of hard ground in my path, served to help hide my trail.	Them were life and movement in it, and something terribly sinister.	“Must we hang up here to be shot at?	The fire seemed to make and drive the wind.	Passing down into a little hollow I lost it again.	“Sure, kid, thet hole's full of trout--speckled trout,” said Herky-Jerky.	I heard hoarse shouts and saw dark forms rising as if out of the earth.	It was hard enough for me to carry my rifle and keep up with the hunter without talking.	Greaser came limping back into the cabin, and found a seat without any one speaking.	Jerking the knife from the log, I severed the ropes round my ankles and leaped up.	Smoke and dust and ashes blew by with the wind.	I ain't acquainted with Leslie, or any of them fellers you named except Jim Williams.	The run back was very swift.	Dick had certainly landed hard on Bill.	Git some water, Herky.	Presently Dick breathed heavily and Hiram snored.	As I went cautiously on I felt a tightening at my throat.	It was next to a certainty that he had seen the lumbermen, and for reasons best known to himself had not returned to the cabin.	Though I had only aimed at him generally, I took a good deal of pride in my first shot at a deer.	There, looking down, he saw an enemy below him, and hesitated.	And I kept saying, “I'm lost!	Instantly I conceived the idea of cutting my bonds with this knife.	Dick led me outside, where we were soon joined by Jim.	Stockton detailed the Mexican to keep guard over us.	drip!	We rode briskly down the broad brown aisles, across the sunny glades, under the murmuring pines.	My mind worked fast.	First the pack fell over the off-side; next, on top of me; then the saddle slipped awry, and when I did get the pack to remain stationary upon the patient pony, how on earth to tie it there became more and more of a mystery.	A belt carried a huge knife and a number of shells of large caliber; the Winchester he had was exceedingly long and heavy, and of an old pattern.	That's why I'm givin' you advice.	I lay there a-quiver, eyes upon the gray window space of my room.	Dick's eyes glinted from his pale face.	We did not climb the foot-hill by the trail which the Mexican had used, but took a long, slow ascent far round to the left.	We were getting down into Penetier.	“Many men on this job?” I asked.	Dick flashed me a significant look, which was as much as to say that Jim was growing suspicious.	Formerly the lumbermen bought so much land and cut over it--skinned it.	I felt the skin tighten on my face.	But I did not mean to stay.	“He's well broke,” said Cless.	“We'll encourage him.	One bounded leisurely up the slope; the other, with long ears erect, stopped to look at me.	I backed down the slope, crossed the trail, and came up on the other side.	But evidently they thought Buell seemed on the verge of losing control of himself.	I doubt if the Westerners will take to forestry.	For the moment my animosity toward the Mexican vanished, and with it the old hunger to be in the thick of Wild Western life.	I knew him by his bow-legs.	Soon we were climbing again, and I saw that Hiram meant to head the canyon where I had left Dick.	With rifle ready I cautiously approached the bear.	Now that I was caught he did not appear at all mean or harsh.	I knowed Jim.	I thought you were going to hop on the first train for home.” “Dick, you had another think coming.	“Dick, something will be doing round Holston before many days.” “That's no joke, you can bet,” replied Dick, wiping his face.	Stepping softly along, I glanced about me with sharp eyes.	The dining-room was more attractive than anything I had yet seen about the place: the linen was clean, and the ham and eggs and coffee that were being served to several rugged men gave forth a savory odor.	If he had not slipped out of the room he had hidden under the brush of the fallen loft or in a pile of blankets.	The morning air was cool, and dry as toast; the smell of pitch-pine choked my nostrils.	Often as I had made camp back in the woods of Pennsylvania, the doing of it now was new.	Next I broke open a box of cartridges and loaded the Winchester.	I could not sit quietly waiting any longer.	This tree?	One more wriggle brought me close to Dick, with my face near his hands, which were bound behind him.	The lumberman gave a smothered groan, then clattered down the ladder and rolled on the floor.	Splash!