There he would find gold--pure gold--wonderful fortune to bring back to his poor people to build a church for them, and a city.	When he touched them golden ashes drifted from them and blew down among the rocks.	It would be dreadful if they were to kill anybody, or especially if one of them should be killed.” “Miss Hammond, you've changed things considerable out here, but you can't change these men.	I took him in to see Bonita.	Bonita will tell you some staggerin' news about that outfit.	“Come hyar, you son-of-a-gun,” said Stillwell.	She marked the gray valley and the black mountains and the wide, red gateway of the desert, and the dim, shadowy peaks, blue as the sky they pierced.	He leaped at his black horse and dragged him to where his saddle lay.	In helping him had she hedged round her forces that had just operated to save her life, or if not that, more than life was to her?	The wind would blow us off this slope if the rain didn't wash us off.	Madeline was uneasy because several of her party, including Helen and Dorothy, had ridden off with the cowboys that afternoon and had not returned.	In the background behind Stillwell and Alfred stood Nick Steele, head and shoulders over a number of vaqueros and cowboys.	What time did you arrive at El Cajon thet night?” “It was after eleven o'clock,” replied Madeline.	“What's wrong?” asked Nels, lifting his hand again.	“My word is not lightly given.	Upon the ascent of the third ridge, which Madeline remembered was the last uneven ground between the point she had reached and home, Florence exercised even more guarded care in advancing.	His grave face, paler than she had ever beheld it, caused her to stretch an appealing hand toward him.	The feel of the thing revived her.	He was assuring and bland, but his hurry to convince Madeline betrayed him.	She felt the pound of his heart; her own seemed to have frozen.	When he had learned all Florence and Madeline would tell him he expressed a desire to have the cowboys attend; and then he went on to talk about California, where he was going take Florence on a short trip.	“Now, Nels, cut the gurl loose,” ordered Monty.	These flying bands, operating under the excitement of the revolution, appeared here and there, everywhere, in remote places, and were gone as quickly as they came.	It was only a matter of a few moments for her to close and bar the heavy shutters, yet even as she was fastening the last one in the room she used as an office a clattering roar of hoofs seemed to swell up to the front of the house.	Cool down, son; it'll all come right.” Suddenly Madeline was transfixed by a terrible sound.	Madeline had to believe that a hard and perilous life in a barren and wild country developed great principles in men.	Madeline caught herself in time.	He lost his spirit.	He's notorious fer shirkin' his share of the grub deal.	She sent Nels, mounted upon his own horse, and leading Majesty, to Rodeo in search of Stewart.	Get back from in front.” “Oh, that was one of them durned crazy words Monty is always hollerin'.	Whatever that something was, it dispelled Stewart's impatience.	Perhaps it was the last thing needed to transform these men, doing unaccustomed duty as escorts of beautiful women, to their natural state as men of the wild.	It was perhaps fortunate for her, she thought, that the climb up the slope cut the black's speed so she could manage him.	He's a man, Miss Majesty, a wonderful man.	Stewart, however, immediately slipped out of her mind as she surveyed the group of cowboys on the links.	It was the dark hour before dawn.	I charge you as an officer to confiscate these goods and to arrest the smuggler--Don Carlos.” These words of Stewart's precipitated a riot among Don Carlos and his followers, and they surged wildly around the sheriff.	Madeline did not recognize Stewart.	She was haunted by Monty Price's terrible smile.	“If I did I'd--I'd--” Her eyes expressed the direful punishment she could not speak.	The halls were dark, the rooms huge, empty, and musty; and there was an air of silence and secrecy and mystery about them most fitting to the character Florence had bestowed upon the place.	She saw no one.	Wild!	The men, moreover, were just as hungry and as wild and beggarly.	Through the troops along the border!	They got so they couldn't kill a coyote, a crippled calf in a mud-hole.	But when she came!	Madeline heard Boyd Harvey ask Stewart if lawlessness such as he had mentioned was not unusual.	The horse neared the corrals, disappeared into a lane, and then, breaking his gait again, thundered into the inclosure and pounded to a halt some twenty yards from where Stillwell waited for him.	This surprised her, but not nearly so much as the fact that after a few weeks she found she scarcely remembered the adventures at all.	He's been hurt, I reckon.	Madeline could tell that, though she did not know what was said.	Take a look at the last dog-gone weight you ever packed!	Just how it all happened seemed to be beyond Christine.	Madeline thought she had never seen such a clear-eyed, healthy, splendid girl.	The ground appeared to be flat, but the road went up and down over little ridges.	A red glow faded in the west.	Now here, I'm supposed to be consulting an officer of the law.	She's told me how she was dragged down here, how Gene tried to save her, how you spoke up for Gene an' her, too, how Monty at the last throwed his guns.	Now, if you really will see him, Miss Hammond, it's a good chance.	But the fire ketched Monty at the last.	“Wal, that's a plumb good idee.	He had left his guns there.	“The only trouble would be--could anybody stop looking at the scenery long enough to hit a ball?	You holler law, an' my way is the ole law.” His breath came quicker, his voice grew hoarser, and he crouched lower.	Florence, for long you have promised to tell us the story of the lost mine of the padres.	Stewart's dark eyes searched the slopes high up along the craggy escarpments.	Ah, there's a horse climbing the hill!	“I'll sure tell you what Gene Stewart will do,” said Florence.	I come down that day Gene sent his horse Majesty to you.	'Gene,' he says, 'what the hell struck you?'	“Miss Majesty, it'll be some oninterestin' ride all mawnin'.	Bent and stiff--that means every muscle is like a rawhide riata.	Is that necessary?	But before he died he went to the old Indians who had burned the maiden, and he begged them, when he was dead, to burn his body and to cast his ashes to the wind from that wonderful slope, where they would blow away to mingle forever with those of his Indian sweetheart.	Sneed dropped the manacles.	He had been so bitterly hurt that no one, not even Madeline, could get out of him what had happened.	One evening at twilight, as Madeline was leaving her tent, she encountered Monty.	I hate to preach this way.	The subtle consciousness of change in her was the birth of that faith she had revered in Stillwell.	“Them critters?	He groaned, and, staggering up to the broken wall, he leaned there with his face hidden.