[Illustration: DIAGRAM IV.	Supposing the Russian losses to be no greater than the Western Allies (they probably are somewhat greater, from the conditions of the fighting), or call them 30 per cent.	In Germany you can do nothing of the kind.	He has belt, pouches, pack covering to match.	The actual wording of news is often chosen in order to deceive, although the figures may be accurate.	So it is worth while if one is attempting to form a sound opinion upon the present campaign to see exactly how and why numbers are the deciding factor in war.	It is essential to Prussia that no really independent Poland should re-arise, even mutilated.	Supposing you have, for instance, under such conditions as those of Diagram I, a line of trenches A-B holding the issue between two obstacles X and Y against an enemy who attacks from the direction E. The number of men holding these trenches, A-B, is nine units, and this number is just enough, and only just enough, to prevent an enemy attacking from E getting through.	And, luckily for us, that wastage has been particularly heavy in the matter of officers.	To keep such a web untangled, duly stretched, and accurately working is an effort of organization such as will never be seen in civilian life, and such as was never seen, even in military life, until modern times.	False news, too readily credited, does not leave people merely insufficiently informed, conscious of their ignorance, and merely grumbling because they cannot learn more, it has the positive effect of putting them into the wrong frame of mind, of making them support what they should not support, and neglect what they should not neglect.	And in time of war the whole nation begins at once to use instruments right and left for military purposes, which instruments had been originally designed for civilian purposes.	The list of questions, detailed and general, which have already been wholly or partly answered by the present campaigns might be indefinitely extended.	Why must the Censor act thus?	But when large, and at the same time mobile howitzers were constructed which, though they fired shells of a quarter of a ton and more, could go along almost over any ground and be fired from almost anywhere, and moved at comparatively short notice from one place to another, it was another matter.	Without it or against it in time of war you cannot govern.	But at the opening of the war, say by the middle of September, when she had perhaps at the most two-and-a-half million men in Poland, the total forces of the enemy, that is the total number of men Austria and Germany had equipped, trained, and ready for the field since the beginning of the war, was at least eight million.	Paris has been almost bereft of them.	Remember that these official German falsehoods, countersigned by the General Staff and the Government, are as rare as they are solid.	So much for an illustration of what is meant by absolute numbers and of their importance in the present phase of the campaign.	Holland   12.	Let us begin with the differences.	[Illustration: DIAGRAM X.	Thus the German 11.2-inch howitzer, of which we have heard so much in this war, has a maximum range when it is elevated to 43 degrees, or very nearly half-way between pointing flat and pointing straight up--and howitzers can be fired, of course, at a much higher angle than that if necessary.	I have before me as I write extract after extract of that sort.	France: with Alsace-Lorraine.	The various Governments issuing the communiqués have acquired certain habits in them which are worth noting if one is attempting to get at an accurate view of the war, and these habits may be briefly described as follows: The British Government publishes short notes of advances made or of positions maintained, but very rarely refers to the losing of ground.	2.	An independent Catholic Southern Slav or Croat State, probably a holding of Vienna.	[Illustration: MAP III.	With the northern Slavs we count the Bohemians or Czechs, the Poles, and the Russians--using the latter term, of course, for many distinct but connected groups, for it is certain that Russia proper must remain a unity.	There is one other point which I have already alluded to briefly, in which German communiqués may mislead, and that is in the way they handle statistics.	The Allied forces had advantages--the English in personal equipment, medical and commissariat service; the French, Russians, and Serbians, in the type of field gun.	of their total population, the Russians 1 per cent., the Germans perhaps 5 per cent., the Austrians between 3 and 4 per cent., the Serbians quite 10 per cent.--and 10 per cent.	This seemed obvious, but the critics of the second system of close or swarm formation always said that, though they admitted its enormous power if it could be used at all, it could not be used because its losses would be so enormous against modern firearms.	It is advisable not only to discover such novelties, but also the permanent features, which even modern machinery and modern numbers have not changed.	The six remaining sections would have to group themselves as above, and in either case there would be a bad gap.	A modern quick-firing piece, firing moderately, will get rid of a ten pound note in ammunition in a minute.	The “Ring” Fortress (1860-1914)--a series of detached forts lying three or four miles outside the inner place of stores, barracks, etc., which it was desired to defend.]	It will be seen that, from this rough calculation, the wastage of the enemy has been so much greater than our own that, if it were absolute, his preponderance in numbers would have ceased, and the figures would stand nearly equal.	We may take it that the object is nearly always domestic and political.	Ultimately, all Europeans have much the same potential _moral_.	They could direct all their trade at will towards Antwerp to the starvation of Rotterdam.	Roumania   16.	It needs adaptation, it is used far more roughly, has a shorter life, and is being therefore more expensively consumed.	To-day the 11-inch howitzer, with a range of about six miles, capable of hiding behind any elevation and not to be discovered by any gun within the fortress, and, further, capable of being moved at a moment’s notice if it is discovered, has the fortress at its mercy.	I mean by the effect of absolute numbers the fact that a certain minimum is required for any particular operation.	The first of these is so much the more obvious in the public eye that it is often alone considered.	Lastly, there is the indeterminate but heavy medical expense.	The whole process may be compared to the perpetual running of millions of double threads, which reach from every soldier back ultimately to the central depots of the army, and thence to the manufactories, and these double threads perpetually working back and forth from the manufactories to the Front.	And these chief points with regard to supply may be put briefly in three groups.	She would keep Alsace-Lorraine; she would keep in subjection the Poles who are already in subjection to her; she would leave the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy under the Hapsburgs with all its present possessions, whether those possessions grossly interfered with national realities or no.	For instance, in this example of the supposed investment of Cracow.	These earthworks were star-shaped, sending out a number of projecting angles, so that an attack launched upon any point would receive converging fire from two points of the star, and the entrances were further protected by outer works called horn works.	Racially, the Roumanians are probably Slavs for the most part, but their tongue is a Latin tongue; they are proud of Latin descent, and they are just as much a wedge between the Slavs of the north and south as the Magyars themselves.	But if we consider only the principal ones we shall find that they fall roughly into two main categories.	If you want to make your shell fall into a trench of a fortification or come down exactly on the top of the shelter in a fort, as at A, the trench in the fifth diagram, or at B, the shelter, it is obvious that your howitzer firing from H, and lobbing a projectile along the high-angle trajectory M, will have a much better chance of hitting it than your gun G, sending a projectile further, indeed, but along the flatter trajectory N. Of course, another howitzer within the fortifications could, in theory, lob a shell of its own over the hill and hit the besieging howitzer, but in practice it is very easy for the besieging howitzer to find out exactly where the vulnerable points of the fortress are--its trenches and its shelter and magazine--and very difficult for the people in the fortress to find out where the howitzer outside is.	If the extreme point at which you can stop a rush is the line L-L then you must have at least enough men--a-a-a--to cover that line with their fire.]	When you are dealing with many miles of men whose armament is not only destructive at a great distance, but also over a wide belt of ground, you have, in the first place, a vast extension of any possible defensive lines.	(2) Now what of _Proportionate_ numbers?	It is always absolutely wise to prevent the enemy in time of war from learning things which would be an aid to him.	The castles went down like nine-pins.	They are wise to do   this because there is no need to tell the enemy more than   he may know of his own success.	Every time one of them fires a shot it fires away fifteen shillings.	The remarkable general accuracy of the official German communiqués cannot be due to any other object.	B represents the French and the first British contingent; C what the Russians could do.	NUMBERS IN WAR _In which it is explained why, other things being equal, numbers are always the deciding element in warfare, and how the enemy had a superiority throughout the autumn and winter (written late in the winter of 1914-1915)._ NUMBERS IN WAR The general reader hears continually in these times that _numbers_ are the decisive element in war.	The Wall of China is one great instance of them; the Roman Wall over the North of Britain, from sea to sea, is another; and the long-fortified Roman frontier from the Rhine to the Danube was a third.	That, for instance, was the object of a castle in the Middle Ages.	But it was certain that she could not equip more than a certain number in a given time, or train them, or officer them, or govern them.	Here is one fairly graphic way of showing what this scale of supply means.	[Illustration: DIAGRAM V. If you want to make your shell fall into a trench of a fortification, A, or come down exactly on the top of the shelter in a fort, B, it is obvious that your howitzer, firing from H, and lobbing a projectile along the high-angle trajectory M, will have a much better chance of hitting it than your gun G, sending a projectile further indeed but along the flatter trajectory N.] The advantage of the howitzer is two-fold.	It is evident that a mile of trench, for instance, could not be held by half-a-dozen men, even if the forces opposed to them were only a half-dozen.	Thus it would be no shortening of the German line to fall back upon the Rhine.	Secondly, the howitzer can drop its shell into a comparatively narrow trench, which the projectile of a gun with its flat trajectory will probably miss.	You must be able, as you retreat, to check your enemy appreciably before you can trace such a line; you must be able to hammer him badly with heavy guns stronger than his own while you are making it, and unless you are present in very great numbers you will only be able to draw it over a comparatively short line which your enemy may be able to turn by the left or the right.	The position of Holland after a German settlement might not uncertainly be compared to the position of Hamburg in the old days, on a larger scale, a free State just as Hamburg was a free city.	The French had in the field at the outset of the war 5 per cent.	Its main principles are simple enough.	She would leave it as independent in its own eyes as it was before; she might insist upon an alliance with the Dutch army, she would certainly insist upon commercial terms, and probably rights of using certain ports in certain cases for war.	And, what is more grave, opinion is sometimes led to misjudge altogether the nature of war by these novelties.	It is, however, minutely accurate and even detailed in helping us to locate the fluctuations of the front, and by the aid of the French communiqués we can follow the war upon the map better than by the aid of any other.	The public critique of the war is filled with estimates of enemy and allied numbers, numbers of reserve, numbers of killed, numbers of prisoners.