Scant years after he had written those prophetic words the thing was happening.	But the ship print was directly in his line of vision.	To forget twice in a row would be just too much.	But try as he would his befuddled brain failed to find the answer.	It was disquieting to have something like that happen.	He had to know more.	He moved forward rapidly.	He could see it all now.	And somehow those gruesome statistics seemed tied up with his own experience.	There was nothing outside the window.	The rest of his house was gone.	The second shelf contained but one book.	Vague and indistinct, yet cast in stereoscopic outline, a gigantic city was lined against the darkling sky.	The cold of fear and horror, the chill of a half whispered thought.	Yet both occupy the same space._ _Granting then that the power of men's minds alone holds this universe, or at least this world in its present form, may we not go farther and envision other minds in some other plane watching us, waiting, waiting craftily for the time they can take over the domination of matter?	But those things he put away as items far removed from his own small world.	He read it again, unbelieving, for this shouldn't be Grant Street, but Marshall.	And as he continued to look, something else seemed to take form above that wall.	There was no bedroom.	He opened his mouth and strained his vocal cords and filled his lungs to bursting with the urge to shriek ... but not a sound came from his lips.	Now....	Slowly it drew together, ironed out its queer angles, readjusted its dimensions, became once again the stodgy house he knew it had to be.	This room would stay.	There were not sufficient minds in existence to retain the material world in its mundane form.	Again the fantastic happenings of the night before came back to haunt him and as he lay there, staring at the windows, he remembered them, one by one.	Billions of minds seeing trees as trees, houses as houses, streets as streets ... and not as something else.	Something, somewhere, some part of his earlier life, seemed to hold an explanation.	Mr.	And when the rest of the room was gone, this corner with his favorite chair would remain.	Like an automaton he turned again and paced to the hall door.	Might not the street be as it always was, with laughing children and barking dogs?	For a moment the memory of happier days swept over him.	Panting, he reached the gate and stumbled up the walk, thankful that it still was there.	Was something happening in the world which he, in his secluded life, knew nothing about?	And as he sought to flee he stayed in the one place.	He alone had furnished it.	By an insidious mass hypnosis minions from that other dimension ... or was it one supreme intelligence ... had deliberately sown the seeds of dissension.	The reduction of the world's mental power had been carefully planned with diabolic premeditation.	Was it his imagination, or did the lamp on the table blur and begin to fade away?	The timepiece hadn't stopped, for it still ticked audibly.	But as he stared at it, it became clear again, a solid, substantial thing.	He moved through the hall to the door, emerged into the street.	It was strangely lop-sided, its dimensions out of proportion, like a house that suddenly had gone mad.	So the change already had started here!	Bewildered, he stared down the next block.	Mr.	This room was for living.	And he had heard the shouting of boys when he walked by.	Chambers pushed open the door of his house.	Here, too, he found what he had expected.	Again he was alone upon it.	The tree was there now.	He did not know the whole story ... he could not know.	Again the squirming hydrophinnae were eating his foothold piece by piece.	He had to find someone who could tell him.	Minutes later he arose and almost ran across the room to the old mahogany bookcase that stood against the wall.	*       *       *       *       * He brought them back to mind now and lingered over the one central theme of the talk he overheard: the wars and plagues.	They thought him mad.	This was his last stand.	I must not forget tonight.	And the whole vast cycle of events was but a detail of a cyclopean plan.	Mr.	He had stopped reading newspapers and magazines too, had exiled himself to a few city blocks.	Take this room, for example.	Back at his own front door he stopped and as he had done a thousand times before drew forth the heavy gold watch from his pocket.	Where his stolid four poster and dresser had been there was greyish nothingness.	Chambers slid out of bed, slowly crossed to the window, the cold of the floor biting into his bare feet.	It was as if he ran upon a treadway.	Chambers caught some excited words: "It's happening everywhere.... What do you think it is....	There were other pictures, too.	He forced himself to look out.	Chambers had written.	Then again the terror descended on him, a black, unimagined thing and he tried to scream and couldn't.	By what inconceivable necromancy could a paved street with houses, trees and buildings be spirited away and the space it had occupied be closed up?	But no fog, however, thick, could hide the apple tree that grew close against the house.	Something scientists could not explain.	Had his long exile finally turned his mind ... perhaps just a very little ... enough to make him queer?	Two curious, incredible events.	On legs that were dead things he stumbled back to his home.	Everything in its accustomed place: the clock, the lamp, the elephant ash tray, the marine print on the wall.	He remembered one from many years before, something about the Martians.	But it hadn't been when he first had looked.	He had no cigar.