Tommy said, after a while.	The tiny orange flame danced merrily, leading him along the wall toward the door he knew was there.	"Perturbations in the movements of the other bodies in our own system are marked, and, in the case of the first satellite, have proved disastrous.	Clyone must do his bidding.	Pendant, it was, on a scaly and slimy length of undulating body that coiled high above in the matted growths of the jungle.	These in the dome think he is with you now, cloaked in invisibility.	Tommy's pistol spurted blue flame and he was enveloped by the destroying energy.	Ianito was saying, "these Earth men.	You must come with me, depending on absolute silence and your cloaks to deceive them.	Its shock was felt even here in the rock-hewn secret apartment.	"Y-yes.	"Of course not.	"There are but few of us left, oh Earth man," he said then, "and all expect a like fate sooner or later.	They knew that Antrid was swinging ever outward from the mother planet.	A quick move of jeweled fingers was followed by a crashing report.	The pale face of Dantor appeared for an instant in the background, through the red haze that was blinding him.	*      *      *      *      * It came then, that explosion, and in a way entirely unexpected and horrible to behold.	Weak and sick, he turned his head listlessly to gaze at the ornate embossed designs on a wall of gleaming silvery metal.	I can do nothing."	Leave 'em alone."	Then he sat up on the edge of the low couch on which he had been placed, regarding her anxiously.	It is of the highest importance, but we must make haste.	And those who staggered to their feet were shot down by the green-bronze guards who stood at the doorway.	"What's the matter?"	"Farley!"	she repeated.	Obviously there was an entrance to this sealed-in world.	This Rulan maiden was a vision of feminine loveliness if there ever was one; a dream.	But he remembered Antazzo.	They'll get you, the devils."	Then, with the long range searching rays of the crystal ball television and sound reproducers, they discovered the use of this k-metal.	Blaine saw deep concern and sincerity in the fellow's blue eyes.	"It can not follow us," the girl explained, "Certain juices of the plants provide an insulator against the ray.	"The Tritu Anu is empty of life," he said; "a sepulchre.	In awed silence they waited.	A gas grenade burst at his side and Blaine sprang to his feet, running from the spreading sulphurous cloud.	"I love this Carson, if you must know.	Boy, what a blast!"	We've got to do some tall figuring and some swift scrapping before we're through."	He crouched there, calling huskily to Ulana.	"Say!"	"Now," the one who had brought them said, "I can explain.	Blaine Carson was aghast at the revelation.	"What hope can there be?"	Can you see them at once?"	"You are a fortunate young man," he drawled sarcastically.	Dantor whispered swiftly before following him, "Keep up your courage, Carson.	The Earth men are to be freed and Pegrani will conduct them to their quarters.	"Yes, two!"	When he awoke it was to the touch of Ulana's soft fingers on his arm.	His head snapped back and his knees gave way beneath him.	"What can we do to put a stop to the thing?	*      *      *      *      * It was their only chance now.	Blaine was tempted to drive a fist into that ugly countenance and fight his way out of the place.	"I saw a bush, back there about fifty feet, with bunches of big red berries on it.	Not with Ulana to fight for.	Now it came to him that the dwarf no longer spoke.	He waved them through with an indulgent gesture.	We do that, you know, we Rulans.	*      *      *      *      * Blaine fingered Pegrani's ray pistol when the cable lowered them swiftly to the roof of a huge steel cylinder that rose, a solitary and unlovely structure, in the midst of the jungle a thousand miles from Ilen-dar.	But Ianito is forgiving.	"I am a friend," the Rulan whispered in the Llott tongue, "sent by one who would have conversation with you.	Silently, swiftly, they sped on through the gloom under the great copper shell.	"Okay.	But his wary eyes never left Blaine's for an instant.	And here's hoping we get somewhere."	But Tommy raved.	Clyone dropped her voice.	Her vitals were wrenched and twisted, groaning in protest.	He faced the grinning hunchback--and was greeted by a breathtaking spurt of the pink gas.	Menacing; awful.... And then he stumbled against a metallic wall.	He actually smiled after a moment, the devil, a smile, though, of evil triumph.	"There is nothing--nothing, I tell you!"	Now they were in a lift, dropping speedily into the depths of the Tritu Anu.	If only he could get in one good punch.	Twice he pressed its release and twice the searing blue flame spurted from the glass tube that was its muzzle.	"I know nothing about it, Your Majesty."	"Hah!"	Other guards--the big green-bronze ones--were running in their direction.	Chalk-white was her face and her lips crimson; amazing eyes, cat's eyes, pupils red-flecked and glittering, stared out at him.	He pushed his way into the matted growth of the jungle.	And I shall return shortly to discuss the matter in further detail."	*      *      *      *      * In his mind's eye, Blaine could not visualize such a thing nor picture the possible explanation.