"Don't worry about the lock," snapped Greg.	Greg leaped forward, stared at the screen.	"I hope their compensator worked as well as ours," he said.	"Yes," agreed Russ.	They're with me."	Scrambling to his feet, Scorio gibbered madly, for the six-inch figure was growing.	"If we had the records of the Callisto prison," suggested Russ, "we could find out."	*       *       *       *       * "If we only had a margin," he groaned.	I wonder if Wilson could get us one in Frisco and bring it back."	"I have been afraid of this ever since Craven blanketed us out of the Interplanetary building."	he demanded.	You fool with characters like them and you got trouble."	Almost the speed of light and that would cut down his energy intake terrifically.	"I've heard of you.	They read what the men wrote, read what was written to them, heard what they said, saw how they acted.	*       *       *       *       * Russ Page stared incredulously at the television screen.	"I'd rather not."	No use trying it now, for we couldn't use it, because we're in the same space condition it uses in normal operation."	The man at the door jerked his head.	There was a sound of ripping cloth as something like a great, powerful hand flung aside Wilson's coat, tore away the inside pocket.	You have to hope.	Sudden silence smote the ship.	If we don't, we'll be inside the planetary system."	Greg's hand twisted the control slightly and the set went through the door, into the office of Spencer Chambers.	A moment later the administration offices of the prison were on the screen.	By dawn they knew what they were doing.	We're marooned."	"My math must have been wrong, some factor that I didn't include in the equation."	They always reach the man who has oppressed them, they always tear him down from the place he sits, and they do not deal gently with him when they do.	Screamed in a single, frightful agony as they threw into the protecting wall that enclosed the _Invincible_ all the power they could develop.	He volunteered no further information, went back to work with the pad and pencil.	They were hard to find.	Greg screamed above the roar.	Spacesuits gained a point.	asked Russ.	We can't leave them in those force shells too long because they'll die for lack of air.	Straight ahead of the ship, etched in silvery moon-lines against the background of the star-sprinkled sky, was a grim and terrible face.	Russ heard his smothered cry of rage.	"We don't like it here.	He whirled on Reg.	The two men faced one another, one the smooth, tawny lion, the other the snarling wolf.	Slowly, carefully, Russell Page tapped keys on the control board, setting up an equation.	Where can they be going?"	"Why not?"	"Repulsion would have been the answer," said Russ bitterly.	Chambers slumped into his chair, his hands grasping the arms on either side of his great body, his eyes staring out through the window from which flooded the last rays of the afternoon Sun.	Get rid of whatever you have in Titan Copper at 10:30."	Russ leaned back, blowing smoke toward the high-arched control room ceiling.	At the nose and stern, two hemispheres of blue-white radiance fitted over the metal framework, like the jaws of a powerful vise, holding the craft immovable.	Somewhere around there."	Grimly, surely, Greg drove his strange machine through New York.	Chambers leaned forward and pressed a buzzer.	For a moment he stood, hesitating, as if he were trying to make up his mind.	But this field won't.	"We shook them up a bit."	"With our margin of speed, we should overhaul him in a few more hours.	*       *       *       *       * In the laboratory Russ and Greg looked at one another.	"We came out to get him and now he has us instead!"	"Can't have you laid up."	"Perhaps a little longer," he admitted finally.	Chambers rose from his chair and walked to the window, looked out.	When he raised the glass to his mouth, his still-shaking hand poured half the drink over his white shirt front.	A tumult buzzed within his skull.	And as he cut it, he was able to absorb more energy with his collector lens.	That wasn't my idea.	"I've told you all I know.	That field concentrates the forces of gravity already present.	It would eliminate the necessity of your rented accumulators.	The scientist glared at the wolfish face and without speaking, walked to the desk and sat down.	Stooping, he stared into it.	Chizzy rose out of his seat ... and froze in sudden terror.	His gray eyes bored into the wolfish face.	Page and Manning are two men who can't simply disappear.	The controls were locked at maximum and the engines still hammered their roaring song of speed and power.	"Sure," said Russ.	There won't be any strong-arm stuff ... not until he recalls Stutsman from Callisto."	He started to rise from his chair, but at that moment the coffee and sandwiches arrived.	Material energy would wipe you out."	"I'm afraid I don't understand.	There's a time lag somewhere.	Russ drew doodles on a calculation sheet.	But now we can't watch him.	They saw him toss his black mane of hair, they saw his clenched fist raised in terrible anger, they heard the boom of the words he spoke.