Mado was entirely at ease, and the Europans would not be bothered by the slight change in their weight.	*       *       *       *       * Mado was standing now, endeavoring to communicate with the lad by means of signs and the drawing of crude pictures in the red sand of the cavern floor.	His pictures of the family life were meticulously drawn.	A great tree toppled and crashed across the nose of the _Nomad_, its roots ripped from the soil by the concussion.	A dozen paces away, Ora and Mado sat similarly bound.	A dusky moon-face leered into his own, horribly close, and he yelled his rage as he drove it back with a swift uppercut.	Not much!	"Imps of the canals!"	"With their wisdom, they'll finally get the thing under control.	Carr shouted.	"Oh," she exclaimed, "I'm glad he has recovered.	Oh, Carr!"	They made no attempt to converse in tongues that would convey no meaning, but there was no mistaking the quick friendship that sprang up between the incongruous pair.	Besides, they'd be three able-bodied men out there to watch over her, and he'd make sure she didn't get too far away from the ship.	There was a pulsating motion in it that he could hardly define; it seemed that it massaged his cheeks and raised the short hairs at the nape of his neck and on his forearms as if they were electrified.	he exclaimed, in wondering remembrance, trying to sit up as he grasped her hand.	Carr moved forward swiftly to face the opening, while Mado stood with his great bulk hiding the now unrecognizable Nazu.	*       *       *       *       * A deep-toned booming note came then from the hills, commencing like the warning siren of a space liner approaching its berth and swelling to a bombilation of ear-shattering sound that set the steel of the _Nomad's_ hull vibrating and their very flesh and bones a-tingle.	To Carr it seemed that the diminutive moon winked provocatively as he turned to regard it without the rulden's aid.	They watched in amazement as the swift aerial steed flapped its way after the rising ovoids.	Test samples indicated that the outside air, although thin, was pure.	He understood, remembering the black band and the flash they had seen across the cloud layer from afar.	But Mado kept firm hold of his torpedo tube, and Carr fingered the ray pistol at his belt.	Carr supposed that the thing made more or less regular appearances, like a geyser of Earth.	"What!	"Quick--inside!"	Yet he clung fast to Ora, and, together, they made their way to the control room.	He strained desperately at his bonds when he realized the awful significance of their position.	Anyway, he was glad the little fellow had gotten away; he hoped he was safely in bed--if they had beds in those insulated dwellings.	He was growing stronger by the minute and now saw that they were in an open-mouthed cave and that Mado was sitting hunched dejectedly in a corner, his massive shoulders drooping and his proud head bowed on his chest.	The booming note from the hills came then, frightfully near this time, and the three ovoids moved with sudden roaring of their motors, literally hurling themselves skyward.	But there was no escaping the fury of that sudden squall; they were in the thick of it in an instant, and the ship was buffeted and tossed about as if it were a toy.	And there was a different light in his eyes, the light of intelligence and culture.	Four hundred!	But he reached for the striped yellow melon atop the heap, and, at a bright nod of approval from Nazu, bit into its smooth skin.	Now, as they drew near to the enormous planet, it did indeed seem that there was a sinister quality in its shifting luminosity.	My people already there with him.	"He's telling me his name."	"A tough-looking kid we've made of you, too."	It was Nazu's ovoid.	In a flash it came to him that these particles were magnetic; the _Nomad_ was covered with them and they piled on ever more thickly, soon weighting her down so heavily that she lost altitude.	And, indeed, this seemed to be the case, for the strange ovoids wafted still lower, dropping until a faint humming of the internal gravity mechanism came to their ears.	"Back, back to the _Nomad_!"	*       *       *       *       * "Devils of Terra!"	She staggered from the stateroom and into his arms, a slim, boyish figure in her snug leather jacket and breeches.	The body of Detis was slumped there a ghastly corpse within those gleaming coils.	Carr had laughed, somewhat shakily, in relief.	He was--a little.	Somehow, when the vessel landed, he managed to reach the manhole with his precious burden.	The viewing port was completely covered over now with particles that arched across from rim to rim, slender rod-like things about two inches long and of the thickness of heavy wire.	Carr shuddered.	They stripped him of his silken garment and smeared him from head to foot, Carr taking especial care to see that his upper body and face were thoroughly covered.	"The iron hail!"	The gravity was even less than on Mars, though slightly greater than that of Europa.	"The little devil!"	*       *       *       *       * And then he was running toward the crater's edge in bounding strides that carried him twenty feet at a leap.	Ora had not yet awakened and Carr hoped fervently that she would not do so until they had left the immediate vicinity of Titan.	She vibrated from stem to stern under the mighty conflict of energies and they felt themselves pressed hard against the floor-plate.	"Are you hurt?"	*       *       *       *       * He gazed out through the cave mouth and calculated their chances.	"Not if we make our visit short.	"Red men!"	And the generator coils could be rewound.	"He's got it!"	"We may be able to get thought contact with them."	Carr's stomach rebelled when he looked at the food.	Again and again Carr struck out, but it was like fighting a horde of squirming and clawing feline creatures that swarmed over him and bore him down by sheer weight of numbers.	"There you are, lad," he told the grinning youngster.	"What is it?"	Nose down, and reeling drunkenly, the _Nomad_ was diving to certain disaster on the rocky ground of Titan.	Carr dodged none too quickly to save his skull from a swift-flung stone, which clanged against the _Nomad's_ hull.	Carr braced himself for the impending crash and gathered Ora in his arms.	Detis was on his knees, examining a queer specimen of purplish moss which had drawn his eye.	Talk with Nazu; teach him words, also very quick.	Friendly, perhaps."	the Martian exclaimed, grinning delightedly as he cast a swift look at Carr and Ora.	Might as well have it over with."	But Carr was prodded into moving over against a boulder and was surrounded by a semi-circle of the dwarfs who squatted calmly to watch him, blow-guns in their hands and stone hatchets on the ground within easy reach.	Ora--Mado!"	Like one of the savages in his small stature and in the large size of his head, he was much lighter in color and his body was encased in a snug one-piece garment of shimmering material of silky texture.	His head was splitting and the taste of blood was in his mouth, but it was nothing serious.	A guard of fifty or more of the savages, armed with blow-guns and stone hatchets, paraded continuously before the mouth of the cave as one of their number returned with a huge woven container of fruits and nuts of strange form and color.	And then he saw it; the _Nomad_, with its sleek, tapered cylinder of a body nosing down toward them with the silvery aura of its propulsive energy gleaming like a beacon of hope against the dull clouds of the satellite of terror.