"Thank my kindly nature that I marked your arm instead of your face.	"Got a good memory for faces!"	Your body torn and broken, spotted with blood--that might be a pleasure second only to that I plan."	Still, there on the open porch, in practically full daylight, and for so brief a time--Dr. Carl would be coming very shortly, she reasoned.	"Blood on your lips!"	"Eight o'clock," she remarked to her image; "Time to be leaving, and it serves Dr. Carl right for his high-handed actions last night.	"Nicholas," she said wearily, clinging desperately to a remnant of logic, "what do you want of me?	She seized the flask, filling her tumbler to the brim, while her companion watched her with impassive gaze.	Want me?"	I don't know one from the other; our choice must be blind."	Close your eyes and choose!"	I did it out of spite because I saw he didn't--care for me.	28 Lunar Omen After a considerable interval, during which Nick held the girl tightly and silently in his arms, he released her, sat with his head resting on his cupped palms in an attitude of deep study.	She tore her eyes away.	"Rather cold, ruthless, domineering."	So be it!"	Not her fine, tender, sensitive Nick!	She puckered her lips impudently at him as she slipped by him into the house.	That's all I know."	She didn't know, couldn't imagine.	"Bargain?	With his lips still crushing hers, he raised her in his arms; she felt herself borne across the room.	"I don't!"	If he's crazy, I am too; a fine couple we are!"	"I'm going to answer that bell," he ended.	"So!"	"Nick!"	"Not I, but I've talked with them that had."	"Fire away, Dr.	But I must."	He frowned perplexedly, then looked up abruptly.	I just wanted to ask you a few hypothetical questions.	"Then the Priest came, and he said it wasn't a natural wolf.	She drew the letter from her pocket, and then, with a tightening of her throat, tore open the envelope, slipping out the several pages of scrawled paper.	"Well, neither I nor any reputable medic claims to know everything, and the human mind's a subtle sort of thing."	He nodded.	The girl drew herself erect and leaned back against the wall, shaking her head to drive the tears from her eyes.	"You're no coward, dear.	She listened idly to distract herself from the chain of despondency that was her thoughts, and was mildly startled to recognize the booming drums of Dr. Horker's voice.	I know that much about the book, at least."	She sighed, mounted the steps, and fumbled for her key.	"Queer, isn't it?"	"We got rid of the pig.	"Say it's because I'm acting _in loco parentis_."	"No walk.	His voice was unchanged; she stared at him in complete bafflement.	Now, of course, it was different; she had so definitely tagged herself with the same Nicholas Devine that even the most ardent of the group had taken the warning.	You know I'm crazy about you, and," she whispered in his ear, "so's Mother!"	Which one"--an hysterical laughing sob shook her--"will wear the longest?"	That's all."	You would too if you didn't fly into a panic every time some little difficulty confronts you.	Her eyes turned troubled.	"Now!"	she told herself.	He surveyed her sitting in her chair; she had dropped her chin to her hand to steady the whirling of her head.	No one's strong who hasn't given up hope."	Heaven knows why I should be, but it's a fact."	"But what do you think it is?"	she snapped.	Please, Pat, let's not spoil tonight; if I could tell you, I would.	Then, according to him, the devil was nothing more than an invention of Nick's mind, the trick of a cowardly child to evade just punishment.	It's over, and I've given my promise."	he said and was again silent.	applauded the girl.	"What of it?"	Where are you going, child?"	I wasn't at all!"	"You were extremely attractive as I attired you Saturday," the other proceeded.	"It took me hours to locate Mueller and get this address from him."	"Given the opportunity.	That's what you said--an experiment.	"Yes!"	She looked out upon a dim-lit street or court, at the blind end of which the house was apparently situated.	"There is still a depth of beauty unplumbed, a pain whose exquisite pleasure is yet to find!"	"My head aches, and--I'm scared!"	"That's Heaven," he said pointing a finger at the great flowing lunar disk.	"How does he like me?	In the dim distance before them, red as Antares, glowed the tail-light of some automobile; except for this lone evidence of humanity, reflected Pat, they might have been flashing through the cosmic depths of interstellar space, instead of following a highway in the very shadow of Chicago.	Carl?"	And the next night he went out once more."	"He won't do it!"	"I can't," she repeated.	The memory of the terrible eyes of that _other_ had clicked too aptly to Magda's phrase.