A little creature about as big as a large rat, it was, gray and huddled and evidently startled by our appearance.	Just at evening, as the sun dropped behind the horizon with the suddenness of a candle falling into the sea, the auxiliary flashed out of the southern heavens, easing gently down on the flaming wings of the under-jets.	"They don't know about atomic energy.	Tweel's people have a different system from any of us."	"But beside me I heard Leroy's cry of 'Yvonne!	So we did.	he echoed.	"Queer, isn't it--as if Mother Nature were carrying on two experiments, one at home and one on Mars.	"I think the symbol was Exploration or Discovery.	"Close to what corresponds to the Antarctic circle.	I tell you, one moment we were looking at a grey valley covered with blobby plants, and the next--Lord!	My guess at the city's age--and it may be wrong by a big percentage--would be fifteen thousand years.	"A ruin, eh?"	Tweel fumed and whistled in wrath, picked up the volume and slammed it into place on a shelf full of others.	"Well, damage by meteorites must be slow, anyway.	Tweel's civilization is decadent, that's the reason.	The place was as quiet as a grave, but we kept imagining things and peeping down the dark lanes between buildings and looking over our shoulders.	The creatures have been bred to it!"	Far above us a little crack let in a pallid ray of daylight, not nearly enough to light the place; I couldn't even see if the hall rose clear to the distant roof.	Then we broke for the door!	"More or less," agreed Jarvis.	As a display of architectural power, the city was colossal; as anything else it was just nutty!	Every good impulse, yes--but also every nasty little wish, every vicious thought, everything you'd ever desired, good or bad!	He had come leaping from behind; as I crashed down I saw him flash over me straight toward--toward what I'd been running to, with his vicious beak pointed right at her heart!"	"Never mind that.	"That's primitive!"	They dropped to a sitting posture, waiting for their bodies, trained by months in acclimatization chambers back on earth, to accommodate themselves to the tenuous air.	"The desert was spotted--with buildings!	The captain was sputtering.	When I scrambled up, that particular image was gone, and Tweel was in a twist of black ropey arms, just as when I first saw him.	"Huh?"	No breet'!'	"Look here--on the earth we have three types of society, haven't we?	"Yeah: Tweel's people reproduce just like the barrels in the mud cities; two individuals grow a third one between them.	Jarvis flushed.	"The thing was still there.	We had a clue, didn't we?	Well!	"Well, we stood frozen for a moment, while Leroy's yell reverberated back and forth between the distant walls, and the echoes repeated the words in queer, thin voices.	We made out a giant seated figure, one of the beaked Martians like Tweel, but with every limb suggesting heaviness, weariness.	"Like an old maid's heart!"	Well, those were the words he used to describe the silicon monster; they were also the words he had used to tell me that the image of Fancy Long, the one that had almost lured me to the dream-beast, wasn't real.	And you can't have any form of government which governs less than anarchy, which is no government at all!"	"Right!	countered Jarvis.	commented Harrison.	"And Putz and I think so, too!"	"It's too bad we _haven't_ an archeologist with us, but Leroy tells me that there was a stone-age culture in Egypt then, the pre-dynastic civilization."	exclaimed the captain.	Don't human beings tend to relate everything to themselves?	"How could we tell?"	I wish you'd seen it, Karl; you'll have to make what you can from our pictures.	No point in wars here; the population is too thin and too scattered, and besides, it takes the help of every single community to keep the canal system functioning.	Well, we sailed out into the desert about twenty miles, which put the city below the horizon in case we overslept, and there we spent the night.	"It wasn't all exactly pretty.	Leroy's face, as always, turned a smothered blue, and Jarvis heard his own breath rasping and rattling in his throat.	"A t'ermocouple!"	That beautiful, evil, devilish panorama was in my mind, not my eyes.	"Can you describe it?"	No rainfall, no earthquakes, no vegetation is here to spread cracks with its roots--nothing.	Ants are willing to die for their ant-hill; so are these creatures."	That's how those fiends work--through the mind.	"As we reached the crest, Tweel spun his head completely around, so his feet were forward but his eyes looked backward, as if he feared to gaze into the valley.	And Leroy believes further that it isn't an intelligent arrangement--not on the part of the barrels, at least--but that it's been done for so many thousands of generations that it's become instinctive--a tropism--just like the actions of ants and bees.	"Well?	He assumed a gruffness as the weary pair sat down.	"Then he held that dim torch of his toward the walls, and they were pictured.	They hadn't forgotten me, either; they all drummed out, 'We are v-r-r-iends--ouch!'	so we followed him, staring nervously about for the thing that had watched us.	I kept careful note of our directions, since we couldn't risk getting lost in that gigantic maze.	That's why they're dying."	He resumed his narrative.	That was the phrase he had used to explain the dream-beast to tell me that what I thought, the creature thought--to tell me how the thing lured its victims by their own desires.	"Dimly," countered Harrison.	How do you mean?"	"I should've known better than to let you wander off alone."	"But the sun dropped out of sight right then.	Nine out of ten buildings meant absolutely nothing to us--just vast empty chambers, full of shadows and rustlings and echoes.	And there's a member of each type right here.	"Nuts!"	With a perfect race you wouldn't need it at all; government is a confession of weakness, isn't it?	Without our thermo-skin bags, night would finish us, even if what lurked in the ruins didn't.	"_Comme l'Egypte!_" "Yeah," said Jarvis.