The Butcher looked Brute squarely in the eyes.	It's more than a matter of polarization.	You under-fives simply aren't allowed in the Time Theater.	Perhaps, because of the intense darkness of the theater, you haven't realized how dimly lit the scene is.	"Sic 'em, Darter!	"Well, what if I will?"	"I _know_," the Butcher said irritably.	Hold still, Cynthia," a new voice cut in.	But even he sounded a little solemn and subdued.	"My father remembers when there wasn't a Time Theater," Hal said softly as he scanned the facade's glowing charts and maps.	Joggy nodded.	A sphincter dilated and they found themselves in a small transparent cubicle from which they could watch the show without disturbing the adult audience.	How about it, Joggy?"	Most of the light goes down the vistas visible to the other side of the audience.	"But I don't feel any older," Joggy replied doubtfully.	You quit that!"	Unwillingly, eyes still fixed on the blackness ahead, Brute obeyed.	The sorcerer appeared to be expostulating, commanding.	"You tricked him into thinking you were older and his brain waves blanketed yours, going through the usher.	A growl.	There was a moment of rocking and pitching, during which each boy accused the other of trying to upset them.	"I've heard an uninj is programmed with so many genuine canine reactions that it practically has racial memory."	"I don't know, but it sounds great."	Then the warrior was standing outside the bubble, blinking toward the shadows, rain dripping from his beard and furs.	the Butcher asked eagerly.	"Yes, but suppose they did all the same."	The Butcher grimly slipped out the metal tube and put it to his lips.	They have to be.	In the cubicle, Hal and Joggy gasped, the two girls squeaked, but the Butcher yelled a "Hey!"	Hal and Joggy switched off their levitators and dropped to their feet.	But he didn't stay quiet.	"Why?"	A woman in a short golden tunic stood up uncertainly from the front row of the audience.	"A viewing anomaly has occurred," the interpreter announced.	The hooded figure is a most unusual find.	Adults aren't conditioned to reject violent solutions to problems where non-human enemies are concerned.	the Butcher countered hotly.	"It doesn't matter what you think now," Hal said with finality.	"While you're deciding, we'll get swimming.	The Butcher hurled himself forward.	"This is getting good," the Butcher said, squirming toward the edge of his seat.	But it's no more alive than an adolescer or a kinderobot.	There were two closely spaced faint _plops_ and a large green stain appeared on the bare back of one girl, while purple fluid dripped from the close-cropped hair of the other.	We believe it to be that of a sorcerer who pretended to control the forces of nature and see into the future."	The general sensation, however, was delightful and levitators were among the most prized of toys.	Great brooding trees, the trunks of the nearer ones sliced by the bubble's surface, formed the background.	True, by rocking the repulsor hemisphere backward, you could get a brief forward push, but it would be nullified when you rocked forward.	Where's the bodies?"	Even if the minority theory should prove true--and no evidence for it has ever appeared--there are automatically operating safeguards to protect the audience from any harmful consequences of time traveling (almost certainly impossible, remember) in either direction."	They glared at him and one of them said: "A cub!"	Abrupt light flooded the Time Theater.	"You think so now," Hal told him.	"Oh, explanations!"	Hal said, aghast.	Brute sprang up after his master and was invisibly rebuffed.	"I don't exactly know, but something."	murmured one of the newly arrived girls.	"Hah!	There's a good reason for it--something dangerous might happen if an under-five got inside."	Hal nudged Joggy and whispered: "Butch!"	"Brute must have smelled 'em."	Want to walk us there, Butch?"	And instead of seeing us beyond, they see more trees and sky."	When he was about four feet from it, he was gently bounced away.	*       *       *       *       * It was really a more tiring method of transportation than walking and quite useless against the wind.	*       *       *       *       * He kicked Brute in the face.	The warriors who had emerged from the bubble stiffened themselves, baring their teeth.	A red-headed adult heard and smiled and paused to watch.	"He killed cities and piled the skulls.	Joggy and the older boy were swimming lazily through the air at shoulder height.	the Butcher encouraged.	"Butcher, that wasn't honest," Hal said a little worriedly.	"They'll condition you out of the idea," Hal assured him.	"The Time Bubble has been brought to rest in one of the barbaric cultures of the Dawn Era," a soft voice explained, so casually that Joggy looked around for the speaker, until Hal nudged him sharply, whispering with barely perceptible embarrassment: "Don't do that, Joggy.	"Well, even if it is about Tamerlane, you can't see it.	"Take it easy, Brute," the Butcher consoled him.	Rising from a low central platform was a huge bubble of light, its lower surface somewhat flattened.	"Say, they're viewing Earth, somewhere in Scandinavia around zero in the B.C.-A.D. time scale.	Only the hooded figure, which they seemed to regard with a mingled wonder and fear, swayed incessantly to the rhythm of some unheard chant.	He looked at Brute with guarded wistfulness.	"Keep your seats!"	Back and forth, lean, wolflike dogs paced with restless monotony.	"Maybe he's getting racial memories from the Scands."