*       *       *       *       * Sue-Ann stared at him, between terror and tears.	O'Leary said suspiciously: "You belonged to that Double-A-C, didn't you?	Because the breakout wasn't seeming to come.	"He wants him to fix Flock up so they can--'crush out,' I think he said.	With all of the inmates, you looked at them and you wondered what twisted devil had got into their heads to land them in the Jug.	It looked as though it had been made out of a bed-spring, ripped loose from its frame God knows how, hidden inside the greensleeved jacket God knows how--filed, filed to sharpness over endless hours.	The medic said patiently: "My son, I've dressed his wound.	The governor was a strong man, but he didn't struggle.	The rockets went home for fuel.	No wonder Flock moaned--the eddy currents in the shiv were slowly cooking his hand; and the blister against his abdomen, where the shiv had been hidden during other rest periods, felt like raw acid.	He was partly right.	III "I smell trouble," said O'Leary to the warden.	Sauer stopped dead and blinked.	And he folded his hands and smiled like a civil-service Buddha.	"Let's get out of here!"	He saw that Lafon had snatched up a metal chair; he saw Lafon swinging it, his black face maniacal; he saw the chair coming down.	O'Leary snapped erect, abruptly angry.	You know Lafon, from Block A?	Lafon wiped the scowl off his black face, put on a smile, rehearsed what he was going to say, and politely rattled the door of his cell.	"Gimme!"	He sighed heavily and rubbed his eyes.	They're trying to divide us.	Enough said?	When they found a couple of choice breakables like O'Leary and the governor, they'd have a ball!	They kept the inmates busy.	The con only shook his head, perspiring still more.	*       *       *       *       * Sauer jumped to the head of the steps, saw that Lafon was leading the group, stepped back, saw whom Lafon's helpers were carrying and leaped forward again.	he snarled, but there wasn't time to worry about that Sodaro.	"Oh, Doctor!	You _had_ to enforce the laws against rape if, for instance, a greaser should ask an innocent young female postal clerk for a date.	bawled one of the other freed inmates.	O'Leary made a passionate sound that was trying to be bad language, but he was too raging mad to articulate it.	Prison rules provided for prisoner training--it was a matter of "rehabilitation."	The riot was down among the corrupt sludge that underlay the state itself.	They were yelling words that made no sense to her, threatening punishments on the guards that she could barely imagine.	The first breakout from the Jug's going to start a fight like you never saw and we'll be right in the middle of it!"	gasped an aircraftswoman first-class, mother of three.	The warden managed to sit up straight.	"Somebody's coming!"	You have your job, keeping the inmates in line, and I have mine.	Now O'Leary knows I hate it when there's a woman in here.	They were used to having the Civil-Service guards over them--that was what guards were for.	That was something to find out--but not just then.	Now your job is just as important as my job," he said piously.	Brother Sauer, I beg--" The redhead spat deliberately on the floor.	Funny smell in here, he told himself--not for the first time.	Estates-General was in process of going off.	"Oh, you think so?"	Wipes brawled with wipes and no one cared; but in the Jug, all classes were cast together.	I understand a medic is going to Block O. I shall go with him."	They wouldn't realize the importance of the careful timing--of arranging that the laundry cons would start a disturbance in the yard right after the Greensleeves hard-timers kicked off the riot, of getting the little greaser Hiroko to short-circuit the yard field so the laundry cons could start their disturbances.	"I mean, after all, 'Specialization is the goal of civilization,' right?"	To what?	*       *       *       *       * Captain O'Leary hurtled out of the sheltering cell and skidded down the corridor.	Because five minutes before, he was in his cell, with the rest of the hard-timers of the Greensleeves.	"It doesn't matter what you did.	"You're all alike!	"Don't you see, Mr. Sauer, you're playing into their hands?	There was nowhere else to run.	We don't want to try to _pass_."	The warden closed his eyes.	He's in the cell right next to us, with a couple guards.	But--still and all, he was the warden.	She looked scared and sick.	Or anyway, she thought with a sudden throbbing in her throat, over her body.	"Throw them in a cell," he ordered, and sat down on a guard's stool, breathing hard.	Maybe he could now help to get Lafon where he wanted--_needed!_--to be.	What actually did happen was that the guard reached up and closed the switch that actuated the tangler fields on the floors of the cells.	And the Jug was the place for them.	"I'm scared!"	But the warden said no.	It was the first time he had ever seen a prisoner cry in the Greensleeves.	"You got a cup for me?"	"He's gone.	"The wipes!	V Captain O'Leary dragged the scared little wretch into the warden's office.	Item: TV sets in every cell.	They were working themselves up to something.	The inmates had a less lovely term for it.	The Shops Building lay between--with a dozen more cell blocks over the workshops that gave it its name--and there was a milling rush of activity around its entrance, next to the laundry shed-- The laundry shed.	This afternoon, he was playing ball with the laundry orderlies in the yard."	"Sit still!	Shut up!"