"Truth is truth, but to alarm you at a time like this would be unnecessarily cruel."	There was no color at all in his face.	*       *       *       *       * They were married a week later and went to live on an elm-shaded street just five blocks from where Sally was born.	Why doesn't he get up and speak to you, if only to pour salt on the wounds you've borne for eight long years?_ _Poor Sally!	"She's gone now, father.	Each day had been like a lonely sentinel outpost in a desert waste for Sally.	You have pleased me, Sally."	she sobbed.	He held the infant in the crook of his arm, smiling down at it.	Ten months later the first baby came.	"Adventuring, father?"	People who worked in offices could turn for escape to a cottage in the sunset's glow, when they were set free by the moving hands of a clock.	Sally shivered, remembering her husband's voice on the phone, remembering where she was ... "_Come to the office, Sally!	"Oh, yes!"	Don't give in to him now by going."	Stay in the sun as much as possible."	When she returns we will be gone."	"We are very close, your mother and I.	For an instant her terror ebbed and she felt almost reassured.	But where there was no grief there could be no sobbing ... One thing only she did before she left.	But he asked her to wait a while before visiting his office.	She might have noticed the difference.	It wasn't an expression she'd have used by choice, but it came unbidden into her mind.	Some homecomings are joyful, others cruel.	Even the hands of the sprawled form seemed larger and hairier than the hands of her husband.	Sally almost shrieked.	"Allowing for a reasonable margin of error I seriously doubt if I could be happy with any of these other women.	She had noticed things that made her doubt her sanity; she needed to see the little black mole to reassure her ... She had noticed the difference in the hair-line, the strange slant of the eyebrows, the crinkly texture of the skin where it should have been smooth ... Something was wrong ... horribly, weirdly wrong ...	The baby is doing fine.	The light was in Tommy's room and there was a whispering behind the door.	As she looked the scattered leaves whirled into a flurry around Tommy, then lifted and went spinning over the fence and out of sight.	Sally stood very still for an instant, startled, feeling her sanity threatened by the very absurdity of the thought.	Tommy drawing strange figures on the floor with a piece of colored chalk, then erasing them quickly before she could see them, refusing to let her enter his secret child's world.	"She knows now, Tommy," the deepest of the two voices said.	If they love each other they are so happy, so very happy, they break down and cry."	The cottage was small, white and attractively decorated inside and out.	"You'll marry me, of course," he said.	Sally's eyes came to a focus upon him, crouching by a hole in the fence which kindly old Mrs. Wallingford had erected as a protection against the prying inquisitiveness of an eight-year-old determined to make life miserable for her.	the cab driver insisted.	"Was constructing the stand-in difficult, father?"	"I'll scream if you stay!"	It's been three whole days."	And a slowly dawning horror.	Sally rose on one elbow, her tormented eyes searching his face.	This was his office ...	Tommy would raid the pantry with unthinking zest, invite other boys in to look at the Westerns on TV, and trade black eyes for marbles with a healthy pugnacity.	"As you and I must throw away all Earth things, my son.	A real father!	I instilled in your mother's mind an intense dislike and fear of the office to keep her from ever coming face to face with the stand-in.	You don't have to worry about him.	"Where were you?	His elbows rested on the desk and his hands were tightly locked as if he had just stopped wringing them.	The neighbors were friendly folk who knew her husband as Mr. James Rand, an energetic young insurance broker who would certainly carve a wider swath for himself in his chosen profession now that he had so charming a wife.	Sally paused only an instant.	She paused a moment, then said, "You may kiss me now if you wish, my darling."	_Close your eyes, Sally, close them tight!	"I'll become hysterical unless you leave."	The firm's name was on the directory board in the lobby, white on black in beautifully embossed lettering.	"We haven't too much time.	You stand there looking at me as if I were a--a patient ..." "A patient?"	"I'm very busy, Sally.	Knew his old man right off."	You've bought a new hat?	But it was strange how one light burning brightly in a cottage window could make even a wasteland seem small, could shrink and diminish it until it became no more than a patch of darkness that anyone with courage might cross.	he asked, leaning forward to stare down at his son.	He seemed to be the center of a flaming red ball ... _He sent for you, Sally.	You must take better care of him, Sally."	He'll warm up to you then.	Moonlight silvered her hair and touched her white throat and arms with a caress so gentle that simply by closing her eyes she could fancy herself already in his arms.	Lying beneath cool white sheets in the hospital Sally looked at the other women and felt so deliriously happy she wanted to cry.	It seemed quite natural to her that a business office should be deserted so late in the afternoon.	A growing boy was always a problem and Tommy seemed to have a special gift for getting into things because he was so active.	He has good hearing and his eyesight appears to be all that could be desired.	Sally tiptoed down the hall, stood with wildly beating heart just outside the door.	There are cyclic rhythms which would set a stone to dreaming and desiring on such a night as this."	The elevator opened and closed and Sally was whisked up eight stories behind a man in a checkered suit.	He did not answer, did not move or attempt to greet her in any way.	"You should have told me when you got on, Miss!"	Often Sally wanted to fly at him, beat with her fists on his chest.	You never went at all?"	The dread in her heart gave way to a sudden, bleak despair.	"You never went to the office, father?	But peep-hole spying was another matter.