Mendoza thought that Bill was away buying groceries.	The far edge of the sea, all around us, he examined with his telescope a hundred times a day.	And on the stone walls of the palace of Bag-jagderag he bade him write down the terms of the peace as he dictated it.	“Fancy Bumpo studying at Oxford—Well, well!” “There were great doings in Jolliginki when he left.	That fellow has had enough to last any man for three days.	“I found them in your cabin hiding under the bunk.	“Going to be a nice day, don’t you think?	For you see, lots of the animals hardly talk at all with their tongues; they use their breath or their tails or their feet instead.	I wanted him to come with me here to see you; but he won’t leave the prison while Luke is there.	The streets were all twisty and winding and so narrow that a wagon could only just pass along them.	Let me give you another cup of tea.” _THE EIGHTH CHAPTER_ ARE YOU A GOOD NOTICER?	“Oh, rubbish!” said the Doctor.	We will have to look into this to-morrow.	But Jip it was who, scratching at the foot of the slab like a good ratter, made the discovery which led to our final success.	If such a thing befall me, all the great work I hoped to do must go undone, for who is there unfreer than a king?	Ah, well, it will be discovered again some day, by somebody else.	The crowd had forgotten them entirely.	All the people were laughing and calling and waving to Luke to show him how glad they were that he was free.	At a word from the Doctor, Chee-Chee and Polynesia sped off into the jungles after more fruit and water.	What time is it now?” “It’s ten minutes past one.” “Bob says he thinks they are going to kill Luke for a punishment if they can prove that he did it—or certainly keep him in prison for the rest of his life.	But, far too light and too small, we made but a poor exchange.	One peculiar thing I noticed immediately I came into it; and that was what a lot of birds there were about.	Over the lawns hung weeping-willows, and their feathery bough-tips brushed the velvet grass when they swung with the wind.	And when you’ve finished go and get your three-thousand pesetas out of Don Ricky-ticky.	She says he is a perfectly marvelous naturalist.	Quick—bring his bacon back on to the table.” _THE NINTH CHAPTER_ THE GARDEN OF DREAMS WHEN breakfast was over the Doctor took me out to show me the garden.	_THE SIXTH CHAPTER_ THE JABIZRI WE found the woods at the feet of the hills thick and tangly and somewhat hard to get through.	Joe said he would sell her to us cheap.	I’ve forgotten more about the sea than that lumbering lout will ever know.	He was a very peculiar person.	You’d think that any one after being told he wasn’t wanted would have had the decency to keep quiet.	Every animal in this zoo stays here because he likes it, not because he is made to.” “They all look very happy and clean,” I said.	Standing right near the gang-plank were my mother and father.	He and the Doctor between them managed to make themselves understood to the Bag-jagderags.	It made a hollow booming sound, like a giant drum.	But it was only when I at last got a glimpse of the face under the hat that I could be really sure it was a monkey.	Bumpo, please go downstairs to my bunk; and listen: in the pocket of my dressing-gown you’ll find some maps.	“Do you think you could get me some?” “Why, certainly,” said the porpoises, “we passed one herd of them out there, sporting about among the icebergs.	And yet the petrel was alone!—What a baby I was, I told myself, to be scared to the verge of tears just by loneliness!	And in a deep cave in the mountains I heard them arrange together to kill Luke the Hermit so that they should get all the gold and he have none.” At this point the judge asked, “Where is the witness Mendoza?	Hasn’t arrived yet of course.	Well, we finally agreed; and as our good friend had no spare bedrooms, the three of us, the Doctor, Bumpo and I, slept on the beds set out for sale on the pavement before the shop.	They threw up their hands in horror when they saw us.	“If you can satisfy us that you really are able to understand canine testimony, the dog shall be admitted as a witness.	I am waiting to see the sun rise.	“Poor perishing heathens!” muttered Bumpo.	He waved his hand and lo!	As I climbed into the bunk over the Doctor’s and pulled the blankets snugly round me, I found I could look out of the port-hole at my elbow, and, without raising my head from the pillow, could see the lights of Penzance swinging gently up and down with the motion of the ship at anchor.	But I’d sooner swim back to Puddleby than have to listen to that fellow’s talk all the way to Brazil.” Indeed he was a terrible person, this Ben Butcher.	“Come here, Jip,” said the Doctor in a stern voice.	This is a great piece of luck.” _THE SECOND CHAPTER_ THE FIDGIT’S STORY WELL, now that he was started once more upon his old hobby of the shellfish languages, there was no stopping the Doctor.	But it looked very splendid.	Well, I thought I was going to have a perfectly grand time.	I can do nothing.	Couldn’t we make some arrangement—couldn’t I work for my meals and sleep here?” “But my dear Stubbins,” said the Doctor, laughing, “you are quite welcome to come here for three meals a day all the year round.	Of course I could not understand everything that was going on, though it was all very interesting.	When we reached the ship’s side the Doctor had the anchor drawn up and the sails set and everything in readiness to get away.	He turned back pleadingly again to Long Arrow in a last appeal for help.	And the people, especially the Spanish ladies, think no end of them.	He’ll set the dog on you.” Nevertheless there were two people who often went out to that little shack on the fens: the Doctor and myself.	Myself, I think it was an albino niggeress.	At last I got tired and lay down to rest.	So we didn’t bother to unload our rowboat but just tied it on to the ship’s stern with a rope and jumped aboard.	So I pulled the dish a little further away from the fire and went on through the house looking for the Doctor.	Don’t take any notice of that stupid old salt.	“You see, I’ve never been to school.	I and     my sister, Clippa (she was my favorite sister) had a     very narrow escape for our lives.	With this part of the business over, the Doctor called to Polynesia to have the Black Parrots drive the enemy right back into their own country and to wait there, guarding them all night.	Probably his home is near here, and that’s why he’s come back.” “But why,” I asked, “did he go the whole way round the mountain first?” Then the three of us got into a violent argument.	The gales round here are fierce, when they do blow—tear your canvas out like paper.	With a deep reverence the bearers motioned towards the seat of the chair, inviting the white man to get in.	The moment that Ben is seated at the dining-table Bumpo slams the door and locks it.	For she had gone on a voyage with him to that country long ago.	It’s this hanging around, almost dead still, that gets me restless—Ah, here comes a wind—Not very strong—but maybe it’ll grow.” A gentle breeze from the Northeast came singing through the ropes; and we smiled up hopefully at the _Curlew’s_ leaning masts.	Now if we were in Africa the world would be blazing with sunlight at this hour of the morning.	You may     be sure though that we took a couple of good gulps     of air while they weren’t looking; and that was the     only thing that saved us from choking.	And in two seconds the gallant assistant was nowhere to be seen.	I go to Don Enrique and say, ‘I bet you a hundred pounds the Doctor wins.’ Then if he does win, Don Enrique pays me a hundred pounds; and if he doesn’t, I have to pay Don Enrique.” “That’s the idea,” said Polynesia.	Our house was surrounded by the whole population of Popsipetel.	It seems that Long Arrow was visiting some peculiar Indians that live there; and that when last seen he was going up into the mountains looking for rare medicine-plants.	“Even had I not gone with you, I intended at the end of this term to take a three-months’ absconsion—But besides, I shall not be neglecting my edification if I accompany you.	Oh Kindly One, we are bidden by the united voices of the peoples of this land to carry you to the Whispering Rocks, that there, with all respect and majesty, you may be crowned our king—King of all the Moving Land.” The good Indians did not seem to have even considered the possibility of John Dolittle’s refusing.	The very palms     Bowed down their heads     In welcome to the coming King.