He couldn't do anything about smuggling you aboard."	'the effects of Earth's gravitational pull on the body versus the relatively light gravitation encountered by the members of the Martian Colony ... two-fifths the pull of Earth ... interesting speculation on the heart action...!'"	"How about Roth?"	"But it's impossible!	He smiled, man-to-man.	Which is maybe understandable, because he's got a wife that is absolutely--" "Skip that junk," said Garcia toughly.	He could supply all the money Bill would need.	Monk read the headline aloud, and then looked at Rostov.	With a deafening roar of its rocket motors, the great vessel lifted itself laboriously from the ground, squatting on flame, filling Fletcher Monk's mind with the first real sense of fear since he learned the grim facts of his ailment in Rostov's office.	"At least there's a chance," the doctor argued.	"That's okay, Mr. Wheeler.	But I'll find it!"	I've just had a little conversation with your official greeter."	"Money doesn't buy health."	"How do you know?"	Only from what I heard around the base, she's a groundworm's delight, if you know what I mean--" "I don't know what you mean," said Monk patiently.	"I'll keep it in mind," he said.	He helped draft the original physical standards for space flight."	A powerful piece of persuasion.	Monk."	Breathe deeply and regularly on the way up.	Your heart action is unreliable, and no amount of dollars can bring it back to normal--" The industrialist stood up.	Do the same thing--hold your breath when we start accelerating once more.	It's working on will power, Mr. Monk; hardly anything else."	"O.K., Doc," he said.	He wouldn't do it; he couldn't!	"Here's my answer, you gloomy old fool!"	Your chances are slim."	he blinked.	"You're telling me?"	"Listen, bud."	"Mr. Monk, you don't know what I'm telling you.	Monk froze.	"I understand," Monk nodded.	We can buy or sell this place at the drop of a quotation!"	In case you didn't realize it, I'm in a position to exert a great deal of influence over your little colony--and don't think I won't use it!"	"The boss wants facts."	What do you mean?"	"We'll give you a mild sedative before blast-off.	said Monk in horror.	"That _is_ the point," Rostov said stiffly.	"Dr. Feasley never made such a bald statement.	And of course, finally, with her cool arms about his neck and her soft cheek pressed against his, he replied: "I'll do it."	"Pretty old for the Colony, aren't you, Mr.	"What do you mean?"	"I suppose so.	Now let's go."	"Go on.	"But you could show some reaction."	It buys friends and sells enemies.	And the first thing I'm going to arrange is the loss of some weight."	"You know what I'm talking about, Mr. Moore.	"No, no!"	We'll go rapidly from zero gravity to nine.	"Who's your commanding officer?	"But I would expect a little common courtesy--" "You'll _earn_ the right to courtesy out here, Mr. Monk," the captain snapped.	"That's what we call the Space Station.	He looked up at Monk curiously.	You'll sing a different tune when I tell you how much is in this bag.	If what people said about Dr. Forsch was true, he might be approached.	I could curdle your milk by telling you some of the things I've fixed with money!"	"The best thing for you," the doctor continued, "is to start slowing down--right now, today.	Monk gasped.	"He's the dispatch officer.	"You think the heart is incorruptible, eh?"	said Monk.	"A slim one, surely.	He _must_ help her; he must give her poor sick uncle a chance to make a new life for himself in the Mars Colony.	"What?"	He smiled humorlessly at Horner.	A real beauty.	Thoughtfully, he reached inside his coat and brought out a long black cigar.	"I don't quite get your meaning, Captain," he said indignantly.	Crusty old guy.	Ben Wheeler."	Monk rattled the paper.	The assignment was the kind that Garcia both understood and relished.	The bird was gone!	"I don't expect you to cheer," said Monk sarcastically.	*       *       *       *       * When the detectives handed Fletcher Monk the completed report on the activities of Diana Christy, he read it through thoroughly, savoring each juicy word between puffs of his cigar.	"Not the problem of acceleration!	*       *       *       *       * "I realize that, of course," said the industrialist.	My name is Monk.