He drew it gently from the pool,   And brought it forth into the light;   The Shepherds met him with his charge   An unexpected sight!	Our earth is no doubt made of excellent stuff,   But her pulses beat slower and slower.	When near this blasted tree you pass,   Two sods are plainly to be seen   Close at its root, and each with grass   Is cover'd fresh and green.	A village Schoolmaster was he,   With hair of glittering grey;   As blithe a man as you could see   On a spring holiday.	Here's neither head nor foot-stone, plate of brass,   Cross-bones or skull, type of our earthly state   Or emblem of our hopes: the dead man's home   Is but a fellow to that pasture field.	_The TWO THIEVES,    Or the last Stage of AVARICE_.	I marvel how Nature could ever find space   For the weight and the levity seen in his face:   There's thought and no thought, and there's paleness and bloom,   And bustle and sluggishness, pleasure and gloom.	Rude is this Edifice, and Thou hast seen   Buildings, albeit rude, that have maintain'd   Proportions more harmonious, and approach'd   To somewhat of a closer fellowship   With the ideal grace.	LUCY GRAY.	[Footnote 9: In several parts of the North of England, when a funeral takes place, a bason full of Sprigs of Box-wood is placed at the door of the house from which the Coffin is taken up, and each person who attends the funeral ordinarily takes a Sprig of this Box-wood, and throws it into the grave of the deceased.]	Some there are,   By their good works exalted, lofty minds   And meditative, authors of delight   And happiness, which to the end of time   Will live, and spread, and kindle; minds like these,   In childhood, from this solitary being,   This helpless wanderer, have perchance receiv'd,   (A thing more precious far than all that books   Or the solicitudes of love can do!)	Old Daniel his hand to the treasure will slide,   And his Grandson's as busy at work by his side.	The OAK and the BROOM, A PASTORAL.	LEONARD.	And I, and all who dwell by my fire-side   Have call'd the lovely rock, Joanna's Rock.	And thus the soul,   By that sweet taste of pleasure unpursu'd   Doth find itself insensibly dispos'd   To virtue and true goodness.	And She who dwells with me, whom I have lov'd   With such communion, that no place on earth   Can ever be a solitude to me,   Hath said, this lonesome Peak shall bear my Name.	1.	and could you go with me   My helpmate in the woods to be,   Our shed at night to rear;   Or run, my own adopted bride,   A sylvan huntress at my side   And drive the flying deer.	This is sad talk--they'll never sound for him   Living or dead--When last we heard of him   He was in slavery among the Moors   Upon the Barbary Coast--'Twas not a little   That would bring down his spirit, and, no doubt,   Before it ended in his death, the Lad   Was sadly cross'd--Poor Leonard!	But he is weak, both man and boy,   Hath been an idler in the land;   Contented if he might enjoy   The things which others understand.	A whirl-blast from behind the hill   Rush'd o'er the wood with startling sound:   Then all at once the air was still,   And showers of hail-stones patter'd round.	Of flocks and herds both far and near   He is the darling and the joy,   And often, when no cause appears,   The mountain ponies prick their ears,   They hear the Danish Boy,   While in the dell he sits alone   Beside the tree and corner-stone.	And there is one whom I five years have known;   He dwells alone   Upon Helvellyn's side.	The Flood was tyrannous and strong;   The patient Briar suffer'd long,   Nor did he utter groan or sigh,   Hoping the danger would be pass'd:   But seeing no relief, at last   He venture'd to reply.	All press'd on him with such a weight, that now,   This vale, where he had been so happy, seem'd   A place in which he could not bear to live:   So he relinquish'd all his purposes.	In common things that round us lie   Some random truths he can impart   The harvest of a quiet eye   That broods and sleeps on his own heart.	Alas, the mountain tops that look so green and fair!	Now whether, (said I to our cordial Friend   Who in the hey-day of astonishment   Smil'd in my face) this were in simple truth   A work accomplish'd by the brotherhood   Of ancient mountains, or my ear was touch'd   With dreams and visionary impulses,   Is not for me to tell; but sure I am   That there was a loud uproar in the hills.	An old man, stout of heart, and strong of limb.	RUTH.	A spirit of noon day is he,   He seems a Form of flesh and blood;   A piping Shepherd he might be,   A Herd-boy of the wood.	Few are his pleasures; if his eyes, which now   Have been so long familiar with the earth,   No more behold the horizontal sun   Rising or setting, let the light at least   Find a free entrance to their languid orbs.	'Twas a path trod by thousands, but Daniel is one   Who went something farther than others have gone;   And now with old Daniel you see how it fares   You see to what end he has brought his grey hairs.	Thus Nature spake--The work was done--   How soon my Lucy's race was run!	--Soon did the spot become my other home,   My dwelling, and my out-of-doors abode.	--Fair, as a star when only one     Is shining in the sky!	--And hence, long afterwards, when eighteen moons   Were wasted, as I chanc'd to walk alone   Beneath this rock, at sun-rise, on a calm   And silent morning, I sate down, and there,   In memory of affections old and true,   I chissel'd out in those rude characters   Joanna's name upon the living stone.	But, whether blithe or sad, 'tis my belief   His absent Brother still was at his heart.	The other Mountains either immediately surround the Vale of Grasmere, or belong to the same Cluster.	At day-break on a hill they stood   That overlook'd the Moor;   And thence they saw the Bridge of Wood   A furlong from their door.	Now, Matthew, let us try to match   This water's pleasant tune   With some old Border-song, or catch   That suits a summer's noon.	When grass is chill with rain or dew,   Beneath my shade the mother ewe   Lies with her infant lamb; I see   The love, they to each other make,   And the sweet joy, which they partake,   It is a joy to me.	shed thy flowers,   And stir not in the gale.	Thus talking of that Peasant we approach'd   Close to the spot where with his rod and line   He stood alone; whereat he turn'd his head   To greet us--and we saw a man worn down   By sickness, gaunt and lean, with sunken cheeks   And wasted limbs, his legs so long and lean   That for my single self I look'd at them,   Forgetful of the body they sustain'd.--   Too weak to labour in the harvest field,   The man was using his best skill to gain   A pittance from the dead unfeeling lake   That knew not of his wants.	He travels on, a solitary Man,   His age has no companion.	O'er rough and smooth she trips along,   And never looks behind;   And sings a solitary song   That whistles in the wind.	A second time did Matthew stop,   And fixing still his eye   Upon the eastern mountain-top   To me he made reply.	Leonard, the elder by just eighteen months,   Was two years taller: 'twas a joy to see,   To hear, to meet them!	LEONARD.	Yet sometimes milder hours she knew,   Nor wanted sun, nor rain, nor dew,   Nor pastimes of the May,   They all were with her in her cell,   And a wild brook with chearful knell   Did o'er the pebbles play.	With hues of genius on his cheek   In finest tones the Youth could speak.	A rosy man, right plump to see?	--So fared we that sweet morning: from the fields   Meanwhile, a noise was heard, the busy mirth   Of Reapers, Men and Women, Boys and Girls.	IV.	No beast, no bird hath here his home;   The bees borne on the breezy air   Pass high above those fragrant bells   To other flowers, to other dells.	I've heard of fearful winds and darkness that come there,   The little brooks, that seem all pastime and all play,   When they are angry, roar like lions for their prey.	Let thy wheel-barrow alone.	_Written in GERMANY,   On one of the coldest days of the Century_.	As soon as he had gather'd so much strength   That he could look his trouble in the face,   It seem'd that his sole refuge was to sell   A portion of his patrimonial fields.	Off, off!	Force is the word universally employed in these dialects for Waterfall.]	A harp is from his shoulder slung;   He rests the harp upon his knee,   And there in a forgotten tongue   He warbles melody.	And on that morning, through the grass,   And by the steaming rills,   We travell'd merrily to pass   A day among the hills.	But in the branches of the Oak   Two Ravens now began to croak   Their nuptial song, a gladsome air;   And to her own green bower the breeze   That instant brought two stripling Bees   To feed and murmur there.	Thou Eglantine whose arch so proudly towers   (Even like a rainbow spanning half the vale)   Thou one fair shrub, oh!	Green pastures she views in the midst of the dale,   Down which she so often has tripp'd with her pail,   And a single small cottage, a nest like a Jove's,   The only one dwelling on earth that she loves.	he lifted up his eyes,   And looking round he thought that he perceiv'd   Strange alteration wrought on every side   Among the woods and fields, and that the rocks,   And the eternal hills, themselves were chang'd.	But who is He with modest looks,   And clad in homely russet brown?	_MICHAEL_,   _A PASTORAL POEM_   If from the public way you turn your steps   Up the tumultuous brook of Green-head Gill,   You will suppose that with an upright path   Your feet must struggle; in such bold ascent   The pastoral Mountains front you, face to face.	When in the snow the Mother spied   The print of Lucy's feet.	It chanc'd that Andrew pass'd that way   Just at the time; and there he found   The Cripple in the mid-day heat   Standing alone, and at his feet   He saw the penny on the ground.	[Footnote 3: The great Gavel, so called I imagine, from its resemblance to the Gable end of a house, is one of the highest of the Cumberland mountains.	"From me this friendly warning take"--   --The Broom began to doze,   And thus to keep herself awake   Did gently interpose.	The bason of box-wood, [9] just six months before,   Had stood on the table at Timothy's door,   A Coffin through Timothy's threshold had pass'd,   One Child did it bear and that Child was his last.	Scarce a funeral   Comes to this church-yard once, in eighteen months;   And yet, some changes must take place among you.	On silence Matthew lay, and eyed   The spring beneath the tree;   And thus the dear old Man replied,   The grey-hair'd Man of glee.	Such was his first resolve; he thought again,   And his heart fail'd him.	Let him be free of mountain solitudes,   And have around him, whether heard or nor,   The pleasant melody of woodland birds.	_A DESCRIPTION._ _The OLD CUMBERLAND BEGGAR,   A DESCRIPTION_.	The engines of her grief, the tools   That shap'd her sorrow, rocks and pools,   And airs that gently stir   The vernal leaves, she loved them still,   Nor ever tax'd them with the ill   Which had been done to her.	The Two April Mornings.	and I guess, since you have been   So distant from us now for two long years,   That you will gladly listen to discourse   However trivial, if you thence are taught   That they, with whom you once were happy, talk   Familiarly of you and of old times.