Section  2.	If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.	1.E.6.	Sentry He was wet and muddy and hungry and cold, and he was fifty thousand light-years from home.	"I had not thought of it, and it will be interesting to try.	Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.	Section 3.	And then he saw one of them crawling toward him.	1.F.6.	Like this damned planet of a star he'd never heard of until they'd landed him there.	If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.	INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.	1.E.5.	1.F.1.	- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.	If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.	Fifty thousand light-years from home, fighting on a strange world and wondering if he'd ever live to see home again.	The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.	Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.	can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.	"How can you place it there, then?"	Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.	He was wet and muddy and hungry and cold, and the day was raw with a high wind that hurt his eyes.	I shall now activate the mechanism--by placing the cube on the platform--at exactly three o'clock.	Section 1.	The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.	It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.	Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.	It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.	There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.	"But," he said, "what if, now that it has already appeared five minutes before you place it there, you should change your mind about doing so and _not_ place it there at three o'clock?	The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	It appeared on the platform of the time machine.	If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy.	When the chips are down, though, it was still the foot soldier, the infantry, that had to take the ground and hold it, foot by bloody foot.	You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.	But the entire rest of the Universe, professors and all, vanished.	The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.	1.F.4.	Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.	Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.	1.E.7.	You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.	He drew a bead and fired.	1.E.8.	They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.	You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.	YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.	Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)	Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.	There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	He shuddered at the sound and sight of the alien lying there.	1.F.2.	A strange blue sun gave light and the gravity, twice what he was used to, made every movement difficult.	Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.	Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.	asked one of his colleagues.	By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.	The cube vanished from his hand.	Very well, I shall _not_ ..." There was no paradox at all.	1.C.	Now, planet by bitter planet, it was being fought out.	YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.	1.F.5.	Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.	The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.	The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.	Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that the U.S.     copyright on this publication was renewed.	But in tens of thousands of years this part of war hadn't changed.	If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.	Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email business@pglaf.org.	"It will, as my hand approaches, vanish from the platform and appear in my hand to be placed there.	The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.	If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.	Such repulsive creatures they were, with only two arms and two legs, ghastly white skins and no scales.	"It is six minutes before three o'clock.	In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.	Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.	If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.	See paragraph 1.C below.	Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.	- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.