They had sat by him a long time, the boy and the dog, helpless and exhausted both of them.	Hugh was quick enough to reach her, halfway down the slope, but totally unable to check her course.	“It was just a year ago we quarreled,” he said.	The prints were very large and clear in the wet earth, but he scarcely noticed them so far gone was he in weariness and despair.	I could see the light from your cabin, but—well, I had promised.	When the first edge of his starvation was dulled, when the warmth of the fire had dried and warmed him so that he ceased to shiver, he stopped eating, went to the door and whined to be gone.	He blinked up at the clock; it was midnight now.	But she had never seen the little log cottage, so she could not have been responsible for the spotless cleanliness of everything.	“Before I tell you about it you must have your sleep.” The hands of the big Swedish clock in the corner of Oscar’s kitchen must have come very near to making a complete round before Hugh awoke.	He looked down again at his hand and Hugh noticed that over the back of it ran a long puckered scar that extended upward under his sleeve.	He ran through the list over and over and found that his mind, with odd insistence, kept coming back to the road that “now went nowhere but some day would go far.” The announcement that supper was ready interrupted his reflections, after which he received a pressing invitation from Carl to go with him to get the mail.	Hugh, as he moved sulkily toward the shed, began composing bitter speeches to be launched at Oscar when he should return.	“I vow I have been walking in a circle for five miles: it was only Nicholas who ever got me here again.” All night the wind screamed in the chimney and fairly rocked the walls of their little dwelling.	Both boys held their breath, while the canoe floated with the current; slowly, slowly it crawled into the thick pool of shade cast by a big maple that overhung the bank.	Early next morning they arose to search the ruins of the storehouse for anything that might have escaped destruction.	That we haven’t one thing left to eat?” “I know it,” replied Hugh soberly.	They dined like lords that day, but spent most of the time still hugging the fire, for the cold was as fierce as had been the storm that went before it.	Could John be taken overland, paddled up rivers, carried around portages, risk a meeting in the forest with Half-Breed Jake or some of his followers?	“They drove off Hulda just for a blind.	How strange it was that, after leading up to the subject so long, Jethro should have dropped it so quickly.	The snow was drifted over the window sills and banked against the door and still filled the air in white clouds driven by the roaring wind.	“It was before I had been here very long and Jake and his friends were bound to run me out.	“Jethro Brown sent me to you and gave me this letter,” began Hugh, but he received no answer, only the same stolid stare.	“I wish you luck,” he said; “it will be a long task, finding and saving two men who either have fled the country or are already dead.” Linda turned back to speak her last word as she and Hugh and Carl went out together into the dark.	With a great sigh of relief, Hugh stepped ashore, shouldered his pack, and went slowly up through the dawn to his first meeting with Oscar Dansk.	He is not there.” “Where is he?” “Out in the woods—looking for you.” Dick shook his head slowly.	It was a forlorn hope at the best for which he was risking everything, leaving in Hugh’s safe-keeping property that was infinitely valuable in the light of the purpose it was to serve.	He found traces here and there of where he had passed before, yet the way was so twisted and uncertain that, after an hour of struggling through the underbrush he finally came out on the same ridge again and faced the same mass of red rock.	“Oh, dear, it is such a puzzle, I wish you could.” He began to remember now that Jethro had dropped some hint of a misunderstanding between John Edmonds and Oscar Dansk.	The air was cold, so that he turned up his coat-collar and walked very briskly.	He yawned a great yawn and was just about to turn from the window when a moving shadow caught his eye.	“It would be such company for you.” The grimness of Oscar’s tone as he answered startled Hugh into turning square about.	I will be back before a great many hours.	Hugh did not stop to rekindle the lantern, but flung more wood upon the fire and by its light went about the task of getting his patient partly undressed and of making him more comfortable.	He began to wonder if there were not some easier way of performing the task and presently decided that there was.	He wished to assure himself as quickly as possible that all his calculations were correct.	The moon was very bright now, so that all the little square houses showed plainly, as did the white expanse of the empty street.	It was fortunate that it was so dark, Hugh thought, for it seemed as though they were about to pass uncomfortably close to the Pirate’s cabin.	He pushed aside the curtain, rubbed a clear space in the thick frost on the pane and looked out.	Just as the first Indian’s foot was upon it, the great log fell splashing into the water, was whirled over and over by the current and rushed away down stream.	He had sat down upon the doorstep also, where he could see, on one side, the open sunlit valley and, on the other, the narrow ravine with its little stream that ran between them and Jasper Peak.	With a great sigh he turned at last, fumbled for the latch of the door and stepped inside.	John Edmonds, still unconscious, was lifted to the rude litter they had constructed, and was carried out of the cabin.	How they toiled, now getting a little the better of the fire, now driven back by a fresh outburst of flame, too excited either to hope or to despair, feeling only one instinct—to fight.	“I carried Johnny on my back,” he said, “don’t ask me how, but some way or other we made it.	One look at his white, anxious face when he came home long after dark, one glimpse of his smile of delight and relief when he found that Hugh had returned safely after all, these caused the boy enough remorse without the wasting of any words.	I will have to look it out.” “No hurry,” returned the man with an insolent laugh at the quavering of her voice; “don’t disturb yourself so much.	“It was probably all stolen in the first place.” As he was putting one of the bags back into place, he knocked down a gun that had been standing in the corner and that now fell at his feet with a loud clatter.	“He does every kind,” was her brief reply.	“He told me, oh, quite a lot of things.	“Do you mean Half-Breed Jake?” inquired Hugh anxiously.	“Whose did you say it was?” Hugh thought afterwards that never, as long as he lived, would he forget how terrible were those shifty, pale-blue eyes in that lowering face.	And you know that there is nothing that can make you so angry as to find some one you cannot terrify.” He muttered something but did not speak aloud.	At last he reached the summit, but found that the trees were so tall and thick that he could see no distance even from there, and a slight, a very slight doubt began to arise in his mind as to whether he had done the wisest thing in following a plan of his own.	It was a tumbledown log building with a few rude outhouses and ragged fences.	Everything was kept in the small shed backing up against the cottage with its door opening into the main room.	It required almost unbelievable effort to arouse John Edmonds and move him, helplessly weak as he was, to the improvised couch.	Hugh had to stand and look for some minutes before he could distinguish the narrow trail threading its way off among the trees, the path that he must now follow.	Then at last, warmed to friendliness perhaps by Hugh’s calm acceptance of the dangers of the rapids, the Indian behind him spoke.	Some millionaire or other owns what there are, and those Swedes who spent everything they had to buy themselves a hole in the ground, they work for him and live as best they can.” “Why didn’t they all go back to Sweden again?” Hugh inquired.	Hugh covered it in extraordinarily short time, although it seemed to him unnumbered hours.	He kept thinking that they must vanish from his sight even as he held them and wished earnestly that Dick were not asleep that he might ask him whether he saw them too.	“I wish to,” answered Hugh without looking around.	So they doubted and hesitated and finally lost heart.	He was about to ask what it was when the Indian spoke at last, a single inarticulate word which was evidently meant as a warning.	He did not agree just then that it was the best, but, on looking back afterward, he wondered at his own stupidity.	“I was just coming up from the spring,” Dick recounted as between them they led the cow homeward, “when I heard Nicholas bark, so I ran around the corner of the cabin and there she was, just going over the hill a quarter of a mile away.	It was the boy, Shokatan, carrying Hugh’s pack which he had left beside the fire.	He went out to feed Hulda, slamming the door smartly behind him and never looking at Oscar, who was still in sight, trudging along the open ridge above the valley.	When they set out again next day, Oscar gave his directions without any added warning that this time Hugh had better not improve upon them with additions of his own.	Five hundred dollars I would ’a’ got for them, just that little bale, not a cent less—and when I come to myself again every hide and hair of them was gone!” “And you can’t tell who took them?” questioned one of his audience.	“You see it was Jake who had commenced to make trouble.	The sight of food when one is nearly starved has sometimes a strange and disquieting effect.	The mild Hulda, now thoroughly alarmed, came down the hill with a blind rush, blundered against him and rolled him head over heels.	That makes all the difference in the world.” “Why, I don’t know,” stammered Hugh; “just footprints of some big animal.	“We can get pretty hungry, though,” observed Hugh grimly as he saw Nicholas disposing of his share in three laps and then looking up to beg mutely for more.	“I will go back just the way I came,” was his first plan, but it proved impossible to follow.	He looked at the wide valley brimming with sunshine and abundant fertility, and thought of what a gift it might offer to famine-stricken France as she cried to America for aid.	Nicholas ran to him and began licking the thin hand that hung limply over the arm of the chair.	Nicholas would not trust their way of crossing, but swam over, with much difficulty, and was waiting for them on the other shore.	A lot of good I did by going!” “The thing now,” said Hugh, “is to get your brother away as quickly as we can.	After rubbing the drowsiness from his eyes and thinking a little, he decided that, even under his mountain of blankets, he was very cold.	I staked out a claim for a farm of my own, and I mean to live here until it is mine and those people in Rudolm see that it can be done and that Jake’s threats must come to nothing in the end.