"You _are_ upset," said Ebor at that.	They'll get around to it, sooner or later.	"No!"	Darquelnoy told him, "Two restno," and he left again.	"None worth telling," said Ebor.	_They_ would attack _us_."	I could use some cheering up."	he asked.	echoed Darquelnoy.	"Well," said Ebor, "you're underground now.	Rooms and corridors has been melted out of the rock, the floors had been carpeted, the walls painted, and the ceiling lined with light panels.	"I imagine you sometimes wish you could give them a little prodding in the right direction," he said.	He led the way into his quarters, motioned Ebor to a perch, and rang for his orderly.	He wondered what had caused the change, which had obviously been done at top speed.	"It was just a little remote-controlled apparatus, of course," he said.	"I know," said Darquelnoy gloomily.	"What've they been up to, Dar?"	Ebor extended his eyes in surprise.	And before they had a chance to try again, I whipped everything underground."	"Oh, well," said Darquelnoy, "you see, they're cowards, too.	Ebor nodded, studying his friend.	They're still boasting themselves into the proper frame of mind, that's all."	At Ebor's shocked look, he rippled in wan amusement and said, "Oh, it wasn't as bad as it might have been, I suppose.	"I can't imagine them making a spaceship," said Ebor thoughtfully.	He looked around.	"But if we were to interfere with those creatures up there," continued Darquelnoy, "interfere with them in any way at all, it would be absolutely disastrous."	"You don't suppose this is all a waste of time, do you?"	"They are absolutely the worst creatures for secrecy in the entire galaxy!"	"They came here," Darquelnoy told him simply.	Then the outer door closed, the pumps were turned on, and in a minute the red light flashed over the inner door.	"Sorry," apologized Darquelnoy.	"Longer than we had originally anticipated," Darquelnoy said frankly.	But it circled this Moon here, busily taking pictures, and went right back to the planet again, giving us all a terrible fright.	"The fledgling attempt, you know.	It was just that we had to rush around so frantically, unloading and dismantling the dome, getting this place ready--" "What do you mean, they _came_ here?"	And since that ship went circling by, of course, morale has hit a new low."	As livable as the dome had been, at least.	There hadn't been the slightest indication they were planning anything _that_ spectacular."	"Then I'm surprised they haven't blown themselves to pieces long before this."	A good job had been done on it, for all the speed.	he asked.	"What's happened here?"	And instead we just sit here and wait.	Ebor stopped in astonishment.	Darquelnoy clicked his eyes in despair.	"Catastrophic, you mean.	Ebor waved a tentacle.	He knew Darquelnoy well enough to know that the commander invariably overstated things.	"The laws--" "Never mind the laws," snapped Darquelnoy.	*       *       *       *       * "I wasn't talking necessarily about attacking them, you know," said Ebor, returning to the subject.	exclaimed Darquelnoy in irritation.	"Neither was I," Darquelnoy told him.	cried Darquelnoy.	"It has been a long time," agreed Ebor.	The last time he'd been here, not very long ago, the dome had still been intact, and there had been no hint of any impending move underground.	"I would have thought they'd have blown themselves up long before reaching that stage."	All of the furnishings had been transferred here from the original dome, and the result looked, on the whole, quite livable.	At Ebor's entrance he raised a limp tentacle in weary greeting and said, "Come in, my friend, come in.	The orderly entered.	"Not a hint?"	"Thankfully, no.	"Why've you gone underground?	All that crowd up there needs is an enemy, and it doesn't much matter to them who that enemy is.	"But there was never any indication that they were finally serious about it.	Frankly, if it would do any good, I might even consider breaking one or two of the laws, and the devil with my conditioning."	But the base commander, Darquelnoy, waiting for his old friend Ebor near the inner door of the lock, looked anything but happy with the arrangement.	He drained his cup of restno.	"Don't tell me no!"	"Nasty?"	he cried.	"Absolutely the worst."	"Out here," he said, "living next door to the little beasts day after day, one begins to lose one's sensibilities."	"We wouldn't have to attack them.	"I would have thought so, too," said Darquelnoy.	The driver steered the car into the open air lock, and they waited until the first cargo truck had lumbered in after them.	Why do you need cheering up?"	"Well, I suppose another cup won't kill me.	"I _saw_ it!"	"No, I don't imagine it is."	"I've worked up a fine thirst on the trip," Ebor told him.	"It's unbelievable," said Ebor.	"I know, I know," said Ebor hastily.	"Those annoying little creatures on that blasted planet up there!"