He would tell us all about it later.	A queer, sickening thrill went through me, and I felt all the men about me, stiffen and go rigid with intensity.	"By the time that this was done, the policemen had unloaded the donkeys, and were waiting, looking about them, curiously.	He heard her call something in reply from the boudoir and then he had struck a clump of a dozen or so matches and was holding them above his head and looking 'round the hall.	I was fighting with all my strength to get back my courage.	Some was spilled; but, because of my suspicious watchfulness, I had it upright and back within the vale while yet some of the water remained.	I asked whether everything was right; to which he replied yes, and immediately asked me whether I had heard the galloping, so that I knew he had heard them also.	Then I went up to my mother's room again, and we talked the thing over for an hour or more, and in the end came to the conclusion that we might, after all, be reading too much into a number of little things; but, you know, inside of us, we did not believe this.	It was a queer idea, I know, and probably was not my own, but came to me from the Outside.	He pictured to me the whole affair--Bellett, up at the chancel gate, going for the prayer book, and absolutely alone; and then the _blow_, out of the Void, he described it; and the _force_ prodigious--the old man being driven headlong into the body of the Chapel.	All the covering's were being drawn steadily off, with a hateful, stealthy sort of motion.	And immediately afterward the clungk, clunk--clungk, clunk of mighty hoofs coming down the passage toward us.	I know it was only sheer will power that carried me up to the door and made me turn the key.	But, as I have said, I found nothing.	Each of these girls grew up to maidenhood and each became engaged, and each one died during the period of engagement, two by suicide, one by falling from a window, one from a 'broken heart' (presumably heart failure, owing to sudden shock through fright).	"I had hung a 'protection belt' of garlic 'round my neck, and the smell of it seemed to fill the corridor and give me assurance; for, as you all know, it is a wonderful 'protection' against the more usual Aeiirii forms of semi-materialization, by which I supposed the whistling might be produced; though, at that period of my investigation, I was quite prepared to find it due to some perfectly natural cause; for it is astonishing the enormous number of cases that prove to have nothing abnormal in them.	A little way off, there showed high up in the gloom, the vaguely shining outline of the other fork, so I knew the inspector had it raised in his hand, ready.	I knew that it might, very possibly, have snapped, through my having tensioned it too highly; but then, again, it might have been broken by something else.	Then I had a cup of coffee and went off to my room, telling him I was feeling awfully tired.	Another big hand came into view, and wiped the water from the eyes, which blinked rapidly, and then fixed themselves into a stare at the lights.	This was the whole story; so he gave me to understand.	"This is, supposing we take the suggestion of the Sigsand MS., to account for the phenomenon."	In less than a minute they heard it quite close to them in the darkness and they started running.	"In the course of his talk, Captain Tobias offered to take the house off my hands; and as this suited me perfectly, for I was about stalled with it, and the plan also suited the landlord, it was decided that no steps should be taken against him; and that the whole business should be hushed up.	"I took the dark slide into Burtontree, also the cake of soap with the impress.	"At last, when the dawn was strong and bright, I took one last look 'round, and ran for the door.	Isn't it!'	"'That's that blessed ghost!'	Not one of us ever willingly missed, for after a thoroughly sensible little dinner Carnacki would snuggle down into his big armchair, light his pipe, and wait whilst we arranged ourselves comfortably in our accustomed seats and nooks.	"'We're all carrying guns,' said the boy; and slapped his coat pocket.	If we had not heard those last sounds and if Parsket had not shown that enormous sense of fear the whole of this case could be explained in the way in which I have shown.	The landlord and I locked up the house, and went over to his place for a sleep.	Some invisible thing was meddling with it.	"After lunch I thought I would take a few experimental photographs of Miss Hisgins and her _surroundings_.	And you know, I had run her bang into that danger.	In the same moment Parsket pitched forward out of the doorway on to his face.	In the same moment of time, the whistling had burst into a mad screaming note, that seemed to stun me, even where I stood, outside of the window.	he said in friendly fashion, using the recognized formula.	I was glad, for I wanted the house to settle as soon as possible.	Of course, that must have been fancy.	I glanced once at Wentworth.	I said nothing about the smell, which was not very distinct; but told her that the thing happening twice had made me a bit nervous, and possibly fanciful, and I thought I would take a look 'round, just to feel satisfied.	The fire was big and cheerful, and the candles before the two rows of doors, burnt steadily, as well as the solitary ones in the corners.	"As Johnstone came up to the door, the policeman made a motion of salute, and said something in a low voice; and something in the tone made me flick my light across him.	'I can't understand it, unless you've really been walking about in your sleep.'	He had got a lamp from a bracket in the upper hall which he was holding in the crook of his damaged arm, so that we had a good light.	"'Your gun,' I said to the landlord, and he brought it from the front hall, and passed it over to the inspector, who took it and ejected the empty shell from the right barrel.	I stood up and steadied him, though I was not very steady myself.	Anyway, whether it was natural, or ab-natural, there was a great deal yet to be cleared up.	I guessed that a man who might get into the 'light' of those particular men, would be likely to come to quite as uncomfortable an ending.	"We all crowded into the front cellar, flashing our lights to and fro.	Don't ask me who made the well entrance or the little stairway; for I don't know.	I was made conscious of it, rather by some inward, unused sense than by either sight or sound; for the pale, short-radius glare of the Pentacle gave but a very poor light for seeing by.	Then I returned to the castle.	And in an instant I had them into the passage.	She told me that I had made her feel almost safe for the first time for days.	Then:--'You feel there's something wrong?'	And it was always on the market again, after a trial.	And it was generally plain that the ladies of the house were in a tremendous fluster.	Then, by compass, I laid their legs to the eight chief points, and afterward I drew a circle with chalk around them; and opposite to their feet, I made the Eight Signs of the Saaamaaa Ritual.	I had a certainty of something impending: as it might be the impression of an invisible, but overwhelming, Presence.	'Sounds a bit silly, superstitious, I know; but when you are meddling with this sort of thing, you've got to take notice of queer fancies, and risk being laughed at.'	The bedclothes had been thrown with such savageness!	"Well, of course it is impossible to be sure, one way or the other.	"When he had finished his look 'round, he went down to the village, meaning to see the one-time Agent of the Estate, and arrange for someone to go in as caretaker.	I did so, and heard my wire ring on metal.	Then the door was tried, and directly afterward there came a thunderous knocking, which told me a policeman had heard the shot.	I can put it no other way.	And he had described the stupendous force of the blow as being 'like the kick of a great horse.'	And directly afterward:--'What on earth made you hustle us all out like that, Carnacki?'	"I stared in a bewildered way 'round the cellar; there were thin lines of vague fire crossing the floor in all directions; and suddenly I remembered the piano wire that the landlord and I had stretched.	Both Beaumont and I gave back a pace or two, and then realized and hung on to our courage, as you might say, and waited.	It was no use telling anything to Wentworth and the police, until I was certain; and, also, I believed that I stood a greater chance to succeed by myself; though, for that matter, I do not suppose anything would have taken them up to the Manor again that night.	_It_ had waited a long time.	I remember now, that the idea of that insensate thing becoming animate, and attacking me, did not occur to me with any sense of possibility or reality.	"As you will remember, it was a Captain Tobias who had been the previous tenant; and this was the very man, who had appeared from the well.	Afterward, I found that the incident was well-known about the countryside; but always regarded more as a legend than as history.	"Meanwhile, I had given the man from the well a stiff tot of whisky; for which he thanked me with a cheerful nod, and having emptied the glass at a draft, held his hand for the bottle, which he finished, as if it had been so much water.	"Suddenly, I saw that the great fire was blackening.	Yet, later, he would persuade himself that he had been getting fanciful.	It was, you know, as if I knew.	When I had done this I locked up the Chapel and handed the key to Sir Alfred Jarnock, having first taken an impression in soap.	"There may be other houses--" I began.