"Not at all.	Lacking social influence and social adaptation, she had been ignored in society, her faults of temper made prominent her most promising traits of character left unnoticed, but this treatment was not without some benefit to Annette.	After that they came down to the desk where I was casting up my accounts and Mr. Mahler asked, 'Is Mrs. Cooper your mother?'	"I certainly will if he will give me any chance to get my living and help my mother."	"I will not say what hinders, but I will say what I think you can try to do to help.	I sat down trembling with emotion.	That being finished the merchant for whom he had done the work, hired him to labor in his warehouse.	"Who else is coming, grandma?"	Annette was seated next to several girls who laughed and chatted incessantly with each other without deigning to notice her.	He had mingled with many people and had acquired a large store of information.	Of course I would not deny my mother.	At length, her uncle Thomas decided that she should go with him.	He has been a curse, and his saloon a nuisance in that street.	Friends feared that Lucy was losing her mind and might do some desperate deed, but she did not.	"Poor child," Mrs. Lasette replied; "I am sorry for her.	"Mrs.	After the funeral, Mrs. Harcourt's children returned to the house where they quietly but earnestly discussed the question what shall be done with Annette.	When he was down they were ready to kick him down.	"Put yourself then in my place.	Mrs. Lasette was a fine conversationalist.	That girl is going to give her grandmother a great deal of trouble."	I have been blessed with privileges which were denied others; I sat 'mid the light of knowledge when some of my ill-fated sisters did not know what it was to see daylight in their cabins from one week's end to the other.	Mr. Thomas told him how he learned to be a carpenter in the South and how he had tried so unsuccessfully in the North to get an opportunity to work at his trade until discouraged with the attempt, he had made up his mind to take whatever work came to hand till he could see farther.	Women who tried to teach their sons to be worthy of the love and esteem of good women by being as chaste in their conversation and as pure in their lives as their young daughters who sat at their side sheltered in their pleasant and peaceful homes.	"Annette," said Mrs. Lasette, "is a favorite of mine; I have always a warm place in my heart for her, and I really want to see the child do well.	"I do wish, Brother Lomax, those costly buildings which you erect will cover more needs and wants of our people than some of them do now."	If she was poor and respectable we valued her for what she was rather than for what she possessed.	Chapter XIX And thus they parted.	I have a little leisure I can give you.	"What's the use of it?	Mr. Hazleton seemed to be perfectly satisfied with you, and I thought that you were quite a favorite in the establishment.	I have not spoken of it to you before, but to-day, when it pressed so painfully upon my mind, it was a relief to me to tell you about it, but now darling dismiss it from your mind and let the dead past bury its dead."	"Well, for my part, I hope it will be a match."	I answered, 'yes sir.'	Grandmother Harcourt looked the very impersonation of satisfaction as she gathered up the floral gifts, and modestly waited while Annette received the pleasant compliments of admiring friends.	Eager and earnest for the elevation of the colored people, he has been pained at the coldness with which they have been received.	Men grew thoughtful and attentive, women tender and sympathetic as they heard this member of a once despised people, recount the trials and triumphs of her race, and the hopes that gathered around their future.	Mrs. Lasette, who happened in the house the evening before the entertainment, asked, "Is not Annette going?"	If I were like you I would be all the time keeping this neighborhood in hot water."	"But maybe the good husband won't turn up for Annette."	The builder bit his lip; he had come to America hearing that it was a land of liberty but he had found an undreamed of tyranny which had entered his workshop and controlled his choice of workmen, and as much as he deprecated the injustice, it was the dictum of a vitiated public opinion that his field of occupation should be closed against the Negro, and he felt that he was forced, either to give up his business or submit to the decree.	"How that child grows," said Mrs. Larkins, as Annette entered the room.	Rest and careful nursing soon wrought a wondrous change in Marie Luzerne, but Annette thoughtfully refrained from all reference to her past history and waited for time to unravel the mystery she could not understand, and with this unsolved mystery the match between her and Luzerne was broken off.	All her other children had married and left her, and in her lowly home this young child with infantile sweetness, beguiled many a lonely hour.	Without being forced to look to his mother for assistance, while the confidence of his community was slowly growing, he depended on the school for his living and looked to the future for his success as a physician.	"Clarence," said Mr. Thomas to his friend, noticing the deep interest he was manifesting, "Are you entranced?	I had lived most of my life in a small inland town, where people were old fashioned enough to believe in honor and upright conduct, and from what I had heard of Frank Miller I was led to despise his vices and detest his character, and yet here were women whom I believed to be good and virtuous, smiling in his face, and graciously receiving his attentions.	asked the astounded Englishman.	"Do you mean by that that things are always going to remain as they are?"	"Taking this view of the matter I see the pertinence of your position on this subject.	After supper Annette's uncle went out and her aunt sat quietly and sewed till bed time, and then showed Annette to her room and left the lonely girl to herself and her great sorrow.	You are so good and gentle."	"She wants kissing."	Poor child, how wretched she was till "peace bound up her bleeding heart," and even then the arrow had pierced too deep for healing.	To her, Annette was a new charge, an increased burden; but burden to be defended by her love and guarded by her care.	The merchant, vexed at the unnecessary delay, said to Mr. Thomas in a bantering manner, "I believe you can do almost anything, couldn't you make this counter?"	She had become so absorbed in herself that she forgot everybody else and thought more of her rights than her duties.	Do you think because Miss Joseph is white that she is any better than you are."	He had seen many things in the life of the people with whom he was identified which gave him intense pain, but instead of constantly censuring and finding fault with their inconsistencies of conscience, he strove to live so blamelessly before them that he would show them by example a more excellent way and "criticise by creation."	The court in which Mrs. Harcourt lived was not a very desirable place, but, on account of her color, eligible houses could not always be obtained, and however decent, quiet or respectable she might appear on applying for a house, she was often met with the rebuff, "We don't rent to colored people," and men who virtually assigned her race the lowest place and humblest positions could talk so glibly of the degradation of the Negro while by their Christless and inhuman prejudice they were helping add to their low social condition.	He had left A.P.	"No prejudice against color!"	I wouldn't tell it out of our ranks, but I don't think she wrote that all herself."	"Nothing at all; I never had an unpleasant word with him in my life."	"No; I am not rich, but I hope that I will always be able to lend a hand to any lonely girl who is neglected, slighted and forgotten while she is trying to do right, who comes within my reach while I live in A.P.	Just now some of us are interested in getting our people out of these wretched alleys and crowded tenement houses into the larger, freer air of the country.	He was willing to give Mr. Thomas work, and put tools in his hands, and while watching how deftly he handled them, he did not notice the indignant scowls on the faces of his workmen, and their murmurs of disapprobation as they uttered their dissatisfaction one to the other.	"I do not think that I fully comprehend you," Mr. Lomax replied.	How so?	"You went to the wrong one when you went to your aunt 'Liza.	"Who do you think wrote it for her?"	And now while the guests are quietly taking their seats let me introduce you to them.	But while she was strong and healthy her husband, whose health was not very firm, soon succumbed to the change of climate and new modes of living and left Mrs. Harcourt a stranger and widow in a strange land with six children dependent on her for bread and shelter: but during her short sojourn in the North[3] she had enlisted the sympathy and respect of kind friends, who came to her relief and helped her to help herself, the very best assistance they could bestow upon her.	His wife could earn $1.50 a day, and instead of moving on his land, he remained about forty miles away, till he had forfeited his claim, and it fell into the hands of the present proprietor.	But when I spoke to Mrs. Larkins about her, she said Annette makes a fine appearance, but all is not gold that glitters.	"Yes, I know what she wants; but what do you think she wants?"	They were not considerate enough to take into account her antenatal history, and to pity where they were so ready to condemn.	"Oh, I hope he will come, he's so nice."	For her in that mission there was no room.	Little children either shrank from her or grew quiet in her presence.	"No; we won't work for a man who employs a nigger."	Everything seems to be against me."	"And who made you?"