The son of a dear friend had said to his mother, "I know I shall be killed, but I go to free the slave."	She said she came in yesterday with the Union soldiers, and that she had come from Louisiana, and then Minnie told her to come with her, and she would find a place for her to stop."	When I joined her, I found a colored woman talking to her, and she was trembling from head to foot, and just as pale as a ghost; and I said, 'Why, Minnie, what is the matter?'"	Shall I?"	And she felt on reading it with tearful eyes, that if she belonged to that race they had not shamed her by their want of courage; and so when Louis came to her and told her his intention, she would not attempt to oppose him, and when he was ready to depart, with many prayers, and sad farewells, she gave him up to fight the battles of freedom, for such it was to him, who went with every nerve in his right arm tingling to strike a blow for liberty.	He felt as a mariner at midnight on a moonless sea, who suddenly, when the storm is brewing, finds that he has lost his compass and his chart.	A skilful nurse, she knew how to prepare the most delicate viands to tempt the failing appetite, and she had the exquisite pleasure of seeing her care and attention rewarded by the returning health and strength of her child.	"Why, Minnie, you are not going to walk down the street with that Nig--colored woman; if you are, please excuse me.	"Tell them to come into the parlor, they are wanted immediately."	We are determined to tolerate no scalawags, nor carpetbaggers among us.	"Yes, she did, but she will never do it again," exclaimed Mrs.	Georgiette has taken a dislike to the child, and there is no living in peace with her unless I sell the child or take it away."	Why some of our nabobs would give three thousand dollars; but I'll tell you what I'll do, I'll let you have her for two thousand dollars; fancy article is cheap at that."	I believe it is the only thing that I have any talent for."	But we must not forget that Minnie will soon be a young lady; that she is very beautiful, and even now she begins to attract admiration.	Come home as soon as you can."	Why she jist up wid her foot and kicked Nancy in de mouf, and knocked out two of her teef.	"Yes."	"I know that there are those that have great obstacles to overcome, but I think that while Southerners may have more personal likings for certain favorite servants, they have stronger prejudices than even we have, or if they have no more than we have, they have more self-restraint, and show it more virulently."	He had plenty of money, a liberal education, and could have chosen a life of ease, but he was too ardent in his temperament, too decided in his character, not to feel an interest in the great events which were then transpiring in the country.	And so nothing daunted by difficulties and dangers, he set out on his journey, and being aided by rebels on his way in a few weeks he reached the old plantation on Red River; he found his sister and Miriam there both glad to see him.	You are as pale as death, and trembling like a leaf,--tell me if there is any truth in these words," turning and fixing his eyes on Miriam, who stood like some ancient prophetess, her lips pronouncing some fearful doom, while she watched in breathless anguish the effect upon the fated victim.	The first of the speakers is the son of Josiah Collins, and his friend is Louis Le Croix, Camilla's adopted brother.	As she went slowly on, loitering for her friend, she saw a woman approaching her from the opposite side of the street.	I'd send you both, Ellen, but, to tell you the truth, the plantation is running down, and the crops are so short this year I can't afford it; but when times get better, I'll send you up there and tell you where you can find her."	His mother said she had dedicated him to the Blessed Virgin, and I reckon she wanted to keep him out of the way of temptation.	"Sit down," said Minnie to the stranger, handing her a chair, "and wait till father comes."	Their hearts were too full; and as Minnie left the room, Thomas said, "Not now, Anna.	I believe the time will come, when he will see it in its true light, and if he joins our ranks he will be an important accession to our cause.	"But my wife is along."	Minnie came forward and gave her hand to Miriam, as Louis said, "This is my grandmother."	They have been careful to instil into her young mind a reverence for humanity, and to recognize beneath all externals, whether of condition or color, the human soul all written over with the handmarks of divinity and the common claims of humanity.	"Oh, never fear, thee's among friends; thee need not be afraid to tell all about thyself."	Chapter XIV Where was he steering; and now, the course of his life was changed, what kind of future must he make for himself?	A deceitful thing to try to pass for white when she is colored!	And with these words the two friends parted to meet again the next day at the railroad station.	"You look so much like a picture I have seen of yours in your father's album.	But there the similitude ends; unlike Le Croix, he had grown up a gay and reckless young man, fond of sports, and living an aimless life.	And what do you think Minnie said?"	said Georgiette in a sharp, shrill tone.	"We are going to open a school, and devote our lives to the upbuilding of the future race.	Louis turned pale, but bracing his nerves he said, "Where are they?"	But the question of the intermingling of the races in marriage is one that scarcely interests this question.	Miriam did as she was bidden; but her heart was lighter when she knew that freedom had come so near her and Louis.	cried a half dozen voices.	"Come, go home with me."	However, her brave young heart never failed her, but kept true to its purpose to join that noble band who left the sunshine of their homes to help build up a new South on the basis of a higher and better civilization.	Minnie trembled from head to foot; a deadly pallor overspread her cheek, and she stood still as if rooted to the ground in silent amazement, while the woman stood anxiously watching her as if her future were hanging on the decision of her lips.	"Well, perhaps she has, but, darling, you cannot better the condition of the colored men without helping the colored women.	She had seen the old system under a new light.	"Yes, but I have not told you the crowning attraction."	Le Grange bit his lip, but said nothing.	And then she made us feel so indignant when she told us that on her way to Washington to get her son's pension, she stopped in Philadelphia, and the conductor tried to make her leave the car, and because she would not, he ran the car off the track."	"Well, let me begin: she has the most beautiful little feet.	There is only one subject which is to them a source of concern.	There's nothing like having faith."	"Here's my wife," said Louis, turning to Minnie.	"Saratoga?"	"I will, darling," he said, kissing her tenderly again and again.	Milly, in spite of her indignation could not help laughing.	Oh, how I should hate to be colored!"	"Yes," said Miriam, "but not so bad as to see him fighting agin his own color.	Prejudiced as we are in Pennsylvania, we do not go that far."	"She asked her where she came from, and where she lived.	said two of her schoolmates, who observed that Carrie had come home alone.	said Minnie, to her adopted father.	Camilla following, wondering how she would like the young wife.	Chapter XVI "And I," said Minnie, "will help you pay it."	said a pale and interesting-looking girl.	Where's your hat and mantle?"	"She is well, and often wonders what has become of her poor boy; but she always has persisted in believing that she would see you again, and I know her dear old eyes will run over with gladness.	Has thee ever examined it?"	A friend of mine, who was an angel of mercy to the Union prisoners, dressing their wounds and carrying them relief, had a dear son, who always kept a Union flag at home, which he regarded with almost religious devotion.	"She passed on, and left me talking with Mrs. Jackson.	Louis bowed very low, and expressed his pleasure in seeing them; and hoped they would have a happy time, and that nothing should be wanting on his part, to make it so.	"Come in," said Thomas, as he reached his door, "come in, thee's welcome to stop and rest with us."	Not that they love her less on account of the blood that is in her veins, but they dread the effect its discovery would have upon the pleasant social circle with which she is surrounded, and also the fear that the revelation would be painful to her.	She had to go; but he was glad of one thing; the trader was dead, and his wife had got a place in the city with a very nice lady, and he hoped to see her when he went to New Orleans.	He arose like one in a dream, walked slowly to the door and left the room.	Mr.	The carriage harnessed, Samuel found no difficulty with his horses, and reached the depot almost a half hour before the time.	Louis thought he would rest awhile and then arrange his affairs to return to the South.	"I don't know about that St. Pierre.