Even her frugality, her love of order and cleanliness, and the readiness with which she could speak on any subject and ward off anything that irritated her pride, delighted him.	One angry voice, towering above the rest, shouted: "Mitry Nikolayitch--don't you throw my words back at me!"	Is it thou, bold madcap.	I thought you were--only such a one as----and you are----forgive me dear!"	When Ilya returned to the house of Petrusha Filimonov, he discovered with pleasure that he had grown considerably during the time he had spent in the shop.	cried Lunev angrily.	Then we will celebrate out misfortune!	"Here one must reckon in a special way."	His intimacy with Olympiada, so unexpectedly begun from a woman's whim, rendered Ilya at first quite arrogant.	Every now and then a whisper was audible.	Be still my friend and don't complain,     But stuff your mouth with bread again."	And, if you have a soul, how did it get inside you?	"Ilya," he shouted, "come and look here on the floor, if you can't find a ten-rouble piece!"	asked Ilya, thoughtfully.	He hung a white muslin curtain before the window.	cried Avtonomov as he kissed his wife, and she laughed.	"Because of that?	"I'm so sorry to be late," murmured Ilya.	"Oh, I don't know for whom, for you or for herself, it's all the same!	"He'll understand up there.	"What?"	But the shopman tore it out of his hand, tweaked his nose, and said crossly: "Who said you could do that, fool!"	Some one ran against him.	Above all he was the sworn foe of all little girls, and could seldom resist the temptation to pinch them or push them, or pull their hair, and generally make their lives a burden.	His shoulders twitched, his fingers involuntarily clenched, and a daring boldness awakened in his heart and banished his fear.	She looked at him, sighed, and went on: "And who desires much, from him also much shall be desired."	This step is labelled: "Household duties."	"They'll have you out, or else you yourself will give it up."	O God!	Tell us!"	"Why?"	"Yes," said Ilya, defiantly.	"Why do you never come to see us?"	"He knows that I'm grown up, and can look after myself," answered Masha.	He went about half-clothed and barefoot, and his beloved old harmonica was always under his arm.	"She's two children, not three."	Oh yes."	But Gratschev maintained his statement.	His dirty shirt used to slip up on to his hump and leave his naked loins visible.	was his thought.	And then Jakov starts in all of a sudden: 'Let me go too,' he says."	He used not to pray, but would simply stand in some corner and look, without any definite thought, at the worshipping crowd and listen to the singing of the choir.	"Early next year I'm done."	I will entertain him--shall I?"	The lad stayed a moment before answering, then went up to Ilya and asked, looking suspiciously round the little room: "What do you want?"	He felt hot and sick, his face was full of blood, his eyes were strained with the tenseness of their gaze.	The sound of this conversation seemed to send new strength and courage streaming through him.	You'll pull me out of the pit.	Near the door stood a Dutch stove, and along the wall, with its head against the stove a wide bed; opposite the bed a table and two chairs; a third chair stood in front of the window that appeared as a dark spot in the grey wall.	A lamp burned on the bar, lighting up the bulging teapots and the bottles in the cupboards against the wall.	Stay a little."	While mother was alive, he did not drink much."	What can you say against it?"	No, don't think that!	asked Ilya sternly.	"No need for that; it's coming down in bucketsful.	answered Kirik lazily.	His hands moved slackly, his face was despairing, and he spoke slowly in a dull voice.	"That's to say, you bargained with Him?"	I shall give up the police altogether, and start as agent or manager in a big business.	"Why?"	"Forgive me, brother," said Lunev slowly and heavily, lowering his eyes.	Ilya had an unpleasant feeling, as though something were crawling over his face.	"But how did you learn things there?"	With downcast eyes he sat on his bed and had no inclination to dress.	through the windows came the sound of lively appeals and applause from Gromov's house.	Ilya disliked the silence.	He was ashamed now of his anxiety, and the precaution of the scrap of down seemed foolish and ridiculous.	Ilya looked at her, and again felt a painful discomfort; but almost immediately the sensation vanished under the influence of new impressions and cares.	"Good-day!	See, what a life!"	Silly boy!	"He said to me: 'As the chisel needs the stone to gain its sharpness, so man heeds sin, to wear away his soul, and bring it to the dust at the feet of all-merciful God.'"	Terenti looked hard at him, sighed and said nothing, Jakov met him in Masha's room, and said with a terrified face: "Last night the Ward Superintendent was here; he asked father all about you.	I'm with you, Vassili is in Siberia in a telegraph office, Sonyka gives lessons.	it's hot!	"Can't you really give up brandy?"	His thoughts flew far away from his own sins.	Jakov looked once like an anxious nurse at Masha, and turned the lamp down.	Quick, be quick!"	A proud self-confident feeling awakened in him, healing the little wounds that life had dealt his heart.	"His wife," said Ilya.	"I don't understand; God help you!"