When he shouted, the hawk was scared, swept upwards, swung away, and disappeared.	They called us to come to dinner.	If he did not want to answer, he would always say "That's another thing."	XII The illness dried him up still more, burnt something out of him.	The old magician stands before me, alien to all, a solitary traveller through all the deserts of thought in search of an all-embracing truth which he has not found--I look at him and, although I feel sorrow for the loss, I feel pride at having seen the man, and that pride alleviates my pain and grief.	But you must clearly have read a great deal: now look here, it's dangerous.	The French have three writers, Stendhal, Balzac, Flaubert; and, well, perhaps Maupassant, though Tchekhov is better than he.	But God took him away to the life of paradise on the night     Friday to Saturday in Passion week ...' and something like that...." He was silent, and then, nodding his head and smiling faintly, added: "In human stupidity when it is not malicious, there is something very touching, even beautiful....	But with your peasants in every story everything is revealed: it's a universal council of wisdom.	I should think you don't understand women; they don't come off with you.	no."	Once, when Anton Pavlovitch was walking on the lawn with Alexandra Lvovna, Tolstoi, who at the time was still ill and was sitting in a chair on the terrace, seemed to stretch towards them, saying in a whisper: "Ah, what a beautiful, magnificent man: modest and quiet like a girl!	Why should not Nature make an exception to her law, give to one man physical immortality--why not?	I said that probably all writers are to some extent inventors, describing people as they would like to see them in life; I also said that I liked active people who desire to resist the evil of life by every means, even violence.	You are evidently not much of a lady's man.	Someone, always stolidly stupid as a flat-iron, asked: "What do you say?"	He is like that: if he did something bad, it would be out of pity for someone."	He gave us the Gospels in order that we might forget the contradictions in Christ; he simplified Christ's image, smoothing away the militant elements and bringing into the foreground the humble "will of Him that sent Him."	All his life he feared and hated death, all his life there throbbed in his soul the "Arsamaxian terror" --must he die?	Look at lovers, they are all talented."	X "Friedrich of Prussia said very truly: 'Everyone must save himself in his own way.'	But to return to Shestov.	He had in him, I think, the inquisitive, mischievous wildness of a Vaska Buslayev, and also something of the stubbornness of soul of the Protopop Avvakum, while above or at his side lay hidden the scepticism of a Tchaadayev.	That is a sample of Muscovite Russian, simple and hearty, and here is another, but "free-thinkerish": "Leo Nicolayevitch, though I disagree with your religious-philosophical views, I deeply respect in your person the greatest of artists."	For the Tiulin above look at the year 1905, and for the Oblomov below look at Count A. N. Tolstoi, I. Bunin, look at everything round about you.	Saying this, he smiled triumphantly: at times he has the broad, calm smile of a man who has overcome something extremely difficult or from whom some sharp, long-gnawing pain has lifted suddenly.	Surely he has some thoughts of which he is afraid.	The groom is there, isn't he?	At last, by God's grace, I am face to face with the greatest son of our native land.	I once saw him as, perhaps, no one has ever seen him.	For he realizes that that preaching is not sufficiently convincing; in his diary you will, some day, read good instances of scepticism applied by him to his own preaching and personality.	"Blue blood," he said, wiping the tears from his eyes, "that's it--blue blood.	Then I walked on tip-toe away in order that the pebbles might not scrunch under my feet, not wishing to distract his thoughts.	Holiness is attained by flirting with sin, by subduing the will to live.	I remember my first meeting with him and his talk about "Varienka Oliessova" and "Twenty-six and One."	"That's terrible.	Not only by the labour of peasant men and women, not only by the taxes they pay, but in the literal sense by their blood.	[Footnote 1: In _Kreutzer Sonata._] [Footnote 2: Words used by quack vets, for the diseases of horses.]	They had studied life from books written by inventors like themselves, and they thought it a serious business; but it was of no use to a soul."	... No, not that ..." He began to laugh, and, rolling up the book into a tube, he put it into the big pocket of his blouse.	She is a filthy girl, and her breasts like pancakes, and all that.	And the other, the weary one, the money-loving founder of the family--that's true too.	XIV Someone sent him an excellent version of the story of Christ's godson.	Well, now he is probably making his last assault in order to give to his ideas the highest possible significance.	In his two eyes Leo Nicolayevitch possessed a thousand eyes.	And when she lies, she does not believe herself; but Rousseau lied and believed his lies."	XXX How strange that he is so fond of playing cards.	He, too, seemed to me like an old stone come to life, who knows all the beginnings and the ends of things, who considers when and what will be the end of the stones, the grasses of the earth, of the waters of the sea, and of the whole universe from the pebble to the sun.	and a doctor of medicine:-- "The words 'giltchak,' 'potchetchny,' bloodletting,'[2] are they not precisely the same as nerves, rheumatism, organisms, etc.?"	He is too rational for that and knows life and people too well.	Then, after a pause, he said seriously: "It was generous in you to strike her like that; any other man would have struck her on the head for that.	It's written swaggeringly, but it's all right and interesting.	Suddenly I noticed that there were tears in Tolstoi's eyes, and this confused me and I stopped.	To a Frenchman woman is everything.	Sulerzhizky and I wrote down many things which Tolstoi said, but Suler lost his notes when he came to me at Arsamas: he was habitually careless, and although he loved Leo Nicolayevitch like a woman, he behaved towards him rather strangely, almost like a superior.	"That's politics; that's another thing."	He's severe ...	He patted me on the shoulder.	Here are some more of his words: "The Kaliph Abdurahman had during his life fourteen happy days, but I am sure I have not had so many.	You remember that Andersen says: 'The gilt will come off and the pig-skin will remain'; just as our peasants say: 'Everything will pass away, the truth alone will remain.'	But I believe it.	He spoke musingly, as though asking himself questions.	"Well now!	"But you yourself often speak in aphorisms."	I had many long conversations with him; when he was living at Gaspra in the Crimea, I often went to him and he liked coming to me; I have studied his books lovingly; it seems to me that I have the right to say what I think of him, even if it be bold and differ widely from the general opinion.	That upset my idea of him, an idea which was deeply rooted and had become dear to me.	Someone remarked that Shestov was a Jew.	He sat down on the sofa, and, after a moment's silence, suddenly said, swaying his body a little, rubbing the palm of his hand on his knee, and wrinkling up his face: "Still that is not all--not all."	He knew Balzac.	But, undeniably, Russia as a whole is--Tiulin above and Oblomov below.	My letter was bitter, and in the end I did not send it to him.	Very generous!	He laughed heartily at the scene in the court of the Kazan magistrate, Konovalov, where I had first seen the man whom I described under the name of Kuvalda.	He listens attentively as though recalling something which he has forgotten or as though waiting for something new and unknown.	Everything is national in him, and all his preaching is a reaction from the past, an atavism which we had already begun to shake off and overcome.	XIII If he were a fish, he would certainly swim only in the ocean, never coming to the narrow seas, and particularly not to the flat waters of earthly rivers.	He laughed, and then, probably noticing that I was a little hurt by his distrust of me: "Are you hurt because I thought your dreams bookish?	In such cases I am ready to bless wine."	I remarked that as long as we live in the narrow sphere of our anthropomorphous and unavoidable "travelling companions," we build everything on quicksands and in a hostile medium.	He was suspicious without reason, ambitious, heavy and unfortunate.	Old Romans, eh, Liovushka?	He cannot be insincere, but, if this be sincere, then it makes it worse.	The one who is going to be a monk and pray for the whole family --it's wonderful.