"That's the easiest part, captain," he said.	said a smooth voice behind Job.	Immediately afterward the order was given to crowd all canvas and put the ship about.	And every time he lifted his wineglass he looked over the top all down the table."	"What is to be done?	exclaimed Leicester, for it was he, dropping his grasp from the captain's arm and staring in the dim light.	Leicester advanced, but Violet passed him and went to kiss Ethel.	Bertie's eyes followed Violet as she passed, leaning upon Lord Boisdale's arm.	Had they seen the whole of that secret drawer business?	If we can persuade Captain Murpoint to accompany us, we will go up to town for a week or two."	"What is it?"	"No?	He struggled hard and furiously to free his arms and mouth, but his unseen assailants were four to one, and, after a few moments, he gave up the ineffectual resistance, and knelt, for he had been forced on to his knees at last, nevertheless glaring impotently round him.	I have a wonderful memory for wine and faces.	While he was speaking, he was cautiously, but fearlessly, lowering himself onto one of the ledges of which he had spoken, and Violet's horrified eyes lost first his legs, then his body, and last of all his good-looking face, as it disappeared below the edge.	"I did not sleep very well last night," said Violet, flushing for a moment as she thought how many hours she had heard the clock strike, and how full those waking hours were of one individual.	and he neared the edge.	You are not a tallow melter--and--and--oh, I do not know what to say, save that I am not guilty of the meanness you lay to my charge."	Good-night."	"It is a fair question," he said, at last, "and I will answer it.	"Delightful!"	It was stamped with the Lackland crest.	So saying, he passed through the doorway, outside which, eying the elegant room with a satisfied and comprehensive gaze, stood the grim-faced, sharp-eyed "faithful fellow," the captain's servant.	Good-morning."	Oh, at that moment how she longed that there might be!	I see him do it--I see him and Jem Starling; and I know who killed Jem!	He glanced at the timepiece significantly.	A TRYING INTERVIEW.	"A man fell over the cliff," said the captain.	There was a slight stir behind the curtain, but the speaker did not notice it.	"Tell me by return," she wrote, "who and what these Dodsons are, whether they are really as rich as they are supposed to be and if I am right in letting Ethel see so much of the son.	The _Wave_ had come in, telegraphed the skipper of the yacht, but Mr. Leicester had not arrived by it.	I hope you thrashed him."	And he took up his hat.	There was reason in the retort, but Leicester disregarded it or willfully misunderstood it.	"Have you any parchment?	"Then he has gone to town," said the captain, springing out of bed and stretching himself thoughtfully.	said the captain, dreading that the girl's unusual excitement would result in a fit of hysterics, which would prove eminently inconvenient to him.	On that day he had aired his grievance among the fishermen, who sympathized with him, and, of course, had aired it in the public house.	"Captain Murpoint is invaluable; he is extremely clever, and seems to obtain implicit obedience here."	"There you have the advantage of me," said the captain, setting his wineglass down, and looking round at the attentive faces.	You look tired, my child.	There was a large old-fashioned bureau, an iron safe, half a dozen heavy, leather-backed, oak chairs and some shelves loaded with books.	"And where was that?"	I'll do worse; I'll publish the story and the bet in every club in London!	Violet, who had been listening, with her dark eyes fixed upon the captain's face, drew a long breath.	Mine has spoken for the last time."	All hands on deck!"	There's nobody listening, is there?	"Nothing nearly concerning the family, I hope?"	Her name is Mildmay, Violet Mildmay.	"Enjoyed it, did you?"	"Which he does," said Ethel.	he muttered, hoarsely.	With a thrill of delight he extinguished the flickering flame in the lantern and pushed his way through the bush, taking care to replace the disturbed branches.	"Won't ye come in?"	She sailed in, with all her canvas crowded, looking as unconcerned as a swan on a lake after an April shower, and the crowd burst into a cheer of mingled excitement and admiration.	Captain Murpoint possessed the rare art of smiling well.	There is to be a crowd at Clare House to-night, and Bertie will see Ethel--perhaps speak to her.	said Lord Fitz.	"I will wait until I return."	"You shall not marry him, Violet, if you do not love him.	Lord Fitz felt--well, he never could tell how he felt at their first meeting, though he tried to often afterward.	"When I was young enough to cherish such daring ambitions I dreamed that I could make a place for myself in this great struggling, writhing world, a place high enough to satisfy my ambition and feed my hope.	Heaven willed it that he should never see England again."	said Leicester.	"The villain," said the captain, with grave displeasure.	To-morrow you shall take that to his office, and then we'll start off to Penruddie.	Allow me to introduce my friend--Mr. Wilhelm Smythe, Mr. Bertie Fairfax."	I never see such swag.	Do they refuse to run the cargoes?"	Lady Lackland drew the table to a convenient position, and without rising wrote a note to the earl, who was still in London.	The captain made a gesture of assent.	she burst forth, with a wail of wounded pride.	"Not if you call me Lady Boisdale, but I will go anywhere with you if you will call me Ethel."	"Where is Ben Bolt?"	who is that on the box going with us?"	The captain passed through, and reached the house.	A nice, quiet old boy.	"Alarmed, were you, Captain Murpoint?"	"Have you posted a man at the station?"	"I can say that I am taking a midnight stroll and a cigar."	"Good-by, my dear boy," said the earl, "good-by; you will find Ethel in the park.