He was as good a listener as talker, appreciating everything that others said, however humble might be their rank or pretensions, and was quick to testify his perception of any point in their discourse.	The great figures in the tapestry, also, were almost animated by the workings of my imagination, and the Vandyke portraits of the cavalier and lady that looked down with pale aspects from the wall, had almost a spectral effect, from their immovable gaze and silent companionship--   "For by dim lights the portraits of the dead     Have something ghastly, desolate, and dread.	One of the first of my antiquarian rambles was on horseback, in company with Colonel Wildman and his lady, who undertook to guide me to Borne of the moldering monuments of the forest.	While he was making the remark, a small female figure in white, flitted by without speaking a word, or indeed appearing to notice them.	This was all done, do you see, to draw me out; but I said nothing, but shook my head.	When Scott had got through his brief literary occupation, we set out on a ramble.	It was the Parliament Oak, so called in memory of an assemblage of the kind held by King John beneath its shade.	It walked the cloisters by night, and sometimes glimpses of it were seen in other parts of the Abbey.	To this woody nook Colonel Wildman has given the appropriate title of "the Poet's Corner."	It comes no doubt from their being so familiar with witches and warlocks."	So much for the love of rule--poor Nanny's house was a hole in a rock!	They had been deeply cut in the bark, but the natural growth of the tree was gradually rendering them illegible, and a few years hence, strangers will seek in vain for this record of fraternal affection.	The heather, too, that closely woven robe of Scottish landscape which covers the nakedness of its hills and mountains, tinted the neighborhood with soft and rich colors.	At the time of the dissolution of the convents during the reign of Henry VIII., Newstead underwent a sudden reverse, being given, with the neighboring manor and rectory of Papelwick, to Sir John Byron, Steward of Manchester and Rochdale, and Lieutenant of Sherwood Forest.	These rude pageants are the lingering remains of the old customs of Plough Monday, when bands of rustics, fantastically dressed, and furnished with pipe and tabor, dragged what was called the "fool plough" from house to house, singing ballads and performing antics, for which they were rewarded with money and good cheer.	Scott applied to his lips the ivory whistle, always hanging at his button-hole, and soon called in the culprits, excepting Hamlet.	"Amidst the court a Gothic fountain play'd,     Symmetrical, but deck'd with carvings quaint,   Strange faces, like to men in masquerade,     And here perhaps a monster, there a saint:   The spring rush'd through grim mouths of granite made,     And sparkled into basins, where it spent   Its little torrent in a thousand bubbles,   Like man's vain glory, and his vainer troubles."	When I retired for the night, I found it almost impossible to sleep; the idea of being under the roof of Scott; of being on the borders of the Tweed, in the very centre of that region which had for some time past been the favorite scene of romantic fiction; and above all, the recollections of the ramble I had taken, the company in which I had taken it, and the conversation which had passed, all fermented in my mind, and nearly drove sleep from my pillow.	"Of Mansfield!"	The ancient jealousy between the Highlanders and the Lowlanders still continued to a certain degree, the former looking upon the latter as an inferior race, less brave and hardy, but at the same time, suspecting them of a disposition to take airs upon themselves under the idea of superior refinement.	This ancient family worthy figures in the traditions of the Abbey, and in the ghost stories with which it abounds, under the quaint and graphic appellation of "Sir John Byron the Little, with the great Beard."	The poor man was astonished, and would not believe either ears or eyes; he insisted that he had lain down to sleep but half an hour before on the Peatlaw, near Selkirk.	He spoke of it, I may say, with affection.	From early morn until dinner time he was rambling about, showing me the neighborhood, and during dinner and until late at night, engaged in social conversation.	Why, soldiers, why,   Whose business 'tis to die!	"But silent let me sink to earth.	A ride of a few miles farther brought us at length among the venerable and classic shades of Sherwood, Here I was delighted to find myself in a genuine wild wood, of primitive and natural growth, so rarely to be met with in this thickly peopled and highly cultivated country.	The lapse of upward of six centuries had reduced this once mighty tree to a mere crumbling fragment, yet, like a gigantic torso in ancient statuary, the grandeur of the mutilated trunk gave evidence of what it had been in the days of its glory.	"Yet he prefers thee to the gilded domes,     Or gewgaw grottoes of the vainly great;   Yet lingers mid thy damp and mossy tombs,     Nor breathes a murmur 'gainst the will of fate."	a monk, arrayed     In cowl, and beads, and dusky garb, appeared,   Now in the moonlight, and now lapsed in shade;     With steps that trod as heavy, yet unheard;   His garments only a slight murmur made;     He moved as shadowy as the sisters weird,   But slowly; and as he passed Juan by   Glared, without pausing, on him a bright eye.	I gazed at it with admiration; it seemed like one of the gigantic obelisks which are now and then brought from Egypt, to shame the pigmy monuments of Europe; and, in fact, these vast aboriginal trees, that have sheltered the Indians before the intrusion of the white men, are the monuments and antiquities of your country."	He had a quick perception of faults and foibles, but he looked upon poor human nature with an indulgent eye, relishing what was good and pleasant, tolerating what was frail, and pitying what was evil.	They used to tend the sheep together when Laidlaw was a boy, and Hogg would recite the first struggling conceptions of his muse.	The six weeks' vacation passed as a dream amongst the beautiful flowers of Annesley.	The retired and quiet garden, once a little sequestered world of love and romance, was now all matted and wild, yet was beautiful, even in its decay.	The sacred relic was sent to a brazier to be cleaned.	While we were thus chatting, we heard the report of a gun among the hills.	She was at that age when a female soon changes from the girl to a woman, and leaves her boyish lovers far behind her.	I should rather think that he found poetical enjoyment in these supernatural themes, and that his imagination delighted to people this gloomy and romantic pile with all kinds of shadowy inhabitants.	'A thousand vassals mustered round    With horse, and hawk, and horn, and hound;    And through the brake the rangers stalk,    And falc'ners hold the ready hawk;    And foresters in green-wood trim    Lead in the leash the greyhound grim."	Colonel (at that time Major) Wildman had been a schoolmate of the poet, and sat with him on the same form at Harrow.	Every sight and sound this morning seemed calculated to summon up touching recollections of poor Byron.	"Lord Byron one day said to me, 'Nanny, what nonsense they tell about ghosts, as if there ever were any such things.	Upon her face there was the tint of grief,   The settled shadow of an inward strife,   And an unquiet drooping of the eye,   _As if its lids were charged with unshed tears_."	The long corridors and Gothic halls, with their ancient portraits and dark figures in armor, are all haunted regions to them; they even fear to sleep alone, and will scarce venture at night on any distant errand about the Abbey unless they go in couples.	It brought to mind his own adventure with the Little White Lady in the wood of Undine, and he was surprised to find that she still continued her mysterious wanderings about the Abbey.	Such is the story of the goblin friar, which, partly through old tradition, and partly through the influence of Lord Byron's rhymes, has become completely established in the Abbey, and threatens to hold possession so long as the old edifice shall endure.	exclaims he, with a sudden burst of feeling, "why do I say _my_?	----Their buried looks still wave     Along the canvas; their eyes glance like dreams   On ours, as spars within some dusky cave,     But death is mingled in their shadowy beams."	Park, who was a Hercules in frame, seized the dirk, and, with one blow, drove it through an oaken table:--"Yes," replied he, "and tell your friends that a man from the Lowlands drove it where the devil himself cannot draw it out again."	Can we wonder that amidst the tender recollections which every object around him was calculated to awaken, the fond passion of his boyhood should rush back in full current to his heart?	I had supposed, after the time he had wasted upon me yesterday, he would be closely occupied this morning, but he appeared like a man of leisure, who had nothing to do but bask in the sunshine and amuse himself.	Another worthy whom Colonel Wildman found vegetating upon the place, and who had lived there for at least sixty years, was old Joe Murray.	The girl, she said, was too old for her son, besides, she did not see that he was in any need of a wife.	As the old shepherd told his tales, he could point out the very scene of action.	Byron sometimes speaks as if he had met with kindness in return, at other times lie acknowledges that she never gave 'him reason to believe she loved him.	Our ride took us through a part of the country where King John had once held a hunting seat; the ruins of which are still to be seen.	When the weather held up, we continued our walk until we came to a beautiful sheet of water, in the bosom of the mountain, called, if I recollect right, the lake of Cauldshiel.	She explained the motives of her frequent and long visits to the Abbey, which proved to be a singularly enthusiastic idolatry of the genius of Lord Byron, and a solitary and passionate delight in haunting the scenes he had once inhabited.	The carcass was still warm, the throat bore marks of the fatal grip, and Hamlet's muzzle was stained with blood.	The garden, like their young hearts, had gone to waste and ruin.	Never was a traveller in quest of the romantic in greater luck.	He was brought up, therefore, for the Church, whence he was occasionally called the Dominie, and is supposed, by his mixture of learning, simplicity, and amiable eccentricity, to have furnished many traits for the character of Dominie Sampson.	Not far from Sandy Knowe, Scott pointed out another old border hold, standing on the summit of a hill, which had been a kind of enchanted castle to him in his boyhood.	During his subsequent rambles in the East, when time and distance had softened away his "early romance" almost into the remembrance of a pleasing and tender dream, he received accounts of the object of it, which represented her, still in her paternal Hall, among her native bowers of Annesley, surrounded by a blooming and beautiful family, yet a prey to secret and withering melancholy--   ----"In her home,   A thousand leagues from his,--her native home,   She dwelt, begirt with growing infancy,   Daughters and sons of beauty, but--behold!	Scott's whole time was taken up in riding and driving about the country, or in social conversation at home.	The last may be thought an easy alternative, but unfortunately, the baron's young lady was hideously ugly, with a mouth from ear to ear, so that not a suitor was to be had for her, either for love or money, and she was known throughout the border country by the name of Muckle-mouthed Mag!	The beauty of the morning, and the quiet of the hour, tempted me to an early stroll; for it is pleasant to enjoy such old-time places alone, when one may indulge poetical reveries, and spin cobweb fancies, without interruption.	"There is no telling," said he, "what treasures are hid in that glorious old pile.	I have that pride within me which will enable me to support difficulties: could I obtain in exchange for Newstead Abbey, the first fortune in the country, I would reject the proposition."	thou art happy, and I feel     That I should thus be happy too;   For still my heart regards thy weal     Warmly, as it was wont to do.	Let me step forward in the course of events, and relate the fate of poor Lauckie, as it was communicated to me a year or two afterward in letter by Scott.	Nanny Smith was scandalized at his ribald songs, but being above harm herself, endured them in silence.	The floor of the chamber was of tesselated oak, shining with wax, and partly covered by a Turkey carpet.	He appeared to feel much chagrin at their being in the possession, and subject to the intermeddlings of the Earl, who was represented as a nobleman of an eccentric character.	It was evident she had spoken the truth as to what she had heard, but had been deceived by some peculiar effect of sound.	He talked of him as of a real friend whom he had lost, and Sophia Scott, looking up archly in his face, observed that Papa shed a few tears when poor Camp died.	It was the tower of Bemerside, the baronial residence of the Haigs, or De Hagas, one of the oldest families of the border.	However, they say his lordship did once see something.	[Footnote: DON JUAN, Canto III] Around this quadrangle were low vaulted cloisters, with Gothic arches, once the secluded walks of the monks: the corridor along which we were passing was built above these cloisters, and their hollow arches seemed to reverberate every footfall.	About the place were strewed various morsels from the ruins of Melrose Abbey, which were to be incorporated in his mansion.	I have never seen any thing of the kind about the Abbey, and I warrant you have not.'	On the following day I made an excursion with Scott and the young ladies to Dryburgh Abbey.