"It is disloyal of me, I know," the xhind murmured, "but I had hoped the mbretersha would not find a human representative before I died.	When they reached Burdon, he would fire Raines simply on the basis of the forged papers.	"And she's not very--she isn't--" Mattern got up and put his hand on his brother's shoulder.	Ethics aside, it's a good deal.	"For once, your men can take care of the ship," the xhind said, "since there will be no trading stop."	"It is fitting that we superintend the loading of the ship."	"It is the same as naming it after her," the kqyres said shortly.	Under Njeri's tutelage, Mattern cultivated the arts and the amenities.	And the kqyres indicated the gold.	"Where?"	"If she wants a crystal tower, I will have one built for her.	As if that weren't bad enough, it could also happen that even a stuff previously proven to be stable in both universes could become unstable, if there was even the trace of a potentially unstable element, or if something that, stable in itself, combined with it in unstable fashion.	And he looked at his outlandish friend with a great affection.	For the laws of the Federation, I don't give a damn--men made 'em and men can break 'em--but to go against the laws of nature, that is a different thing."	Naturally, Mattern would see Lyddy, who was one of the seven wonders of that system.	Her voice broke on the truth.	When you look at the cargo and see what it is, you will want to come back."	The ship set down on the "safe" port at Ferr.	The old man's pale green eyes protruded even further from his head.	Neither of them could, he knew, see the hyperspacers.	Mattern asked bluntly.	the old man jeered.	Finally, Len gave in--to his own common sense more than to the officer's--and signed up for the voyage.	No explosion, no sound.	When I was a kid, she could fool me into believing she had a hold over me.	"If you are disturbed about my effect upon your people when they catch sight of me," the kqyres assured the young man, "you may ease your mind.	You're awful greedy, Lennie--awful greedy."	That was the real reason for the schools; any actual training was incidental.	At the end of the voyage, he was offered a permanent berth on the _Perseus_.	"Others go sane also," he said.	Mattern asked self-mockingly.	I'm used to playing alone."	The thought impressed him.	It had merely been a question of survival.	The second officer was patient, because he knew Mattern was his only chance of making the crew up to its full complement.	the kqyres asked.	The xhindi themselves ceased to be monstrous in his eyes.	"But all I want is just one night!"	"Well," Mattern said, "Lyddy's waited so long, she can wait a little longer.	"I never wanted anybody to do _that_ much for me.	"I never thought of that," the kqyres confessed.	"Young Raines.	"It's not a question of absolute power or divine right--simply that my people come first, even before myself; my own world is part of me, and I am part of it by nature and instinct.	*       *       *       *       * "But you've been with me almost a year now," Mattern pointed out, "and done nothing except talk to Lyddy against me.	Normally the starships did not take on untrained hands.	Three of Hesperia's four planets were barren rocks.	And he lunged for Mattern, reaching out the four monstrous arms that were his in hyperspace, the eye in his forehead brilliant with that hideous sanity.	"This procedure is acceptable in terms of your culture?"	"I'd better start getting things ready for the trip to Burdon."	When the government protested, he graciously gave them copies free of all charge.	"Of course not, dear," he said awkwardly.	However, he couldn't help being curious.	All I wanted were nice things and somebody to take care of me and maybe love me.	Then Mattern remembered the young spaceman he had met coming into the hotel, who seemed to have a look of Lyddy.	So they took the _Valkyrie_, the two of them--and Balas, of course, but naturally nobody would consult a madman--and headed for hyperspace.	A technical term.	Nobody, seeing him, could ever have fancied him once a poor wizened space rat.	_But they all do the same things._ But he couldn't keep her out of his mind.	He decided there was no point bothering with the other planets; he might as well have his teeth and everything else taken care of on Earth, too.	Being what he was, he could never expose himself to a court battle, no matter how much justice might be on his side in a particular instance.	_But I was only sixteen_, Mattern argued with himself; _how could I have been held responsible?_ And then he told himself, _You haven't been sixteen for twenty-four years._ "I thought one of the women in the village would have adopted you," he said.	"One of 'em did.	But that was nonsensical.	Mattern could not speak; he was so overwhelmed by the tribute.	They are more than her children."	"Yeah, I guess so."	The kqyres evidently did not know, but he made an effort to understand.	You need have no fear," he added with a sigh.	But I thought she might not have come up to your expectations.	Mattern was somewhat taken aback.	"It just seems that way to you.	Mattern cried, almost with sincerity.	He looked at the crewman.	Maybe you'd like me to sign her over to you entirely."	He turned to face Balas' onrush, and his laughter no longer sounded insane in his ears; it had the triumphant energy of a primeval war cry.	Instinct made Mattern seize the axe from its hooks on the wall.	I was not speaking metaphorically.	"There is a tiny planet that circles the dim sun you call Van Maanen's star," the alien persisted.	But in spite of his lack of training, they offered him the job.	Only the captains were ever permitted to see these charts; they would be far too dangerous in irresponsible hands.	*       *       *       *       * The night of the Jump, Mattern turned in at the kqyres' suggestion.	It was wonderful, it was ecstasy, it was everything he had dreamed of--but it was too short.	"This is your first time on Erytheia, is it?"