I pressed my nose against the port and saw the tiny flicker of a spaceliner taking off, Marsbound.	Another one of those signs.	But knock or voice?	Ferdinand, who has been perverting that sunny and carefree soul of yours?"	Except, of course, in their ancient, bloody ways.	"But way I look at it, a man who lets somebody else handle his blaster is like the giant whose heart was in an egg that an enemy found.	Then she shut her pad with the final gesture of the right hand that Mom used to use just before challenging the opposition to come right down on the Council floor and debate it out with her.	_Ford?_ Now, you listen to me, Ferdinand...." After that it was all over but the confession.	"Figure if you wanted a poodle, you're pretty enough to pick one up on Earth.	Besides, if you marry me you'll be the first mated on this ship--and that's a splash most nesting females like to make."	"Look," he said finally, "I have more than enough munit to pay for round trip tickets, but I couldn't get a return visa because of that brinosaur judge and all the charges she hung on me.	"No doubt," she said drily.	"What breed of tadpole are they turning out these days?	"The three-out-of-four.	Named all us boys after Canadian provinces.	He spread his hands genially.	No matter what you hear, women really like and appreciate such men."	Way I figure it, violence never accomplishes much that's important.	There was a longish stretch of quiet.	Of course, they were all killed in the Blue Chicago Rising by the MacGregor boys--all except me and Saskatchewan.	Before then, you're plain too young to be even near it."	He looked thoughtful when I told him how Sis and I had been born there and spent half our childhood listening to the pressure pumps.	See here, Miss Sparling, _I_ didn't want to arrest Brown, and, if it's at all possible, I'd still prefer not to.	"--of the Mother Anita Law, SC 2136, Emergency Interplanetary Directives."	He _humphed_ at me, just the way Sis does, and lifted me by the scruff of my neck.	Something rattled to the floor.	Butt Lee Brown."	I'm sorry, Miss Sparling.	*       *       *       *       * He almost squeezed my arm when I got to the time Mom and Pop were blown up in a surfacing boat.	"But I wasn't going to serve all those fancy little prison sentences.	A trap seemed to be hinging noisily into place.	You see, Pop came over in the eighties--the big wave of immigrants when they evacuated Ontario.	*       *       *       *       * For a moment, I didn't understand him.	But this lifeboat--don't you know that every passenger ship carries four times as many lifeboats as it needs?	When I did, I was almost ill. "Y-you mean," I choked, "th-that you're b-breaking the law right now?	she said, looking at me as if I were beginning to grow a second pair of ears.	The Chief Mate picked me up and passed me to the Second Assistant Engineer.	And _you_ want to foul up Venus."	He'd heard about the sea-bottom mining cities that were bubbling under protective domes in every one of the Earth's oceans just about the same time settlements were springing up on the planets.	Sis actually staggered back.	_Bossy, opinionated._ By the way, Fordie," he said, rising and stretching so the fish-leather bounced and rippled off his biceps, "that sister.	Neither of them said anything for a bit after he let go.	"And no more army stationed south of Icebox."	And don't call me Ferdinand.	You're healthy and strong, got good heredity, you know how to operate sub-surface machinery, you've lived underwater, and your disposition's no worse than most of the anura I've seen.	Then the wars went on and a lot more men began to die or get no good from the radioactivity.	But no matter what, he would never let me hold it.	I held out my hand the way Sis had taught me.	"Well, after the funeral, there was a little money, so Sis decided we might as well use it to migrate.	His boots were made of it too, and so was the hood hanging down his back.	Then Sas and me hunted the MacGregors down.	Butt laughed slowly and carefully as if he were going over each word.	He had his blaster out and was cursing very interestingly.	"I dunno, Miss Sparling," the Computer's Mate said, scratching the miniature slide-rule insignia on his visor with his free hand.	But as you explained to me, a man who has been honored with an important official position should stay close to the letter of the law for the sake of other men who are trying to break down terrestrial anti-male prejudice.	"Your name is Ferdinand and stop trying to act forcefully like a girl.	He frowned and sighted at the light globe.	"_I want him!"	"Yes," she said bitterly.	I demand--" "I told you, Sis.	After a lot of begging, Butt Lee Brown explained the workings of his blaster, explained it so carefully that I could name every part and tell what it did from the tiny round electrodes to the long spirals of transformer.	In fact--" "Pardon me, sir," I broke in, "but doesn't _dunging_ come only from Leif Erickson Island off the Moscow Peninsula of the Macro Continent?	The seconds ambled on and there was no clatter of electrostatic discharge, no smell of burning flesh.	I learned three wild-wave songs of the Flatfolk and what it is that the native Venusians hate so much; I learned how you tell the difference between a lousy government paddlefoot from New Kalamazoo and the slaptoe slinker who is the planter's friend.	But I learned so many wonderful things about Venus every time I visited that stowaway....	When Butt saw somebody was with me, he jumped and the ten-inch blaster barrel grew out of his fingers.	"Sorry, ladies, but the boy's right.	I suppose you didn't know that under space regulations that makes him equally guilty?"	"Venus is a sharp enough place for a dryhorn, let alone a tadpole dryhorn with a boss-minded sister."	He turned over on his back and clicked his teeth at the ceiling.	"Well," he said, swinging to a bunk, "that's sort of it."	Maybe it was the kind of clothes he was wearing that did it, but all of a sudden I was reminded of a crocodile I'd seen in a surface zoo that had stared quietly at me for twenty minutes until it opened two long tooth-studded jaws.	The crew, officers and men, all go along with me.	You're standing here right now because you're on your way to Venus for a husband.	You can't be one, because, not being a citizen, you can't acquire an Earth Passport.	Then we heard some feet walking.	Figure if you charge off to Venus, you don't want a poodle, you want a man.	Before I got my breath and sat up, the door had been shut again.	Now, who has been filling your head with all this nonsense?"	There was sweat rolling down the Second Assistant's forehead; it converged at his nose and bounced off the tip in a sizable stream.	"Sections Forty-three and Forty-five, I told him.	That was Butt.	Trouble was, he was a special kind of farmer.