"No matter how much you explain it to them, they always use it wrong, they botch it up every single time.	Not from Mankind?"	The second man to be declared an outlaw had escaped!	He seemed to be saying something to her, although neither of them moved their lips.	A doorway into Monster territory was a valuable human resource, after all, valuable to Mankind and Strangers alike--why jeopardize it by leaving it visible and open?	He found himself getting more and more wary of the unexpected shadows where the wall curved sharply: he picked up speed as he ran past the black hole of a branching burrow.	Now he could look around.	"No new traps," he said in a soft voice.	Eric demanded eagerly.	Up to now, he'd taken it for granted that this was because she'd had a son who was terribly unlucky--almost the worst thing a person in the burrows could be.	"What a fight, eh?	Just a pinch at a time, no more.	This half-alive, delirious man was his only hope of escaping.	One squashed them slowly or rapidly--at one's pleasure.	He rolled on his side dizzily.	Any band would wait two days before giving up and turning homeward.	If you're man enough to continue the work he started.	The women's part.	He felt his own body turn completely cold even before the Trap-Smasher spoke.	With pity.	I went on the Theft, Uncle Thomas, I went on the Theft with you.	She had treated him the way a wife treats a husband, and many warriors--Eric thought gleefully--many full warriors with their Thefts long behind them had observed that Eric was likely to join the ranks of the Male Society and the married men almost simultaneously.	Bound hand and foot, they were lying against the far wall of the great central burrow.	Your tribe, my tribe--you know what they call us?	How long would the weaponsmiths, the potters and tanners and artificers of these burrows be able to go on with their buzzing, noisy industries once Mankind ceased to bring them the basic substances--food, cloth, metal--it had so gloriously stolen from fear-filled Monster territory?	My people are Mankind."	A final push, and it slid into place tightly, only the thin, curved line suggesting its existence.	Thomas's uncertain speech had underlined that fact.	He knew there was not much time.	Enormous, elongated, unbelievable distance.	Thomas examined his face and seemed satisfied.	He had met Strangers and dealt with them as a representative of Mankind.	Thomas the Trap-Smasher's eyes had slowly darkened.	Move fast."	"There wasn't anything official," Eric heard Rita the Record-Keeper admonishing as he tried to stanch the flow of blood by bringing his shoulder up and pressing it against the wound.	"Oh, definitely yes!	You were Mankind.	Thomas's head waggled loosely: he dribbled words mixed with red saliva.	He gets to be chief, she becomes the Chieftain's First Wife and automatically takes over the Female Society.	Where did that leave religion?	Let's see.	Thomas the Trap-Smasher seemed to have trouble continuing.	The band had stood its ground for a while, sustained some losses, and then been forced to retreat.	I will walk at the head of the line of warriors and see for them,     And they shall be confident and they shall conquer--     For they have Eric the Espier to lead the way and point the path!	*       *       *       *       * He stared at the wall, breathing hard.	The snobs.	What the ancestors want of Eric is unmistakable, what he must be if we are to hit back at the Monsters and regain the Earth which is rightfully ours."	I'm Eric the Eye now, right?	Could it be explained by a sudden onslaught and the complete extermination of his uncle's band?	he asked in complete amazement.	He fell to the floor of the burrow, whimpering with the release of tension.	Yes.	The results were much more than he had anticipated.	What a thought!	They were great despite their inferior technology.	He said he'd known you for a long time.	The floor vibrated slightly underfoot; there was a regular, rhythmic gurgling.	But not like this.	Move fast._ Eric turned.	There were at least a dozen men in Mankind with skill great enough to bring him down even at twenty or twenty-five paces.	His eyes kept wandering from him to Thomas the Trap-Smasher.	It meant that he was much closer to full status than they.	Could it be interpreted?	Then why did his uncle want to get mixed up with Stranger politics, he wondered, as he emerged from the structure?	A clear majority of their faces bore an unmistakable resemblance to Franklin's.	We're outside Mankind, outside the law, outside religion.	"It's their larder.	You've chosen.	"The Cause needs them.	Eric whispered.	Thomas the Trap-Smasher could do no wrong.	He hadn't seen it.	_Alien-science people ... serving their faith ... do you think it was an ordinary robbery ... they died for it!_ He had never realized before how odd it was that his parents had gone to Monster territory together, a man taking his wife and the woman taking her baby!	"Eric the Eyebrow, Eric the Closed Eyelash, you'll be known as, if you don't wake up!	He had almost given up breathing.	"_No!_" The single guard who'd been left on duty at the entrance turned around and regarded him humorously.	Throw it as fast and as far as you can.	"A little," he said.	One thing about it, however, everyone knew.	Now his uncle got to his feet and called Roy the Runner to him.	It felt almost like being out in the open.	As he passed each man, he was asked the name of the girl he'd been thinking about and pressed for interesting details.	What about them?"