He stood silently facing the dark towers that loomed through the trees, his eyes slits of blue bale-fire.	He saw a head and a pair of gigantic shoulders grow out of the twilight gloom.	He groped his way down in the blackness, feeling for, but not finding, some other opening in the walls.	He had not slain his foe, because he wished to hold the threat of his losing over the heads of his own rebellious subjects.	Something whirred above her head and she cowered, even though realizing it was only a bat.	'What do you mean?'	Her breath came pantingly and she pressed close to her protector.	'There was no life in the Abyss, save that which was incorporated in me,' it tolled.	Shaking his head in bewilderment, Conan passed through the archway into a winding corridor.	There was a fleeting concussion, a fierce writhing and intertwining of limbs and bodies, and then Conan sprang clear, every thew quivering from the violence of his efforts; blood started where the grazing fingers had torn the skin.	His hand jerked back in instinctive repulsion.	Her square-cut hair was black as midnight, her only garment a wisp of silk about her supple hips.	A broad span of water lay between, but she did not hesitate.	He stood for an instant statue-like; then as nothing happened he was moving across the rugs toward an arched doorway when a hanging was drawn aside, revealing a cushioned alcove from which a slender, dark-haired girl regarded him with languid eyes.	If it were her pursuers, she knew of no better course than to hide on the island.	The silence with which her frenzied pleas and protests were received added to her terror as she felt herself being carried through the darkness toward the distant drum which still pulsed and muttered.	'It is more through wild animal instinct than through intelligence,' answered Ghaznavi.	Only the magic of Khosatral Khel has kept them from the walls--' She paused, a puzzled look struggling with the sleepiness of her expression.	Conan shut it and dropped in place the great bars with which it was furnished.	There was no sound of footsteps, but the great dusky form grew more distinct until Conan recognized the figure of a man.	He wheeled back through the jungle, down the carven stair and across the blue waters to the distant camp at the mouth of the Zaporoska.	What human hands could rear such a mammoth pile as now met his eyes, in the few weeks which had elapsed?	What is your name?'	He knew that he was approaching a point where he could see the mysterious ruins which gave the island its name, and he wondered if he would find the girl hiding among them.	On Khosatral's mighty breast it smashed into shreds and splinters.	He believed it was the great domed edifice in the center of the city, and it was likely that here dwelt the ruler of the town, to whom a captive woman would doubtless be brought.	Then run for the cliffs.	The man in the boat was a picturesque figure.	This was Conan, who had wandered into the armed camps of the _kozaks_ with no other possession than his wits and his sword, and who had carved his way to leadership among them.	She could not see, but she knew that something was standing beside her in the darkness.	'Perhaps it's all a dream.	He was sick and dizzy, and blood oozed from his nose.	So he stood up in the shape and aspect of a man, but his flesh was not flesh, nor the bone, bone, nor blood, blood.	It was a small thing that tipped the scales--merely a shred of silk hanging on a bush that caught his uneasy glance.	'We must lure Conan away from the _kozaks_,' said the counsellor abruptly.	He did not know whether the giant was plotting new devilries or had been summoned away by that muttering voice, but he wasted no time in conjectures.	'You are strong,' she repeated, her voice waning.	Crouching on a heap of silk cushions, golden hair streaming over her naked shoulders, eyes blank with terror, was the woman for whom he had dared so much.	*       *       *       *       * Conan realized with a crawling of his skin that beyond the wall the belling voice had ceased.	It did not even shake the giant on his braced legs.	He came out into a dim and lofty room of enormous proportions.	But this time we will take with us, as if by casual chance, your beautiful captive.'	Kill me with your sword before he bursts the door!'	As usual, we will go with a force and encamp outside the castle.	Then, making one end fast to a merlon, he slid down after her.	With a gasp of gratification he scooped it up, and did not linger for further exploration.	With renewed caution they glided through the trees.	I can't remember something--I have forgotten--there is something I can not understand, but I grow so sleepy when I try to think.	Like hunters invading the retreat of the lion, they stole forward under the trees, arrows on string.	'The magic Yuetshi blade!	Octavia sensed that grim peril lurked in those leafy fastnesses.	Each scale stood out as distinctly as in real life, and the iridescent colors were vividly reproduced.	I had rather catch him descending the stair, where we can feather him with arrows from a safe distance.'	If he brings a large force, we'll beat a retreat and think up another plot.	Ahead of him, among the trees, rose something that his reason told him was not possible.	'What is it?'	The chance for action had transformed him; his eyes blazed, his voice crackled.	From that dome the Yuetshi priest emerged alone.	It was a human who struggled through the thick reeds, which were taller than a man's head.	Then he went up the worn steps without hesitation.	Flinging down his useless sword, Conan caught up a heavy bench and hurled it with all his power.	As she neared the island, she saw that it rose sheer from the water in castle-like cliffs.	We will wait.	He scowled down at her.	Jehungir caught his wrist and hissed an oath into his ear.	The gaze he turned on his fair companion was as admiring and intense as if he had a hundred years to live.	It was as if the crumbling lines had grown back into the structures they originally were.	Their saw-edged crescents cut down the men of Dagon like sheep, and against that unearthly knife the magic of Khosatral was impotent.	Halting before the great bronze-valved door, Conan caught Octavia by her shoulders and shook her in his intensity.	Conan glared at her tensely, expecting her momentarily to start screaming.	Her vitality and substantial figure should appeal to him more vividly than would one of the doll-like beauties of your seraglio.'	'It is that devil Conan; he is even wilder than the _kozaks_, yet he is crafty as a mountain lion.'	Khosatral was not on the stair, but far below he heard the clang of a metal door.	'Are you looking for someone?'	'I'll do what I can,' he said.	Meanwhile the unsuspecting _kozak_ had plunged into the forest.	And with such blinding speed did the serpent move that it whipped about and met him in full midair, lapping his limbs and body with half a dozen coils.	Is this a dream?'	Her scanty silk tunic, girded at the waist, displayed the marvelous contours of her magnificent figure.	With a piteous cry she tore away and threw herself on her knees before her implacable master, sobbing incoherently for mercy.	It was not a clever copy, but the skin of an actual beast.	'I must have feasted late last night, I am so sleepy now.	Her hands fluttered along the sheer stone, and suddenly they found a depression.