A shuddering gasp swept over the village and men crowded hastily back, jamming one another between the huts.	'You advised that, but----' 'But it's hard for you Hyborians to learn the ways of the outlands,' said Conan.	Conan shook his head impatiently.	His answer came in the twang of the bow-string, the streaking flight of the arrow that sank to the feathers in his broad breast.	Balthus mopped his brow with a trembling hand and glanced at Conan.	'He thought a friend was speaking to him.	whispered Balthus.	One turned and ran back down the road, but the other lunged over the breastwork, his eyes and teeth gleaming in the dim light, his ax lifted.	The deep twanging of the bow-strings rose above the howling.	He sprang up and glared wildly about for his companion, expecting to see him overwhelmed by numbers.	Both were young, the woman little more than a girl.	Turning, he walked to a casement and stared silently out over the river, black and shiny under the glint of the stars.	A hut wall buckled under the ram-like impact of its flailing tail, disgorging howling people.	Blinding terror had not submerged all ingrained instincts.	No other village within miles of Gwawela.	The Cimmerian seemed frozen in his tracks.	He lifted his head and stared stupidly about him.	He licked his lips spasmodically.	Lifting his bow he lined the prancing figure, black against the fire, and loosed.	As in a dream Balthus saw a short throwing-spear transfixing the mighty neck, just below the gaping jaws; the shaft protruded from one side, the steel head from the other.	'They met the Picts,' answered Balthus briefly, and the woman sobbed in horror.	6 Red Axes of the Border Conan did not plunge deeply into the forest.	As that wild yell rose above the clamor, there was an instant's lull, and then a hundred throats bayed ferocious answer and warriors came leaping to repel the attack presaged by the warning.	What new horror would come through that gate to make carrion-meat of his body?	With a scorching oath Conan wheeled and dashed back the way he had come, and the Aquilonian stumbled bewilderedly after him.	To the east drums muttered and somewhere to north and west other drums answered.	Three months ago he hid beside this road and stole a string of pack-mules from a pack-train bound for the fort--drugged their drivers, somehow.	It seemed centuries since he had eaten last.	Again Balthus recognized the monster from ancient legends.	There followed a tense silence in which Balthus felt that his heart could be heard pounding for miles away.	'I tried tracking him after he killed Soractus.	It seemed to the Aquilonian that they had been fighting and running for centuries.	We must make for Velitrium.	Then fresh horror choked Balthus as the shape heaved up suddenly with a rattle of chains, lifting long misshapen arms in the gloom.	'Most of them fell at the first volley that raked us from both sides.	The forest deepened in the twilight, became a blue haunt of mystery sheltering unguessed things.	But he had not gone four when he heard the sounds of a party of men ahead of him.	Balthus smiled and laid his hand caressingly on the dog's head.	'There's nothing in the universe cold steel won't cut,' answered Conan.	He excelled them even in lithe economy of motion.	You mimicked a Pict perfectly--' 'We needed his boat,' grunted Conan, not pausing in his exertions.	If they'd gone into ambush after we left the bank, I'd have had some hint of it.	We took him to the fort and dressed his wounds, but after he recovered he took to the woods and turned wild--What now, Slasher, are you hunting the men who killed your master?'	'How do you know they weren't killed by the Picts?'	'Told him to pull into shore; said there was a white forest runner on the bank who was trying to get a shot at him.'	'But not one can tell me how Zogar Sag can call pythons and tigers and leopards out of the wilderness and make them do his bidding.	'Emissary from Zogar.	'You know that most of the army which conquered Conajohara has been withdrawn.	demanded Conan.	She still gripped her ax and Balthus knew that if cornered she would fight with the desperate courage of a she-panther.	'A man from the Tauran couldn't mistake the mark of a panther's claws.	Conan leaped high, caught, not Balthus' hand but his arm near the shoulder, and swung himself up.	When Balthus had gone a few rods he heard the animal growl.	The swift-footed Picts would run them down within a mile, unless--he took his position behind a tangle of fallen logs beside the trail.	Besides, remember Gwawela is south of the fort; if the Picts are crossing the river we'd run right into them.'	The giant snake rolled into a fire, scattering sparks and brands, and the pain lashed it to more frenzied efforts.	The yells grew louder as they advanced, and above the devilish screaming they could hear the deep shouts of the soldiers.	Howling, cursing, screaming, frantic, they scattered before it, knocking each other down in their flight, trampling the fallen, bursting through the huts.	Conan laughed grimly.	Conan pointed to a creek which flowed into Black River from the east, a few hundred yards below them.	Full on the woodsman's breast it struck, and the stake splintered and snapped at the base, crashing to the earth under the impact.	Balthus retched suddenly.	Come on!	Before he could regain his feet Slasher tore his throat out.	Stones and logs whirled through the air and splintered and sank half a dozen canoes, killing their occupants, and the other boats drew back out of range.	He remembered his own people on the Tauran and a moment's giddy sickness swam over him.	That's why an attack must come from the west, across Black River.	'Then we'd better leave the trail!'	He had never heard it spoken more than three or four times in his whole life.	Wondering if he had fallen asleep, Balthus reached out and grasped his shoulder.	The boat's stern began to swing, slightly away from the shore.	But more beasts _remember_ in this country than any I've ever seen.'	Screeches of rage rose in the night.	I'm not going out of my way looking for devils; but I wouldn't step out of my path to let one go by.'	'We never heard them till they were on us.	If I'd hidden the body, it would have been returned to the fort as the corpse of Soractus was--tied up outside the gate for the men to find in the morning.'	I don't know.	We'll head in the last direction they'll expect us to go--west!'	Something was moving through the deep bushes that fringed the trail--something that neither walked nor flew, but seemed to glide like a serpent.	Their lower jaws were painted white, contrasting vividly with their dark faces, and the designs on their muscular breasts differed from any Balthus had ever seen.	We can make better time on this trail.	And now Tiberias is dead.	It was his spear I threw into the snake, and that's his ax you're carrying.'