At the present time the trapper has found a less expensive way of catching them with the snare.	Select a place where foxes run near a low bush or small tree.	While stepping on the dam to reach for the bait he stepped on the small stone on the pan and was held fast by a No.	But in the latter event wind may at any time remove the covering.	It has already been said that the fox has a very keen scent, but it is particularly shy and scary at the least odor of the human body.	RED AND GREY.	His needs are such too that all of them are in use during the trapping season.	I slipped my left hand under the snowshoe and with my other hand pulled down his heart; a quiver or two and that fox was a good fox.	I trap foxes by land and water set.	How to fix trap--I prefer a waxed trap.	New and valuable methods are continually being published in the Hunter-Trader-Trapper, an illustrated monthly magazine, of Columbus, Ohio.	A moment later he toppled over his carcass, bounding from rock to rock in its 50 foot descent.	If you have done your work well you can hardly tell where the traps are.	A trapper can use from 50 to 250 traps.	I make my beds early and I use the scrap from hog's lard.	Now the No.	The kind of box I recommend is one 4"x12" made of either cedar or bass wood 1/4 inch thick, with two compartments, one 4"x8" for the liver pieces and the other 4"x4" for the bullets, with a sliding door at each end, and a piece of leather held by small screws on the top for the hand.	About the time I got the last trap set it commenced snowing and quit snowing before dark.	Perhaps my experience does not harmonize with that of other trappers, but the ways of foxes as well as other animals are much influenced by their surroundings.	I suppose any log up from the ground high enough would do by using the scent from the female fox.	Of course, if the chaff be deposited in place early in the season, allowing time to discolor and decay, it may help the case, or feathers may be thrown over the bed.	Look up an old path or wood road where you see that they have traveled, and notice a mound or rise of ground; now the foxes always stop to urinate on all such places.	We drew the deer into the apex or pen, as we noticed that foxes had been visiting the carcass.	I use a No.	Don't have any soft place in the bed, and don't handle any of the chaff with bare hands, or the bait either.	This generally comes in Canada at the latter end of February and during the month of March.	[Illustration: BLACK FOX SKIN VALUED AT $1500.]	This is one thing to keep in mind, always set where you see signs.	Next morning I thought I would go and see if she had been back on the hill.	Next get some good twine, put a piece about 10 or 12 inches in length into the loop on the end of the snare, that is, the end that is going to be fastened.	It is therefore necessary when handling the trap to use clean buckskin, or still better, rubber gloves, and unless this important precaution is observed success is very improbable.	CHAPTER XVI.	I usually carried a small basket for the reception of everything taken up this way.	A drop or two of scent is sure of every one that comes along.	Sometimes, where a trout-stream flows under a step bluff, a little shelf is found in the face of the bluff (and one can usually be made if it is not already there); and by placing a trap on the shelf and the bait just above it, you have sly Mr. Fox at great disadvantage, as he must leap from the opposite side of the brook to the embankment to reach the bait.	My trapping grounds are near the mountains where the foxes defy fox hounds, for they have dens in the rocks.	On some of the larger farms, the box trap method of catching the foxes has been given up, as being too slow, for baiting the animals near a small corral.	I use a large leaf from a first growth basswood.	Water, of course, leaves no scent where it is possible to reach the set by boat or wading, but where this is impracticable arrange to go to trap but rarely, if it remain undisturbed.	Now the question arises, "Did the other foxes let instinct guide them to feed the unfortunate fox in the trap?	In setting a twine snare, I always use a drop log or stone, and so fixed that as soon as the fox pulls the weight drops, and he is lifted and hung at once.	A. Newton, of Michigan.	I have caught three foxes in the same snare, says Larry Burns, of Canada.	I have often killed them at bait.	The inexperienced youth, misled by this seeming carelessness of Reynard, suddenly conceives a project to enrich himself with fur, and wonders why the idea has not occurred to him before and to others.	This should be repeated once or twice a week, especially after a heavy rain storm.	[Illustration: SOME CANADIAN REDS.]	Be sure to drive your stake close enough to the path so as to have your snare light about the center of the path and the lower side of the snare about 8 inches from the ground.	The kind of traps I use are the No.	I use this method just outlined.	I once had a large fox trap set in a hollow log.	CHAPTER XXII.	I have killed as many as four in three hours.	Get some chaff, a bushel will do, and put it out in some good place where there are foxes, writes a Maine trapper, J. F. Miller.	I have caught many of them in No.	I went out on the first snow and in one day captured three foxes, two of which I shot, and the other ran into a hollow log; he was running so hard I believe he would have got into the rail if there had been no hole at all.	FOX RANCHES.	He used no scent of any kind, saying that "starvation is the best lure in the world."	The old fox had lots of gray hairs on his head, evidently an old timer.	I set traps at the baits and in the middle of the fields in the same way as poison, with bits of liver around it, and I cover the trap with a light coat of snow with the same little shovel, and under the pan I place some cotton wool with a few drops of scent, and should, while the fox is picking up the pieces of liver, not step on the trap, he is sure to scratch for the mouse under the pan, and the trap will mouse him.	Cow and sheep paths are much traveled by reynard, especially those leading around and through swamps.	One old trapper, who is very successful, does not set his traps until some night when the first snowfall is at hand.	For bait I use muskrat carcasses, skunk, dead hens, rabbits, fish or partly decomposed meat.	Then take a small bush and brush out all your tracks and over the traps.	Of late years they have become cheaper and their use has become general.	As soon as they fall from the tree I gather them and lay them flat together in the mud until I want them to use.	When dealing with an unusually shrewd customer, some wear snowshoes or strap hide of some sort on the feet, either of which is not a bad plan, as well as that of dragging a fresh pelt behind one to obliterate one's trail.	Yes, I know some say animals are not afraid of human scent.	No animal exercises afterward the same degree of caution as on the first two or three visits to a spot, and even so shy a creature as the fox, if he become accustomed to picking up a few choice bits at a place, will soon neglect much of his usual precaution in approaching it, and though he take alarm and shun it for a time will ere long get up sufficient confidence to renew his visits.	Of course, in making this set you will have to use care and your own ingenuity to a great extent, to suit the requirements of the surroundings.	The twine must be of dark color.	I was on my snowshoes and off at the first grey of the February morning.	However, we do not wish to be understood as ridiculing anybody's methods.	Now take the sand that you took out of the places for the traps and cover them all over, traps, chains and all.	Third, take a fresh cow head, stick your pills in the fleshy parts of the head, but do not place them too close to each other, then hang the head out of the reach of the hens, etc., in a stable where there is cattle for one night, then take it to the place you wish to leave it and there throw away like a lost head.	The position of trap with relation to bait has so often been explained I need not dwell upon it here.	Now let me set this trap and carry it set to this bank, which is a sharp knoll about two feet high.	When you fasten the trap, do not staple it, but wire the ring or end of chain to a bush you cut, one that the fox can drag a distance, which always leaves the same trap pit or hole in readiness for your trap, which should immediately be smoked, set right back for another fox which is sure to come along, and if you are careful he will he yours, as it all depends upon skillful setting and covering the trap chain.	Sometimes, when trapping along a creek or other waters where it is not convenient to keep a boat, a rude raft may be constructed from which to make sets, and to be employed in visiting same.	I do not see any bait pen."	Take a small piece of meat and place it on the larger sod, using great care not to leave human scent, take a few drops of this decoy and place on the bait.	As a rule the most acceptable bait is lard scraps, suet, smoked meat rinds, etc.	Now raise up the edge of the hay at the ground and slip the fish (one will be enough) back under the hay 6 or 8 inches, then set your trap directly in front of it, covering with the fine chaff; now fasten the trap chain to the piece of wood and slip the stick back under the stack, working it around a little so when the fox gets fast he can pull it out easily.