She was sitting out with Miller Douglas on a lobster trap which was not only an unromantic but an uncomfortable seat.	I've been toiling for weeks to train them in it, and now it seems likely that all my trouble will go for nothing.	I couldn't sleep for suffering with her; and I couldn't help her.	Mrs. Dead Angus had brought a large apple-pie, which she placed on a chair in the dining-room and then absently sat down on it.	Mother knitted away as steadily as clockwork and pretended to be calm and serene--pretended so well that we were all deceived and envious until the next day, when I caught her ravelling out four inches of her sock.	"'Talk about trying to make bricks without straw, Mrs. Dr. dear!	Susan, in her pursuit of Wilson and politics, presently came upon something that disturbed her and exclaimed in a tone of bitter disappointment, "That devilish Kaiser has only a boil after all."	When Walter had gone she might indulge in the comfort of tears, but not while he was here.	"Oh, poor Gertrude!	I owe life and Canada that, and I've got to pay it.	In dismay she ran to the rock steps, down which the over-harbour guests were hurrying.	It's the only poem I've written since I came overseas."	Jim Anderson has not got a scratch, for all he has been two years in the trenches.	But every one is talking about it."	For the first time Mrs. Blythe's spirit failed her a little, and as the days of suspense wore on the doctor began to look gravely at her, and veto this or that special effort in Red Cross work.	But it was--nice--to get away alone now and then, where nobody could see her and where she needn't feel that people thought her a little coward if some tears came in spite of her.	She meant it now.	No, Rilla dear, little Jem is not dead, and that you may tie to.	It was the first time nobody insisted on coming with me to help me select it, and I felt that mother had really given up thinking of me as a child.	Brothers and playmate and sweetheart--they were all gone, never, it might be, to return.	"An aeroplane won't be as nice as little Silverspot was," said Anne.	It was Jack Elliott from over-harbour--a McGill medical student, a quiet chap not much addicted to social doings.	The Germans had the big guns at the Marne, had they not?	I could hear Jem's whistle and Walter's yodel, and the twins' laughter, and for just a few blessed minutes I forgot about the guns on the Western front, and had a little false, sweet happiness."	She got through with such surprising quickness that she was convinced Providence approved of her undertaking, but it was a good hour before she could get in touch with Joe Milgrave at his camp.	Cousin Sophia has no spirit.	She danced with others, though the zest was gone out of the performance and she had begun to realize that her slippers hurt her badly.	"Rilla Blythe, I'm ashamed of you.	She had never encountered any of the tragedies of life before and this one smote her to the core of her heart.	Clutch hold of the sides of your chair and sit tight and keep saying, 'Big guns are good but the Almighty is better, and He is on our side, no matter what the Kaiser says about it.'	"Next Sunday will be Easter," said Rilla.	That was the first time he had realised how much Carl's eyes were like Cecilia's.	"In that case, Miss Oliver dear, the German official reports ought to be all you need," said Susan sarcastically.	Well, if she caught cold from walking home barefoot on a dew-wet road and went into a decline perhaps they would be sorry.	They had thought they were quite resigned to Warsaw's fall but now they knew they had, as always, hoped against hope.	But that makes me think of the old story of the girl who told her grandmother she was going to be married.	"People are beginning to tell me I look so young.	"It's not death I fear--I told you that long ago.	It can never take away the happiness we win for ourselves in the way of duty.	She was thinking of little Joyce's grave in the old burying-ground over-harbour--little Joyce who would have been a woman now, had she lived--of the white cross in France and the splendid grey eyes of the little boy who had been taught his first lessons of duty and loyalty at her knee--of Jem in the terrible trenches--of Nan and Di and Rilla, waiting--waiting--waiting, while the golden years of youth passed by--and she wondered if she could bear any more.	demanded Rilla.	"Paris is lost--France is lost--the war is lost," gasped Rilla, amid the utter ruins of hope and confidence and belief.	I've a premonition about you, Rilla, as well as about myself.	His had been the gift of prophetic vision and he had foreseen victory.	When he saw Rilla he turned abruptly away; then as abruptly he turned and came back to her.	"I don't think he's a flirt," said Rilla as defiantly as two desperate sniffs would let her.	His little cheeks were round and firm and faintly pink, his eyes were big and bright, his tiny paws had dimples at the root of every finger.	She was especially horrified when Jem wrote in his last letter to mother, 'Tell Susan I had a fine cootie hunt this morning and caught fifty-three!'	This thing must be fought to a finish.	"I haven't heard him.	He had been invited to the party but had not been expected to come since he had to go to Charlottetown that day and could not be back until late.	The doctor and his wife went out of the room.	"I should not have said it and I have been very sorry ever since.	A pretty time I had!	'A pain in your stomach,' Sandy replied, quick as a flash and never batting an eyelid.	Rilla turned away from the new star, sick at heart.	And I couldn't go to Alice Clow's party last night and I was just dying to.	It was almost a relief when it did fall, we had been dreading it so long.	The price was dreadful.	And we have got the Germans on the run, too."	Then thinks I, 'No, I never heard of anyone having a vision of a soup tureen, so it must be real at least,' and I plucked up confidence.	This was a nice predicament!	I knew when you came out for the drill that you had heard.	You know you're glad I threw him out--he couldn't be let go on yammering and yodelling and yawping sedition and treason.	But my work is here at home.	The doctor walked out of the kitchen, looking very stern and immovable.	He knows the meaning of words and that you may tie to.	Rilla, daughter of Anne, what are you going to call your war-baby?"	To the infinitely little an ant is of as much importance as a mastodon.	"Yes, a wedding-cake--a scrumptious wedding-cake, Susan--a beautiful, plummy, eggy, citron-peely wedding-cake.	Jims writhed in those big, firm, capable hands of Mary--oh yes, she is capable all right--and choked and wheezed--and choked and wheezed--and I felt that he was being tortured to death--and then all at once, after what seemed to me an hour, though it really wasn't long, he coughed up the membrane that was killing him.	"I paid eleven cents for a bottle of ink tonight," complained Susan.	Then the fire went out of Susan and she retreated to her kitchen, laid her faithful old head on the table and wept bitterly for a time.	But five more years of this!"	"Must have been," said Ken.	That child's brain is a hundred years older than his body, Mrs. Dr. dear.	CHAPTER XVIII A WAR-WEDDING "I can tell you this Dr. dear," said Susan, pale with wrath, "that Germany is getting to be perfectly ridiculous."	I suppose they have, but they just go on calmly in spite of everything.	But--that poor little, frail, dead mother who had worried about it--that dreadful old Meg Conover.	All at once he felt sure there was nothing in that gossip about Fred Arnold.	said Rilla.	Walter had named them long ago; and last November, when he had walked with her and Miss Oliver in the Valley, he had said, looking at the leafless Lady, with a young silver moon hanging over her, "A white birch is a beautiful Pagan maiden who has never lost the Eden secret of being naked and unashamed."	Anyhow, the last sight he had of me I was smiling to my limit.