I was half frightened to death, but I just shut my eyes and jumped clean over the footlights and landed in the flageolet’s lap and then pelted right up the middle aisle.	He was sure that some one of Tom’s relatives had done it.	The word “sheriff” seemed likely, but I couldn’t understand that about “requests.” Then I thought to read the first letters of each word, like the acrostics Daddy and I used to work out together in the _Youth’s Companion_, and there it was, easy.	“Don’t I strike you for as good a little Y. M. C. A.’ser as there is in the business?” She looked me over as though she were wondering if I was somebody’s darling, and said in a serious way: “My mother and I have supper at home.	Now, if I only had the other half of the paper I’d know who the second man was, and settle him, too.	From this time on, I had the horrors every time he left me.	She pointed to it, and gave me a general idea of the direction, then put her arms on my shoulders and held up her great thick lips to be kissed.	So I waited and waited in the hut, dying by inches.	Then, too, that stealin’ was preyin’ on my mind, and I couldn’t help harpin’ on it.	I touched off a music-box to accompany her for a skirt-dance with her robes.	Then she dropped darn to Bottle Myer’s an’ did serios in tights.	Then, one Christmas when we were riding fences—keeping the line up against the snow, and running the cattle back if they broke the wires and got across—I got to thinking of the holiday dances at Striped Rock, and says I: “Here’s for a Christmas as near home as I can get, and a sight of Susie.” The boss let me off, and I made it in on Christmas Eve.	He began to watch with a roving eye the crossings and alleys, from which some form might come upon him unawares, and he cast sharp glances over his shoulder for the appearance of the spirit that had cowed him.	All I had to do was to hang around watching for sick-looking strays from the country.	It was here, all right, a genuine Flemish quarter-sawed oak dining-table, all set, and me going to have my first square meal for ten days.	He could drive me off the water-front if he cared.	The thumping paddle-wheels, the phosphorescent waves, and the fey obscurity of the night wrought heavily upon Vango’s emotion, and the fumes of alcohol mingled in his brain.	In about a minute she put two and two together and saw pretty clearly through the whole scheme.	I thought it was the end, sure, this time, and I was ready to die game.	And I got bluer than the light on the snow.	He felt as though she were always round the next corner.	Yer knew I was on’y foolin’, didn’t yer?	We sat most of the afternoon drinking cognac, and I got more and more pleased at having squared myself with them both.	Kate will wait for me, the same way she waited for Flora Donovan.	I was saved.	Well, it was funny to see the way she acted.	I hate the smell of brown Windsor soap to this day.	There were all sorts of rumours afloat, and nobody knew which way the cat would jump.	I on the bronco breaking through the crust, feeling mighty good both of us.	About half-past eight he woke Tom, gave him some dinner with a cold bottle to get him started again, and spun him a yarn about finding him drunk and robbed.	The car was plum crazy, and nothin’ seemed to satisfy the critter.	His eye ranged over a group sitting up in towel robes, chatting drowsily, over a drunken satyr thrusting his heavy limbs from under the covers and singing a sleepy tune, over two others sunk in stupor.	He had on a wig with a long queue, and a gold embroidered costume, and his face was painted in a hideous fashion, with his nose all white and streaks under his eyes.	What’s that?	I didn’t hardly dare to go to sleep at night for fear I’d miss him, and I was listening everywhere I went, meals and all.	Besides, Kip being the principal “white-face” actor or comedian, the manager didn’t let him leave the theatre much, for fear he’d be kidnapped by highbinders and held for ransom.	Right here, Mrs. Schreiber shook her head, indicatin’ that I was travellin’ in a dangerous direction.	So, with jest and story, the night wore on, and James Wiswell Coffin 3d pulled steadily at his cigars.	“Come on,” I said, “we’re going to borrow dogs, and sled north to the Katakoolanat country for sure!” She never said a word, but packed up and followed, the way she was trained to do.	While we were together on our trips on the launch, I didn’t care so much, for the excitement kept up my spirits, but as soon as I was left alone I burned punks in front of his little joss, just like I was a heathen myself.	There was not a soul in sight, but I imagined there was a boloman behind every tree.	Here was hitched a pitifully dirty white horse harnessed to a disreputable covered laundry-wagon, spattered with adobe mud.	You are good enough for me.	When he looked in the glass he must have nearly fell dead.	I tried to settle down and get into some quiet business, where I wouldn’t have no more trickery to do than maybe put a little terra alba in the sugar and peanuts in the coffee.	I hardly think I ever talked to a child till I was grown up.	But Lord!	She done it after a joint readin’ we give for the benefit of the Astral Seers’ Protective Union.	His new companion regarded him with a watery blue eye.	“Bryce up, gents!” he exclaimed.	But ’e watches me fyce sharp, too, as I seen in the lookin-glarss.	My eyes stuck out like a fifer’s thumb when I recognised what it was.	The Filipinos were getting more insulting every day, and I suppose it was only a question of a week or so at latest.	As he sat down, the curtain rose and two comedians entered, to go through a dreary specialty turn of the coarsest “knockabout” description.	She soon perceived him, and came forward a few steps, while he retreated as far away, putting her off with futile gestures.	It won’t do for the police to see it, or any of the neighbours.	I reckon she had a new one every day.	I don’t know what ever became of Aguilar, for I just stood up in the window and cheered as the boys came on.	She was myde puffickly at ’ome everyw’eres, an’ flashed ’er sparklers an’ ’er silk garns with the best o’ ’em.	*       *       *       *       * The little medium broke off with a tremor that made the glasses shake.	It was too late then, and I couldn’t go back to Striped Rock and take all the glory that was coming to me and face Susie knowing that I was a fake.	The game was up.	Heavier than the atmosphere of steam and steamed humanity rose the fumes of liquor.	Outside, she had a little scrub pony waiting.	Come Fourth of July, they set me up alongside of Lincoln.	Everybody seemed to see me except Susie.	But it wa’n’t long before No.	“I want to be white and have a thin nose and a little waist like an American woman.	Perhaps I ain’t got no call to boast, but I flatter myself I found out what was lackin’ as soon as most would have done.	I didn’t care.	If we have the luck to get into a fight, he’ll be the hero in my piece in the paper, and the man that gives away the snap ain’t square with Company N. Here’s three cheers for Admeh Drake, the hero of Company N!” he said.	It looked a heap more like stealin’ than it did before, but it was rather easier.	Sometimes I just felt like murdering him to get him out of the way.	Gee!	I ain’t ashamed of it.	I was afraid to leave town because I wanted to keep an eye on the _Leader_, which was coming regularly to the Public Library, and afraid to get a regular daylight job for fear that somebody from Striped Rock would come along and see me.	Bromo-seltzer wouldn’t have cleared my head the way the sight of him did.	They had luminous forms and non-duplicated faces, that convinced even the most sceptical.	“Give me my medicine stones,” she said to me.	Next day, we received a message that she was undisposed.	Is your name—” here he hesitated, and the man’s face showed abject fear—“Maidslow?”—and the mouth relaxed its tensity.	Right away I began to like him.	I couldn’t turn, I couldn’t run, I could just hang tight onto the door-knob and study the floor.