The financier opened the sheet, which had remained folded in his hand, and glanced at what was written there.	It is sixteen stories up, fronting the street, and there is no fire escape."	demanded the scientist.	"I learned years ago that no one could keep my secrets as well as I do--there are too many temptations.	He was silent for a moment.	"I shall not pretend to understand all that," said The Thinking Machine curtly.	*       *       *       *       * Twice the following day The Thinking Machine spoke to the financier over the telephone.	Grayson glanced round involuntarily to where the girl sat idly turning over the leaves of her book.	he suggested at last.	MCCRACKEN Co.--Sell ten thousand shares L. & W. at 97."	he asked at last.	"Miss Winthrop!"	Of course!	exclaimed The Thinking Machine.	"If you knew the arrangement of my offices, you would see how utterly impossible that would be, because--" "Nothing is impossible, Mr. Grayson," snapped the scientist abruptly.	"I understand, Miss Winthrop," he said at last.	My plans become known to others almost by the time I have perfected them.	"Then Miss Winthrop did," declared The Thinking Machine finally, positively; "unless we credit the opposition, as you call it, with telepathic gifts hitherto unheard of.	"Read the paper I gave you, Mr. Grayson," directed The Thinking Machine coldly.	I am heartily ashamed of it all, because the investigation proved her absolute loyalty to me.	The Thinking Machine stood staring at her aggressively, as she opened the envelope and drew out the sheet of paper.	Bring him along and meet me in the room on the top floor where the telephone is at precisely fifteen minutes before one o'clock today."	demanded The Thinking Machine.	"I've got it," he announced briefly.	replied the scientist irritably.	My brokers didn't know of it; Miss Winthrop never heard of it until twenty minutes before the Stock Exchange opened for business.	"Are you sure?"	"Millions!"	The scientist turned suddenly toward Grayson, who had witnessed the incident with frank astonishment in his eyes.	He hung up the receiver, paused for a moment to admire an exquisitely wrought silver box--a "vanity" box--on Miss Winthrop's desk, beside the telephone, then took a seat beside Grayson and began to discourse almost pleasantly upon the prevailing meteorological conditions.	"But here is something you must do today.	I don't know how you did it, of course; but I understand that you did do it, so----" He stepped to the door and opened it with grave courtesy.	The Thinking Machine fumbled with some keys, then opened the way.	"She finished the letters, then remained quietly at her desk, reading a book.	It is beyond all ordinary things, Professor.	The girl rose from her desk, and a flash of some subtle emotion passed over her face.	repeated Grayson.	Hatch didn't know what was happening, but he was interested.	Instead of sitting, however, The Thinking Machine went straight to Miss Winthrop and extended a sealed envelop to her.	Miss Winthrop made no plea--merely bowed and went out.	"What kind?"	he went on after a moment.	"It's all right," he said.	Van Dusen, distinguished scientist, and Hutchinson Hatch, newspaper reporter, were poking round among the chimney pots and other obstructions on the roof of a skyscraper.	"Of course!	"Briefly, there is a leak in my office.	The last one left me at ten minutes of ten."	A few minutes later the eminent financier ushered the eminent scientist into his private office on the Street.	At one o'clock," the scientist went on, "you must issue orders for a gigantic deal of some sort; and you must issue them precisely as you have issued them in the past; there must be no variation.	Grayson asked a dozen questions, answers to which were curtly denied, then went to his office.	He paused at a window, and for minute after minute stood motionless there, with eyes narrowed to mere slits.	"Ah!"	"But when she finished the letters, she went out?"	The operator glanced about in astonishment.	Hatch drew up a chair and rolled off several lines of the immortal practice sentence, beginning, "Now is the time for all good men--" The Thinking Machine sat beside him, squinting across the room in deep abstraction, and listening intently.	While Grayson sat with deeply perplexed lines in his face, the diminutive scientist called upon Hutchinson Hatch at his office.	Considerably later in the day The Thinking Machine called Grayson to the telephone again.	"You mean that the deal must be purely imaginative?"	The Thinking Machine sat silent for so long that Grayson began to fidget in his chair.	Grayson mentioned the name of a well-known jeweler.	"Well, who is in your confidence?"	His lips were set sternly.	But my plans became known, and when I began to unload everything was snapped up by the opposition, with the result that instead of gaining control of the road I lost heavily.	"Except your stenographer," corrected the scientist.	Do the same men, the same clique, appear against you all the time, or is it only one man?"	she demanded.	Above, the infinite blackness hung like a veil, with starpoints breaking through here and there.	What could I do?"	The Thinking Machine turned to Grayson.	"Write something on it," he directed Hatch.	"Who is he, please?"	The Thinking Machine stood impatiently looking on, watch in hand.	"No," replied the financier grimly.	I trust her absolutely."	exclaimed Grayson, "I can't believe it!"	"Honest?"	Faint cobwebby lines began to appear on the dome-like brow of the scientist, and slowly the squint eyes were narrowing.	"It wouldn't be safe," he said at last, "to leave the wire exposed as we have left it.	"Certainly--of course."	So it came about that Grayson did not go to his office on the following morning at the usual time.	"I left positively nothing undone to insure absolute secrecy.	The room was still unfurnished, save for the telephone box on the wall.	From far below came the faint echo of a man's footsteps as the watchman passed through the silent, deserted building.