But now it is different.	"Drop in behind here," Mr. Birnes remarked crisply to Malone, without looking around.	I had to come."	He's just got a couple of handouts an' he passes one to me, an' we gits to talkin'.	Again he faced the tramp:  "Haney, do you know how much the diamonds you had were worth?"	.	Mr. Birnes couldn't say.	He waved his hand vaguely to the right, in accordance with the directions of Red Haney.	"The very type of man who would scrimp and starve to put all his money in something like diamonds," mused Chief Arkwright.	In another half an hour the little bell over his desk should ring.	Mechanically Mr. Czenki placed the three spheres and the replicas in an orderly little row on the table in front of him and the uncut stones beside them--six, seven, eight million dollars' worth of diamonds.	"No."	demanded Chief Arkwright with cold finality.	She had crept down the stairs noiselessly, and stood beside him before he was aware of her presence.	How long had he lived there?	"Then what became of them?"	"Well, he puts the proposition to me," Haney continued circumstantially, "an' I falls for it.	You remember Mr. Schultze said something about .	It was only by a supreme effort that he held himself in control; and the lean, scarred face was working strangely.	Absurd!	He turned fiercely upon Mr. Wynne.	Kellner?"	"I dare say the suite just above is habitable, and the maid is at your service."	"Of course," the detective resumed, "the whole investigation centers about this man Wynne.	Every man at the table arose and crowded about Mr. Czenki, who held a flamelike sphere in his outstretched palm for their inspection.	Haney returned the gaze dully for an instant, then suddenly he nodded his head.	Mr. Wynne even nodded in a friendly sort of way as he attached the second strip of tissue to the leg of another bird.	"In the first place," resumed Mr. Wynne, as if there had been no interruption, "Mr. Kellner here--" "Don't!"	I've been able to locate some diamonds, but it's necessary to know something of the quantity of those you mentioned.	"And this!"	"Sid down und draw a long breath, und den dell Mr. Laadham here someding aboud diamonds."	he asked.	"I must know.	"Certainly.	Here was a long line of cabs drawn up beside the curb, some twenty or thirty in all.	Red Haney was submitted to the "third degree."	"I demonstrate this much by the close watch I have kept of Mr. Wynne," the detective went on, there being no response to his questioning look at Mr. Schultze.	Think of it!"	Sutton was leaning against an electric-light pole, half a block away; Claflin was half a block off in the other direction, in casual conversation with a policeman.	In a couple of hours, now, we shall be getting an answer.	"And his eyes?"	They had reason, too, to believe that I was not acting for myself alone.	I will bind myself to secrecy, as you must; I will guarantee that no stone from the same source is ever offered in the market or privately, while you gentlemen," and his manner was emphatically deliberate, "purchase from me at one-half the carat price you now pay _one hundred million dollars' worth of diamonds!_" He paused.	"He has had two men constantly on watch at my office, day and night, and two others constantly on watch at my home, day and night.	"Wait a minute, my dear girl-- just a minute."	"But it's preposterous on the face of it, isn't it?	Whoever heard of a diamond as big as the Koh-i-noor, or the Regent, or the Orloff being made?	"Whose diamonds were they?"	"Think of the mind that achieved it, man!"	Mr. Birnes  readily understood this much, yet there was a chance--a bare chance--that he might trace the girl on the 'L,' in which case--anyway, it was worth trying.	He leaned over, picked up a handful from the heap and replaced them in the leather bag.	"Yep.	In the seclusion of his home in Thirty-seventh Street, Mr. Wynne read the story with puckered brows, then re-read it, after which he paced back and forth across his room in troubled thought for an hour or more.	"Why have you been watched?"	"You are William Johns?"	"I don't know it, Boss."	Then, unless I can find a way for us to go together safely, we will throw everything aside and go anyway.	The workman watched the snow-white speck until it was lost against the blue sky, then returned to his labors.	"You don't understand--" "I understand it all," she broke in.	"I don'd d'ink I vould yust blace my hands on dem," Mr. Schultze advised.	He was tall and rather slender, alert of eyes, graceful of person; perfectly self-possessed and sure of himself, yet without one trace of egotism in manner or appearance--a fair type of the brisk, courteous young business man of New York.	A minute passed--two, four, five--and Mr. Wynne stood as she left him, then he opened the front door and stepped out.	Did he own the house?	Mr. Birnes' hopeful fingers fished it out.	"So I should not have come?"	He dropped into a chair near the door.	queried Mr. Sutton triumphantly.	"Yes, I understand," said Mr. Czenki impatiently.	There was a question in his face as he regarded Mr. Czenki.	She stopped, glared at him with scornful eyes for an instant, then ran up the stairs again.	"Yes," the chief agreed with a glance at Mr. Birnes.	He followed her with grim determination in his face.	The chief stared straight into the young man's eyes for an instant, and then: "And Mr. Kellner's family?"	With certain minor omissions he told of the cab ride to Sixty-seventh Street, the trip across to a downtown car, and, as a matter of convincing circumstantial detail, added the incident of the empty gripsack.	"_Why_ did you come here?"	He gives me a lot o' booze for it, an' I guess I gits considerable lit up, an' he also gives me some money to pay ferry fare, an' the next thing I knows I'm nabbed over in the hock-shop.	"If you'll give me just a little while then perhaps--perhaps I may go with you.	"It's worth half a million dollars if it's worth a cent!"	Mr. Wynne resumed questioningly.	"Well, yes--black."	The huge German nodded his head vigorously, with sparkling eyes.	He glanced up, arose, and went up the three flights of stairs to the roof.	"Something like fifty thousand dollars," Mr. Birnes informed him impressively; "and if you got fifty thousand dollars for your share the other man got a million."