"I will re-turn, Chet.	Chet didn't understand any of it.	I don't want to talk about him right now.	My view stretched 8m down, an impossible, dizzying height.	The guy who thought he was Nicola Tesla had an ocean in his apt.	I've found the electromagnetic frequencies that the various coral resonate on, and by using those as a carrier wave, I can stimulate them into tremendously accelerated growth.	I was thinking so hard, I stopped thinking about what I was saying to The Amazing Robotron.	He is so screwed up."	### Home Again, Home Again ====================== The kids in my local bat-house breathe heavy metals, and their gelatinous bodies quiver nauseously during our counseling sessions, and for all that, they reacted just like I had when I told them I was going away for a while -- with hurt and betrayal, and they aroused palpable guilt in me.	And he ushered Chet out of his apt and closed the door, leaving him in the featureless hallway of the 125th storey.	Just _stay_ there.	IT MAY BE THAT I AM THE ONLY ONE YOU CAN TALK TO HERE AT THE CENTER.	In doing so, he began to normalize the experience, to structure it as a story he could tell the other kids, after.	With important friends, you can make a whole block of apts simply disappear from the record-books.	I will be gone for a few months -- I have to re-turn home.	Nicola Tesla spoke well and carefully, and I'd started to ape him.	Chet opened his mouth to protest, and his father shouted him down before he could speak.	"Yes.	The lot of them are amorphous, indistinguishable from each other in his memory, all that remains of all those clever little brats is the lingering impression of loud, boasting voices and sharp little teeth.	"So now I use Old Sparky here to recharge -- please forgive the expression -- my connection with the current.	Tiny fish wriggled in the coral, tearing at the green fuzz that grew over it.	My mouth is pasty, and salty, and sweat keeps running down into my eyes.	He whirled on me.	# I take room-service, pizza and beer in an ice-bucket: pretentious, but better than sharing a dining-room with the menagerie.	It helps.	The cabby isn't even out of breath when we pull up at the Royal York, which, thankfully, is still clothed in its ancient dressed stone.	The records say that the locks have never been used, the doors never opened.	And I heard nothing.	He's eleven, and it's the tencennial of the Ascension of his homeworld -- dirty blue ball, so unworthy, yet -- inducted into the Galactic fraternity and the infinite compassion of the bugouts.	I haven't been paying much attention lately."	Batty.	I've come here to get away from all the treachery, the deceit, the filthy pursuit of the dollar.	"You know, like, the whole fricken thing.	"If water gets into the mask, just push at the top and blow out through your nose!"	Hell, it was the first time he'd expressed _any_ opinion about anything I'd said.	My parents gamely tried to explain why we were going, but they never understood, no more than any human could.	I've gotta blow, 'K?"	I've used this trick on my kids.	Which is so stupid, 'cause the ceilings in our old house weren't no higher than the ceilings here, and besides, Dad screwed up all the plaster when he was trying to fix it up, and it was always cracking.	I don't think I wanna be a pilot no more.	"That may be true, Chet.	"No, I haven't.	Have you thought a-bout any o-ther poss-i-bil-i-ties?"	It won't be searched when they evacuate the bat-house.	But by the time I take my second bite, it's just pizza and a brew.	Well, there you are."	I sug-gest that you start by ex-am-in-ing your friends.	He spoke as he tinkered with his apparatus, which hummed alarmingly and occasionally sent a tortured arc of electricity into the guy who thought he was Nicola Tesla's chest.	and the ball whipped up and away, spearing itself on the point of one of the towers on the opposite side of the room.	I'm fine," Chet said.	Chet's father stooped and took the remote out of Chet's hands and opened up a bookmarked docu-drama about the coming of the bugouts.	He's batshit -- he gets angry too easy.	The only sound was my breathing, and distant, metallic _pink!_s from the ocean's depths.	"I just don't care about them, to be frank."	How have you been?"	One of my buds tole me that you end up all fugged up with time an' that, that you come home an' it's the next century an' everyone you know is dead."	"Chet, Chet, Chet.	He must have dozed, because the next thing he knew, he was tipping over backwards into the apt, and the guy who thought he was Nicola Tesla was standing over him, concerned.	Miscellaneous 		a.	Your counselor was here looking for you."	"Yeh, yeh, fine.	If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable 		under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or 		enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this License, and 		without further action by the parties to this agreement, such 		provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to 		make such provision valid and enforceable.	"You see?	I smiled, a huge grin, and it broke the seal on my mask, filling it with water.	Worried about, uh, the future."	I climbed into the ocean, and the silence embraced me, and the water tingled with electricity, and my consciousness floated away from my body and soared over an alien world.	I can't remember.	No, no.	Chet's mother dropped a plastic tumbler, which bounced twice, and rolled to Chet's toe.	"You can't _imagine_ how long I've waited to show that trick to someone!	My pulse beat under my skin.	A narrow, elegant angelfish swam directly beneath me, and tickled my belly with one of its fins as it passed under.	"Never mind that!	The little one needs the big one, so that he can feel useful.	he said, his voice muffled by the hood.	You know how worried your mother was?"	I entered his apt, and even my feet were too surprised to go on.	Think of it as a trick I do, if it makes you feel better.	You're progressing nicely."	It has the smell of a million transient guests, aftershaves and perfumes and pheromones, and the stale recirc air I remember so well.	The bat-house breathed around him, a million farts and snores and whispered words.	"I've been OK." "Have you been stud-y-ing math-e-mat-ics and phys-ics?	I spent an age in the water, holding my breath, chasing the fish, disembodied, a consciousness on tour on an alien world.