That was four.	He pointed at the dormer windows in the top room.	"He was naked and hard, and he had the knife in his fist, not like for slicing, but for stabbing, and his eyes were red from the smoke at the club, and the bathroom filled with the booze-breath smell, and I sank down in the tub, shrinking away from him as he grabbed for me.	David said, glaring at him.	They all had big shoulders and clothing that looked like the kind of thing the Hasids wore, black and sober.	He was delighted by the dumpsters full of plush toys, by the lightly used office furniture, by the technical books and the CDs of last year's software.	It hurt so much I bit through two thicknesses of towel.	Krishna had his hand down the little girl's top now, cupping her breast, then laughing when she slapped it away.	The guy was slightly Asian-looking, tall, with a sharp suit that managed to look casual and expensive at the same time.	"They work," Kurt said.	He wrote *about* drugs, not *on* drugs."	"You know as well as I do!	She tenderly stroked his hair until the hiccups subsided, then clawed at his belly again, sending him rolling through the mud.	Alan pondered its crusty, clawed form, thinking that it looked like it belonged to someone -- some*thing* -- else.	They're not like other people.	Alan said.	Alan pursed his lips and watched Kurt prod at the keyboard.	"You're.	She repeated it, and on the fourth try she got the idea of using the match to light all the remaining matches in the folder and drop that into the bin.	They ate their lunches together again, and she filled the silence with a running commentary of the deficiencies of the sandwich her father had packed her, the strange odors coming from the brown bag that Alan had brought, filled with winter mushrooms and some soggy bread and cheese, and the hairiness of the mole on the lunch lady's chin.	The golems' cave was lined with small bones and skulls, rank and row climbing the walls, twined with dried grasses in ascending geometries.	"Got to get him home," Alan said, lifting Benny up with a grunt.	He thrashed like a raccoon in a trap, and Alan forced the back of his head down so that his face was mashed against the cool floor, muffling his cries.	"Your brother?"	Alan asked.	Alan said.	"You should try the ice-pack again," he said weakly.	At first the sound was barely audible, a soughing through the tunnels, but gradually the echoes chased each other round the great cavern and across the still, dark surface of the lake, and then a voice, illusive as a face in the clouds.	He couldn't say the words.	she said, after they'd watched a jackrabbit hop up the mountainside and disappear into the woods.	She looked up in alarm.	Alan was still young and had a penchant for the dramatic, so he went around to the kitchen and pulled a bottle of vodka out of the freezer and banged it down on the counter, pouring out four shots.	Alan held the knife tighter.	Billy got big enough to walk, then big enough to pick mushrooms, then big enough to chase squirrels.	He scrabbled to fit his chubby hand into his jacket's pocket, then fished out a little black pebble.	We're trying to raise bus fare to Burning Man?	Sometimes for weeks."	He crossed the room and sat on the other end of the sofa, his hand on the seam that joined the two halves together, crossing the border into her territory, an invitation that could be refused without awkwardness.	She looked glumly at the road unraveling before them, grey and hissing with rain.	His body bucked of its own accord, and he knocked Danny loose of his legs.	He had a sense that he wasn't welcome there, that it was not intended for his consumption.	The first time, they just stood in silence, wiping their cramped hands on their thighs.	I know it's hard for you --" She squeezed his hand.	They were all poor students, so none of 	them had land-line numbers you could look up in the phone book, 	but that was okay, since they all had accounts with the video 	store where she worked, with their deadbeat pre-paid mobile 	numbers listed.	For the first time he could remember, she looked flustered.	She nodded.	That's not normal."	* To tell him *If this demo fails, it's because you fucked off and left it to the last minute.	From the trash, mostly.	Your brother.	"You're invited?"	He thought he'd figured out how to fit in, that he'd observed people to the point that he could be one, but he was so wrong.	For a second, Alan harbored a germ of hope that he'd bested Krishna and so scared him into leaving him alone.	"You *live* here?"	Alan leaned in and saw that it was a milkweed pod.	Alan looked to his neighbors' porch.	"Quiet," Dewayne said.	Alan put his hands over his face and sobbed, because he'd failed his responsibilities as eldest of their family and there was no one he could tell his woes to.	Alan patiently picked dripping Edward up and put him over one shoulder, and gave Frederick the tube to suck.	He'd rehearsed what he'd say to her all morning: *Do you believe me?	I thought about using it on him, too, but only for a second.	"It's all right," she said coldly.	I got a crummy little basement in what the landlord called Cabbagetown but what was really Regent Park, and I switched out to a huge, anonymous high school to finish school.	He gave Alan a dirty look, as though his insistence on preflighting were the root of their problems.	I walked back here from Eglinton."	Shopkeepers smiled and nodded, shoppers mouthed, "So cute," to each other.	He forked up the rest of his omelet, looked reflexively up at the blinkenlights on the AP over the Greek's sign, just above the apostrophe, where he'd nailed it up two months before.	Geography.	I was just minding my own business and you came by, I just didn't want to be bothered, this is *my* place!"	"Wait!"	I picked my way out of the water again and I walked to the shore, and it was too dark to put on my clothes, so I carried them under one arm and felt my way back to the summer cave and leaned against my mother and waited to drip dry.	They can't even steal my stuff, because when they try, when they come for my shoes or my food in the night, I'm always awake and watching them and just shaking my head."	Something moved in the bushes, moved into his line of sight.	They started walking now, Billy's limp more pronounced.	Benny took a step off the hill.	"Yeah," he said.	"Right," Alan said, sipping his coffee.	"We *could* use a focused antenna, but if I move a little bit off the beam" -- he nudged the coffee cup to one side -- "we're dead.	I'm not poor."	His shout had drawn older librarians from receiving areas and offices behind the counter, women with the look of persons accustomed to terminating children's mischief and ejecting rowdy drunks with equal aplomb.	He took another step closer and he must have triggered a motion sensor because the porch light switched on.	The sound made his neck prickle and when he looked at the little ones, he saw that their eyes were rolling crazily.	Davey's murder was still to come.