Then straightening his old shoulders and pulling his hat firmly on his head, he stooped and kissed the old lady and walked with a firm tread to the door.	Everybody called the two cottages the twin houses for another reason: the owners were twins.	Johnny Cricket said.	It was such a nice, happy-hearted note Sally Migrundy said: "I will answer it!"	"Willie Woodchuck is whittling because he has nothing else to do!"	"I have never enjoyed myself so much before, and I will never be grumpy and be called a Grundy again!	"Yes, but Matilda," her sister said, "you do not know the happiness in being kind and friendly to others!"	Then they called Mamma Dorn and they all ate some of the ice cream and candy.	Then she took three long, deep breaths and then she jumped out of bed quickly, right on her toes.	Have you seen Mrs. Thumbkins?	And when they do, she catches them by the heels and turns everything topsy-turvy all day long; but when you get out of bed toes first, I'll be there to start you on a pleasant day and Witchy Crosspatch will have to return to Make-Believe Land and hide her head!"	cried Thumbkins.	"Finally old Omasko, the elk, came down to the river to feed, and the old chief catfish swam out and pulled on Omasko's whiskers, and all the other catfish cried: 'See how brave and fearless the mighty catfish are!'	When the gnarled tree was covered with leaves in the summer time, the old, rough Stone said, "Just see how he hides the blue sky from my view!"	And there, too, was his sister as she had been when a child.	"I do not know!"	"In the middle of the great meadow, and it will belong to the one who finds it first!"	One contained the golden pennies, another the candy and the third was full of ice cream.	"I will buzz down that way and see him!"	Ca--aaaaw!"	Granny asked, as she smiled through her glasses at him.	he cried, "I wish the gnarled tree would come back and scatter his leaves about me to protect me from the cold!"	[Illustration] So Thumbkins thanked Tommy Grasshopper and ran over to Granpa Tobacyworm's house.	The box is full of candy and ice cream!"	"Don't the people in the house here wish good luck?"	As he did so, the figures rose in the air and seemed to grow lighter and larger.	A few people hesitated as they passed, but only one stopped.	Granny went to her tiny cupboard and brought out a little bottle of purple fluid.	"Come in!"	When the little nut took root and sent its tiny shoots up in the air, the old, rough Stone said, "There!	So Tommy Grasshopper and Johnny Cricket caught hold of Willy Ladybug's four little hands and helped him to climb up the tall reeds, for Willy was not as old as the other Bug Boys, and might fall in the water if they did not help him.	"Flat as a pancake!"	"Oh Mamma and Daddy!"	As the little old man finished the melody he stood still more upright.	Then Dickie ran home as fast as he could and told Daddy Dorn.	"Oh, sister," Katrinka cried, as she tried to kiss Matilda.	So the people never called Granny a witch after that, for they knew she was very good and kindly.	And all the other objects scarcely breathed while they watched the children as they took the wishbone from the shelf.	And because the bottle had been used by Sally Migrundy, the two good people suddenly knew all about Sally Migrundy, the magic little cottage, and the happy children who lived there.	said Billy Bumblebee, as he made his wings whirr and climbed high in the air.	A mamma meadow-lark, sitting upon her nest, saw Thumbkins running and called to him: "Come here, little man, and get beneath my wing and I will keep you warm and dry!"	All was quiet within.	You know he has to raise his head every once-in-a-while in order to breathe, so if we should all hang on to him we could pull him under the water.'	Then, though it was raining ever so hard, he pulled his little hat well down on his head and ran out into the storm.	"But we must be very careful and not fall, for the fish would soon swallow us, and that would not be very much fun!"	So they went inside.	But the room did not fill with candy.	[Illustration] "Am I to take it, Granny?"	But when they got inside they were surprised to find that the rooms were very large.	One night while Matilda sat at her dark window looking across at Katrinka's house, she saw a crowd of people tip-toeing up to the stoop with baskets under their arms and flowers in their hands and when all had crowded upon the porch they stamped their feet and made a great noise.	There was a tiny tinkle from a bell and, just as Johnny hopped behind the clock, he saw a boot stick out of the fireplace.	Billy Bumblebee buzzed closer to Old Man Hoppy-toad's head and Old Man Hoppy-toad blinked his big round eyes and finally said, "She is locked up in the kitchen!"	"We are going back to see him!"	Tom Tom cried at the same time, "What ever has happened to your lovely home, Tim Tim?"	Then, shivering himself, for he was soaking wet, he ran home as fast as he could, took off his dripping clothes, put on his little pajamas, and climbed into his warm little cozy cobweb bed.	"And aren't you very cross this lovely day?"	cried Tilly Toad, as she stood her broom in the corner and started down the path.	When Dickie took a seat upon a tiny sofa he did not know just how to ask Granny for what he wanted, so he twiddled his thumbs.	And as they were talking, there came a noise at the front stoop.	The light from the lamp was too dim for him to make out the objects hanging from the mantel above the fireplace.	he laughed.	After a great deal of coaxing, Matilda finally agreed that she would change places with Katrinka and try to smile when anyone came to see her.	Dickie jumped up and ran down the hill to where Granny lived.	All the children of the little village loved Katrinka, for she always had a cooky or a dainty in her apron pocket to give them, or she would pat them on their curly heads and smile cheerily at them through her glasses.	"The old road is so dreadfully long and tiresome!"	Katrinka replied.	Of course all the Bug Boys knew old Gran'pa Skeeterhawk--for it was he--so the three returned to the reed and sat down again to pass the time of day with Gran'pa.	"There are hundreds of children just like you who make hard work of getting up when they are called in the morning and who remain cross and ugly all day long!"	Thumbkins cried as he caught Old Man Hoppy-toad's hand.	cried a cheery voice as Thumbkins ran under a bunch of flowers.	So again he went down the long flights of stairs and down the street until he came to a good corner where traffic was heavy.	From his hiding place, Johnny Cricket heard one or two chuckles, and something rattle.	Now Sally Migrundy had always lived in her tiny cottage on the bank of the tinkling stream which ran through the whispering forest.	Marjorie said.	Dickie Dorn thought to himself, as he lay upon his back under the big oak tree and watched the three crows.	As he shuffled down the street, he clutched his coat tightly about his throat, for the air was chill and he felt the cold.	It was a new tin can house.	she scolded, as Katrinka walked into the living room.	You may be sure it was a very happy place to live and the children made Sally Migrundy very happy.	said the others.	In the morning Mamma Cricket had a hard time getting Johnny Cricket out of bed.	never!"	[Illustration] [Illustration] CROW TALK "Caw, Caw, Caw," one old crow cried as he faced the other two crows.