She just hurried home and took off all of Raggedy Ann's wet clothes and placed her on a little red chair in front of the oven door, and then brought all of the other dolls in and read a fairy tale to them while Raggedy Ann steamed and dried.	So, Raggedy Ann sat quietly, just as Marcella told her, but she smiled at the chickens for she had fallen time and again and it had never hurt her in the least.	Dinah's big eyes rolled out in a troubled manner, for Marcella had snatched Raggedy Ann from Dinah's hand as she cried, "Why, Dinah!	Raggedy Ann lay quietly in bed where Thomas and Annabel had tucked her.	"I should not have offered the boys dear old Raggedy Ann to tie on the tail of the kite!	Raggedy Ann hopped from her bed and ran across the floor, trailing the bed clothes behind her.	That night when all the house was asleep, Raggedy Ann raised up in bed and said to the dolls who were still awake, "I am so happy I do not feel a bit sleepy.	She lifted the box away and gave a little squeal of surprise and happiness.	said the old hens.	"Go get them, Fido, and bring them up so we can see them!"	So when Raggedy Ann had been returned to the nursery the dolls could hardly wait until Marcella had put on their nighties and left them for the night.	"I hope it isn't a mouse!"	"_The Dog Catcher!_" cried Raggedy Ann.	"It needs more tail on it!"	And of course it happened!	exclaimed Mamma Cat.	Cheer up!	The kite, released from the weight of Raggedy Ann began darting and swooping to the ground.	"And yarn hair!"	"What have you there, Fido?"	Cheery!	There the dolls hung all day, swinging and twisting about as the breeze swayed the clothes-line.	said the tin soldier, who could be very fierce at times, although he was seldom cross.	Suddenly the rag parted and Raggedy Ann went sailing away as the wind caught in her skirts.	said Raggedy.	"How lovely!"	said Annabel.	And Marcella looking up into the tree above the house to see the robins, discovered Raggedy Ann peeping over the limb at her.	"How do you feel?"	As Raggedy Ann hit the ground the new puppy dog caught her dress and ran with her across the bridge, Fido barking close behind him.	It was a strange procession.	And this is how she did it.	They ran, and they ran, and they ran, and at last they found the kite upon the ground with one of the sticks broken, but they could not find Raggedy Ann anywhere.	When Daddy fished Raggedy Ann from the water, Marcella hugged her so tightly to her breast the water ran from Raggedy Ann and dripped all over Marcella's apron.	The dolls drew to one side, where Raggedy Ann and Uncle Clem whispered together.	"Here is Raggedy Ann," she shouted.	After a lovely tea party with ginger cookies and milk, of course the dolls were very sleepy, at least Marcella thought so, so she took all except Raggedy Ann into the house and put them to bed for the afternoon nap.	Marcella did not like to leave Raggedy Ann with the boys, so she sat down upon the ground to wait until they pulled down the kite.	[Illustration] Just as Raggedy Ann started to pick up one of the kittens there was a lot of howling and yelping and Fido came bounding through the hole with Mamma Cat behind him.	"Secret nothing," replied Fido, "It's kittens!"	Raggedy Ann smiled happily to herself, for Boots had curled up on top of Raggedy Ann and was purring herself to sleep.	The catch was too high for Raggedy Ann to reach, but Peterkins held Raggedy Ann in his mouth and stood up on his hind legs so that she could raise the catch.	"Come, see!"	And our lesson was that we must never take without asking what we could always have for the asking!	cried all the dolls, as they pressed closer to Raggedy.	They ran over to where Boots sat growling with the tiny mouse in her mouth.	said the new puppy dog as he bounced up to Raggedy Ann.	The chances are that she likes that old rag doll better than any of the others!"	"If your folks hear of it they will take the eggs!"	"Tell us what you have been thinking, dear Raggedy," said the tin soldier.	said Raggedy Ann.	"Why, Dinah!	It was a soft mellow light, just the sort of light you would expect to accompany Fairy Folk.	"She didn't look like our dear old Raggedy Ann at all!"	Raggedy Ann took two of the kittens and carried them to the house while Mamma Cat carried the other.	"This Raggedy Ann seems to be a favorite with the mistress and with all the dolls!"	replied Raggedy Ann, "It made me very happy.	"Let her ride up there!"	While the dolls were talking, Marcella ran down-stairs with Jeanette and told Daddy and Mamma, who came up-stairs with Marcella and hunted around until they discovered the mouse's doorway.	So Raggedy was wrapped in a newspaper that evening and carried away.	"I know poor Mistress is very sad on account of Fido," said the Dutch doll, "because I was in the dining-room at supper-time and I heard her daddy tell her to eat her supper and he would go out and find Fido; but I had forgotten all about it until now."	said the Indian doll.	Presently the Fairies returned without the bundle and disappeared through the nursery window.	As Fido neared the brook, another puppy dog came running across the foot-bridge to meet him.	"Tell us how to start about it."	And as she slept Marcella dreamed that the fairies came and took Raggedy Ann with them to fairyland for a visit, and then sent Raggedy Ann home to her.	His little heart was broken to think that he had caused Raggedy Ann to be drowned.	"We will plug up the hole with something, so he will not come out again!"	My!	"I think it would be a good plan for us to show our love for Mistress and try and find Fido!"	asked Uncle Clem of the French doll.	Thomas said.	"It was a great relief, although it felt queer at first and my thoughts seemed scattered.	"Just let me hang Miss Raggedy on the line in the bright sunshine for half an hour," said Dinah, "and you won't know her when she comes off!"	"I thought I heard nibbling last night," one of the penny dolls said.	a boy said to Marcella, "for the kite was directly over here when the doll fell!"	So the dolls sat and talked until daylight, when the painters came to work.	one old hen explained.	Raggedy Ann smiled at them.	Marcella was heartbroken.	squeaked the little mouse, "This is the first time I have ever been here!"	Late that night when Boots was the only one awake, out popped a tiny mouse from the hole.	All the dolls could feel Raggedy Ann's beautiful new candy heart and they were very happy for her.