She took Katharine away, determined to rear her up in high, stern principles, and never to allow her to become accustomed to the life of an heiress.	They waited, till the Canon grew impatient, and went to look out of the window.	Her mother made no answer, and the girl slipped away into the garden and sat down on the grass.	"A friend of mine?"	The place had none of the grandeur often seen on the coast, and was impressive only from a certain wild dreariness, unfelt in the sparkling sunshine of the September morning.	"That is something unusual."	He, however, left two sons, who set to work in various ways to earn their own living, and from the elder of these I am descended.	"I don't know--I had much rather get rid of it all.	Poor Katharine had not much notion of that other and Higher Counsel, which her uncle's letter had advised her to seek.	"Let me take advantage of it while it lasts, and ask for two dances."	The Canon smiled, and left her in the garden as he went in to speak to her mother.	We have been solicitors ever since my grandfather's time, and that Kingsworth ever belonged to us is a mere tradition.	Why should he refuse to tell her what he thought to be her duty?	"Mother says she is sure that--that--he was _killed_," said Emberance, faintly.	There was, however, part of a ruined tower on the edge of the cliff, called Kingsworth Castle, and to the old Canon the wild sweep of the wind, the dash of the waves on the rocks, and the cry of the sea birds had a charm which all the quiet of his Cathedral Close could not rival.	So I am not sure if when I come of age--I ought not to give it back--I haven't decided.	There was a pretty Church, long and low, with a square weather-stained tower: and the Vicarage, which had hitherto been in possession of an old Vicar, who remembered the Canon's boyhood, had now fallen into other hands, and was filled with a large lively young family named Clare.	Emberance was a little overpowered by her, but she liked her, and better still, oddly enough, she liked the grave clear-eyed Aunt Mary, who looked so unjoyful, and behaved with such odd, cold graciousness towards herself.	She had lost her lover, and had in fact discovered that she had never inspired him with any real affection; and life with her mother at Kingsworth seemed but a dreary prospect.	"I think, Katie," said her mother, one morning when she had been for some time watching her listless attitude, "that you find it as possible to be dull at Kingsworth as at Applehurst."	Emberance had promised to take Miss Clare's class at the Sunday school in the afternoon--a piece of usefulness forbidden to Kate, and when she was gone silence and stiffness fell on the little party.	cried the outspoken Kate.	Why should he hate Kingsworth?	she thought.	The scream of a railway whistle, even the roll of a carriage hardly ever disturbed the silence; the stock-doves cooed, and the starlings cried unstartled by any passing footsteps.	"Indeed, there are times when outward beauty makes very little difference to us!"	Besides, she did take the earrings.	"It ought to be set right," said Mrs Kingsworth, steadily.	I do not feel as she does, I don't think we understand enough about it to feel sure that Kingsworth should be Emberance's, and--Cousin Walter Kingsworth said _he_ should give it up in my place."	"I am afraid we are not domestic enough to make it ourselves," said Minnie.	Dinner for all the place, and compliments to your great-grandfather who won the place back again to the family, and Mr James so handsome and condescending like.	Mrs Kingsworth, when the circumstances had been explained to her, felt a curious sense of perplexity at the discovery of an elder heir.	And perhaps he was so, but his efforts to replace her, and his love of producing an impression had made a crisis in the life and in the character of the two Kingsworth cousins.	She turned away from the path towards the Vicarage; with a shy unwillingness to be met _there_ by herself; yet her thoughts as she walked along were not wrapped in the sunny haze proper to a young maiden just awaking to a sense of preference given and received.	Are you going to have another blackberrying to-morrow?"	She blushed and then continued laughing: "But you know, Major Clare, we are simple-minded country girls, and we do enjoy picking blackberries.	Oh, Emmy, I wouldn't keep it and leave you to want it, for all the world."	Her mother has kept her away from Kingsworth, taking grudgingly the least advantage from her inheritance.	She says she was suspected of doing something wrong; but that it was not true.	"But," said Katharine, "mamma looked at me and the tears came into her eyes, and she said, as if she hated me, `So you can enjoy pleasures your cousin does not share,' and went away."	said Walter, feeling himself in a great scrape.	"I do not know," she said, "I do not know Katharine's feelings.	Emberance doesn't like to talk about the family.	She did not ask any more questions, and her agitation subsided; while to her mother's intense disappointment, she said nothing more of what had passed.	Emberance was puzzled, she could not tell how the discovery had come about, and moreover, she guessed that the facts were more complicated than Kate supposed.	and I have always been shut up by myself!	Still she was enough disturbed by what had passed to resolve almost for the first time in her life on consulting Canon Kingsworth.	The morning-room in which Kate was had been Mrs Kingsworth's favourite sitting-room long ago, and was as cheerful a room as any in the house, with white panels and a carved cornice, and long windows that looked towards the village.	"Did you, uncle?"	There was nothing very characteristic or picturesque about the class, they wore the ordinary dress of labouring women, except that their petticoats were very short, and they were generally as rough and ignorant as might be expected of the inhabitants of a place which had enjoyed so few advantages as Kingsworth.	The speaker was a tall young man of four or five and twenty, whose roundish dark eyes and hooked nose were sufficiently of the Kingsworth type to satisfy any one on the look-out for a family likeness, while his good looks and pleasant open expression were enough to account for the interest which Miss Deane was expressing in his presence at the ball; the large rooms at Mayford were all gay with lights and flowers, as the company began to assemble from all the country round, for the Deanes were popular people, and the ball a large one.	She _never_ walks on the shore.	People are dead after seven years, you can marry somebody else even?"	"Dear Kitty, I hope you won't be very dull and unhappy, after I have gone."	"My dear, dear child!"	The question was if it were worth keeping.	"And what is your name?	Emberance had answered warmly, and Love Lane or Hatchard's Lane, as it was called, according to the tastes of the speaker, always brought her promise to her mind.	She was picking--and eating--blackberries with all her might, comparing her basket with her companions', scratching her fingers, and tearing her gown with the most entire enjoyment.	The Canon did not, she thought, write freely to her; she could not, except under great stress of feeling, discuss the matter with Emberance, and of her mother's stern, clear view she had an instinctive dread.	She looked up with that in her eyes, which, had he met them, must have brought the scene to a point at once, and given it a very different ending.	But remember, the time was so short that he may have   been only waiting for a favourable opportunity.	"Walter may have another opportunity of judging if he likes," said his father.	She liked attention, and, as a pretty half-grown girl, had met with a good deal; but she did not intend finally to yield except to an ideal youth, the colour of whose hair, and the expression of whose eyes had been accurately decided upon, while his admiration of herself was to be evident from their first meeting.	Walter could have bitten his tongue out for his imprudence.	She did not understand it.	She could hardly grasp her own thought, to express it was still more difficult.	"Oh--because of friends," said Kate.	"But you will not retract, Katharine, you will not fall again into temptation?	"Will you dance with me, Miss Kingsworth?"	She was small and rather short, with the sort of birdlike air, always given by a delicately hooked nose, and round dark eyes set rather close together.	She was a tall woman, with a figure slender and _elance_ as that of a girl, delicate, regular features, and a small head adorned with an abundance of smooth, dark hair.	But Kate had not come to the point of perceiving that any particular line of action could be expected of her.	He has no one belonging to him to keep him in England.	And he went, though somehow his sisters could extract no more enthusiasm from him on the subject of the south-country cousins.	She stopped a minute in her walk, and looked over the hedge across the cabbages in Hatchard's market garden, and said to herself,-- "I'm not bearing it, I'm trying to escape it.	"Refused him?"	we shouldn't come to gather blackberries if they were of no use!	"Dear, _dear_ Emmy, I _should_ like you to have one too," she said.	She was to go home in time for Christmas, and at home would be much more likely to pick up fragments of intelligence.	And mamma would not consent--so how could I get there?	Emberance glanced at her, and said,-- "Kitty, we mustn't stay for tea, it is so dark, let us go home.	Emberance found things pleasant enough, but she felt as if there were years of life between herself and her cousin, as she thought of Malcolm Mackenzie's ship tossing on the waves which never rose without costing her an unreasonable sense of apprehension.