"We will speak of it again in Council."	"Surely," said Enrique, "it is possible, if it were God's will, but," he added, colouring with enthusiasm, "I think, we are so well prepared, it is not likely."	The inhabitants of Ceuta were to be offered the choice of leaving the city or of submitting to the Christian rule.	"As to that, my good lords," said Northberry, "I care not for degradation, if I can but get my poor little maid back.	England still felt the benefit of the strong government of Henry the Fifth, and all was at peace.	Then the voice that was always gentle, the words that were always pure, the faith that saw beyond the dungeon walls, would woo them to a better mind; and the love they bore him helped them to hold to the love of God; and when, now and again, by the faint light of their little lamp, Father Jose took of the good Majorcan's bread and wine, and celebrated the Holy Eucharist, as long ago it had been celebrated by martyrs and confessors in dens and caves of the earth, they felt the power of that Holy Presence, and attained to something of the martyr's spirit as well as the martyr's fate.	The sun also dropped down to rest over another small inclosure, far away in the warm south.	"But now, Sir Walter, I came here to-day to speak with you of--of the foul treason that cut off our retreat, and made my brother's sacrifice necessary.	"Take Tangier and there will be none."	"It was very stupid of Hassan not to send men who can do their work.	Of course the party who contended for the retention of Ceuta contained many who cared nothing for the religious question, but who declared openly that the great sea-port was worth far more to the state than the precarious life of a prince who had never been able to make himself prominent or useful, while many of those who wished to yield it cared little for Fernando, and less for the pledge, but were only anxious to avoid the expense of a war.	"My Arthur, whom I shall not see   Till all my widowed race be run."	It was their most peaceful moment, for they could then talk freely with each other.	"Go, bring me showers of roses--bring."	The king convoked the States-General of Portugal, and a great council was held to decide on the next step.	"Where is the false traitor to whom this is owing?"	But I saw no one who, to my mind, equalled our cousin King Harry, now alas!	The sun sank below the horizon, the purple headland of Turo came into view, one by one the stars came out in the deep clear sky; while at the prow of each vessel was hung a great lantern, so that in the gathering darkness the fleet seemed almost as if composed of ships of fire.	Alack!	"If we were _only_ going too!"	cried Leila.	"I know it," returned Enrique; but he said no more, only anxiously watching while one of his chaplains, Father Jose, who, like most priests, was something of a surgeon, bound up the injured hand, saying that it was after all but a trifle.	I will not yield the Lady Eleanor to a traitor, nor see my prince's confidence abused by a foreigner."	Certainly, Christian land must not be given up to an infidel power; but he offered the much-desired full of Crusade, and recommended Duarte to go to war to deliver his brother.	"Doubtless it is well; but now, submission is hard."	"Will you now write and urge on your brother to deliver you--that loving brother who has let you pine in a dungeon rather than yield a fortress for your sake?"	"And you--how can you bear the march over these hot sands?	How she wished that she had never teased Harry by encouraging his rival--for as such she began to recognise Alvarez; and though she scarcely realised that Harry wished her to be more to him than his old playmate, he had always been jealous of interference, and the feelings of Alvarez were unmistakable.	he cried.	There was something provoking to his common sense in the ill-management of the start; and though he had no expectation of failure, it afforded him great satisfaction to grumble at the princes, and even at the king, by way perhaps of showing that he was not a Portuguese subject.	With the rights and wrongs of that unhappy story, a sadder one perhaps than the fatal siege of Tangier, we have now no concern; but some strange change must have passed over the mind of the nation, for no other effort was ever made to rescue Fernando.	"Afraid!	My mind misgave me when we landed as to our numbers; and now I find that, instead of the fourteen thousand ordered to embark, we have but eight!	Fernando looked satisfied, and then demanded if Enrique thought that the Moors were really man-eaters.	We still work together."	"My sons!"	Stand still," shouted Enrique, springing to his feet, and, in a moment, he rushed forward, climbed on to the high prow of the ship, and clinging on with one hand, with the other he detached the burning lantern, and flung it into the sea.	"Tell me one thing," said Harry; "Dom Alvarez accuses me of a share in the treason that rained my beloved prince.	Where is Father Martin?"	said Fernando, "and we may yet clasp hands again.	cried the first speaker.	There was a vessel bound from France to Lisbon came to the rescue, and beat them off; but oh, the saints pity us!	"Tell him," said Fernando, "to remember that both he and I are Christian princes, soldiers of the Cross of Christ.	"I don't think," said Fernando, "that your gentlemen here think of converting them."	The horseshoe arch of the window framed a piece of deep blue sky, against which a gilded dome, surmounted by a crescent, glittered in the morning sun.	Harry was a straightforward youth, who disliked what he could not understand.	"Can I forget my childish vow, and the longing I have ever had so to devote myself?	Presently Fernando beheld, leaning over the garden-wall, the same maiden who had given him the milk.	And Enrique, our soldiers love you, as my good father and uncle were loved; look ever to their welfare, nor ever regard them as churls and their deaths of no account."	I felt that he was of our kin, for he had our blessed mother's face, whom I think Fernando favours most of us all.	We must push on at once, and trust in the force of our onslaught?"	If he authorised the war, and would give a Bull of Crusade, well and good; if not, the project must be abandoned.	What mattered the scene that had passed to Fernando; what mattered insult and hardship, compared to the sorrow and anguish of heart of reading of the beloved brother's illness and death!	"But the treaty?"	"Scorn will not give us a better supper than black bread; see, here are dates, to flavour it," said Dom Francisco, while the first speaker, an older man, snatched the gift from his hand and flung it away; and there was a disproportionate outcry of annoyance and vexation.	"I want to hear about Catalina.	Certainly if deliverance ever came for himself and his friends she might be included in it.	Woe's me that ever I let them go."	"He does not revive," said the girl.	At last, hearing sounds without, she sent one of her maids to inquire if her father had returned, and in a moment Sir Walter came into the room.	Sir Walter set down his daughters, who retreated, hand-in-hand, under a great orange-tree; while their father rose and went to the door, as he heard horses stopping without.	Brother Martin's passionate preaching had really stirred his emotions, and made him feel himself a true Crusader.	My brother, the king, has none such in his stable.	"Nella?"	Who can authorise the inmost promptings of the soul that lead to great ends?	She turned her head away and cried bitterly, while Harry was dumb for a moment; for if she had told him that she was married already, there would hardly have been a greater barrier between them.	We were young and untried when we took Ceuta; it is little likely that we should now fail."	She was almost too much for the nuns sometimes, with her wild spirits and dauntless gaiety, delighting in woodland scrambles and hairbreadth escapes.	But, prince though he was, Enrique met with scant sympathy beyond the limits of his family, in designs which the world had not yet learnt to understand.	"You did not think so when Ceuta was before you."	"Into my house he comes not if he takes the traitor's name on his lips," said Northberry.	Dom Enrique had been but little at Lisbon, his great undertakings filled up his time, and he had of late joined the King of Aragon in a war with the Duke of Milan, during which he had been taken prisoner, to the great alarm and distress of his brothers; but he had soon regained his liberty, and now, at the end of 1435, was at the court.	He spoke, however, in the council well and to the point, urging his view of what number would be sufficient for the attack, and the reasons why he thought that it should be made.	There were times when, treated like brutes as they were, the animal nature awoke within them, and they were ready to tear each other to pieces in the bitterness of their despairing fury; other times, when they sought a kind of relief in wild ribald jests, and many long intervals of sulky, faithless despair; when even Father Jose's prayers and encouragements were unavailing.	Not a prisoner too?"	"Poor Christian," she said, "here is some milk for you.	"So," he said, "Ceuta, praise be to God, is ours, fortress and all, for Zala-ben-Zala fled in the night, and before I came here Duarte and Pedro were there in command.	"It seems as if our prayers must be weak when we withhold ourselves.	In a few moments he returned, accompanied by a tall, slender young man, dressed in black velvet, with a red cross on his breast.	I scorn it!"	"Enrique, listen!	The Pope was again written to for his opinion, and the discussion began with all the ardour and heat attending a question where good men see, strongly, different sides of the right.	"She said Catalina was across the sea, and had a talisman--the cross, you know--and that if I saw her it would be across the sea.