However, in one way he showed good sense.	Supposing she gets no letter by to-morrow-night, what comes of it?” “Why, a very great deal.	By the side of the lane, an old oak-trunk (stretched high above the dip, and furnished with a broken handrail) showed that there must have been something to cross; though nobody now could remember it.	It is such a fine thing.	But let her get a letter from Master Hilary--and you would see what would come over her.” “I have got it!	This was not like Hilary.	But do what he might, he could only cut a poor and sorry figure; and looking in the glass, he was frightened at his wan and worn appearance.	And so did the Count, and everybody.	Love, however warm and faithful, is all the better for a good clear fire, ere ever the snowdrops begin to spring.	But you shall be obeyed, beloved one.	My father has a bad headache to-day.	Here was the place and time for a man to sit in the midst of his garden, and feel that the year was not gone in vain, nor his date of life lessened fruitlessly, and looking round with right good will, thank the Lord, and remember his father.	They have given me no chance of trying.	“Sure enough now, try on Fridays--market-day, as I am a man!” “Well now, to think of that!” said Elias; “what a fool I must have been, to keep on so with Saturday!	We are all so scattered about that no man has his own officer near him, and he don’t care a button for any others.	But you have plenty of pride now, haven’t you?” “I--I don’t know at all, I am sure; but I suppose I am the same as other girls.” “If you thought that Lorraine was unworthy of you, you could make up your mind to forget him, I hope.” “I never could do such a thing, because I never dream it of Hilary.	Whatever my sport is, I shall call in and thank you, when I come back for my pony.	I beg your pardon.	I cannot imagine what he could mean.	But you never were famous for good manners.” “If I meddle with them again,” thought Gregory, “may I be ‘adorned,’ as my father says!	But she loved him all the more for that; and being herself of a stronger will, had grown (without any sense thereof) into a needful championship and vigilance for his good repute.	Behind him, and strapped to his saddle, he bore what used to be called a “vady;” that is to say, a small leather cylinder, containing change of raiment, and other small comforts of the traveller.	The vanity of men surpasses even the love of women.	From time to time she looked, and listened for her father’s galloway, and the heavy content of the summer night shed gentle patience round her.	Also, she would let him know one thing.	She felt that this money would do more good, as the property of the _partidas_, than as the pay of the British troops.	I knew,     and my sister also knew, that your father could not be expected     to like it, or allow it, for a very long time to come.	Only think how we should feel, Lorraine, if our own daughters were exposed so!” “I haven’t got any daughters,” said Hilary, groaning with pain, perhaps at the thought.	Being now in a calmer state of mind, she took from her desk a tress of long hair, the most valued of all her treasures.	Poor Hilary!	It was not in her nature to pretend to deceive anybody, and she found it harder, from day to day, to be right in all their trifles.	and I should have the nettles then.	AN UNWELCOME ESCORT.	“To send him out in a nasty sandy ship, when his birth were to go on horseback, the same as all the gentlefolks do to the wars!” “But Mrs. Merryjack, you forget,” explained the accomplished Trotman, “that Great Britain is a hisland, ma’am.	‘My blood is blue because I have     no breeches,’ says one of their poets, feelingly; and that is     the case with all of them.	But how is your very grand wedding to be?	The solicitors would be directed to waive the obvious objections, which might lead to mischief, or might not, according to circumstances.	You call it a ‘bottle-green’!	Mabel, Mab, all out here alone; and trying to hide from her own brother!” Gregory jumped from his horse, and caught her; and even in the waning light was frightened as she looked at him.	Covering the ground at an active pace, and crossing the Woeburn by a tree-bridge (rudely set up where the old one had been) he strode through West Lorraine and Steyning, and over the hills to Pyecombe corner, where he took the Reigate coach; and he slept that night at Reigate.	Why nobody wants to poison thee.” “I think, sir, I saw your daughter go round the corner by the warming-pan, this side of where the broom hangs.” “Then all I can say is, she is daft.	I hope you have not taken anything likely to disagree with you.	Perhaps the expression had passed away, while the substance settled inwards: but however that may have been, her face was pleasant, calm, and gentle.	Perhaps she even enjoyed it a little.	This he placed on a chair, and without any mystery, unlocked it.	The Moorish origin, here and there, was boldly manifest among Spanish, French, and Italian handiwork, both of repair and enlargement.	This day, she allowed the groom to chase her (like the black care that sits behind) until she had taken free burst of the hills, and longed to see things quietly.	Therefore I will say ‘good evening.’” CHAPTER XXXVII.	For suddenly he was surprised by a most disagreeable sense of grittiness, and then a keen stab in the roof of his mouth.	With all the contempt that can be expressed by silence, when speech is expected, she kept on so briskly towards Bonny’s castle, that her suitor (who, in spite of all martial bearing, walked in the manner of a pigeon) became hard set to keep up with her.	The Spanish officers took to him kindly, and so did the soldiers, and even the mules.	He had not invested his mind as yet in implicit faith in anything; but rather was inclined to be tolerant, and tentative, and diffident of his own opinions.	Well, you have me at your mercy, Mabel.	There are many obstructions, no doubt, in its course, and many hollow places to fill up.	In this condition of the gloomy air, and just when frost was hovering in the grey clouds before striking, Alice Lorraine came into her father’s book-room, on the Christmas-eve.	Now run up, and see whether your poor cousin has eaten that morsel of anchovy toast.	But missie slips away so quick like; I never can get hold of her.	One was the character of Sir Roland; the other was the English courage and Norman spirit of Alice.	He had been instructed to tie tight; and he was pleased to show now how tight he had tied, after his own remonstrance.	Phyllis was often of a pensive cast, and she never looked better than in this mood, when she felt the deepest need of sympathy.	Sir Roland also was becoming more and more reserved and meditative.	At the ford, however, there was no sign of any British detachment, and the trumpeters sounded a flourish in vain.	However, your father (as was right and natural on his part) felt a conviction--as those low Methodists are always saying of themselves--that there would be a hundred thousand pounds, to help him in what he was thinking of.	Shot, come to heel this moment!” “You are right,” said the captain; “I shall do the same.	And three weeks still is a long spell of time for the young to anticipate misery.	But about this money-bag she said--is that what you ask, Sir Roland?	“I am sure that you know what it is about.	what is the use of it, if I am?	“She ought to have a little more of wisdom.	Senhor, is not that enough?	For his mind was set out upon a track of thought, which it might have pursued until dinner-time.	The suitor favoured by Mrs. Lovejoy was a young physician at Maidstone, Dr. Daniel Calvert, a man of good birth and connections, and having prospects of good fortune.	I am quite out of breath with my long translation, and I am not quite sure of all of it.	It is too great a risk to run.” “Well, my dear mother, I must confess that your scheme is a very fine one.	Betwixt herself and her grandmother there was little love lost, and still less kept; for each looked down upon the other from the heights of impartial duty.	Not that I blames un, for what a can’t help.	But come now, and sit in this chair, and tell me, if you please, Sir Remnant, how the poor things are getting on--your captain and my poor grandchild.” “Well, madam, I need not tell a lady of your high breeding and experience; the maids of the present day are not at all the same thing as they used to be.	So that he was one of the ever-dwindling class of “franklins,” a class that has done good work for England, neither obtaining nor craving thanks.	But we’m all right, howsomever it be.	A filthy old tobacco-pipe, and nothing else--no change whatever.	Old Applewood farm was just “taking it easy,” in the betwixt and between of hard work.	This steel thing is so rusty that it fills my work with canker.	But now the birds, that were come among them, meant to have them wholesale.