And she presented the bride with a silver basket, fit either for flowers or fruit, and containing a very neat cheque for a hundred guineas.	But he is one of the first boxers in England.	It is as soft as milk.” “No, not a drop.	A tender remembrance?	You have broken contract; and if you were one of my workmen, I would pay you nothing.	Nobody can explain such things.” “Nobody can explain anything;” my uncle replied with his usual wisdom; “look at me.	She was tall, and straight, and of goodly presence, with fine large features, and a steadfast look, which expressed clear perception and strong resolve, but less violence of nature than her sister showed.	‘Believe no man dead till he comes and proves it.’ But women can always believe what they wish.	Which I do pretty sharp, as he knows to his credit.	And like the great bulk of such people again, he was truly consistent in his own freedom from any loftier motives.	Only half a pint each for the women, mind.	They fell among the furze, and got patterns on their faces, and showed no gratitude to Nature for one of her best gifts.	But about three days of it—that’s all there is.	IN the calm May night, I left my desolate home, to learn the cause and meaning of its desolation.	Don’t blame yourself, or her.	Go and lie down, Kit; don’t you see you are in the way?	I’ll give you any undertaking you think fit.	Now all was calm, and sunny silence, broken only by the lapping of the brook.	The doctor has been ordering him change of air; and at last I persuaded him to go.	You spoke very harshly to her, I know.	How much have you won, Kit?	And the sweetest girl in London, too without any cheek or high faluting.	Then I asked her, with my wrath turning into jealous pangs, about that old villain, who had dared to imagine that his wealth—if he had any—or at any rate his position, could bridge over the gulf between virtue and vice, loveliness and ugliness, sweet maidenhood and sour decrepitude of bad living.	But if you could bring yourself, without feeling it too much, to tell me how that matter was, it would be a great satisfaction to me, and do me a lot of good, I do believe.” “Well, my boy, it is a frosty night.	Sergeant Biggs does not think much of himself; but Sunbury does, and it would stare to see him go on duty without any waistcoat or stock, or even a pair of braces on.	But I whistled a tune, and went cheerfully along, for the night was beautiful, and the trees, still piled with blossom, rose against the starry sky, like cones of snow.	That wasn’t arkerate, you know.	But my spirit rose, and I jumped up, and faced him.	And I was pleased that he did not in any way attempt to “talk goody,” as our people call it, nor even refer to my lonely condition; though I knew by the softness of his manner that it was present to his mind.	You have seen that I always take your part when people go to bully you.	Tonks has been with him a deal too much.	Why, she’ll want to be dining with us, the next thing!	But that sounds like the front-door bell!	There were three cabs, or flies as they called them there, waiting in the station yard; for it is their busiest time of the day, and he chose Clipson’s, because the horse looked freshest, and told him to drive to Shepperton, without saying a word about the fare.	Mrs. Wilcox received me very kindly, and I was glad to find her business thriving, and the sharp boy released from the pots, and growing very useful at the counter.	Consider what a lot of that I shall have from the mother.” “You can stand anything,” said the other, with a sigh; “but I am not as tough as I used to be; and a row in the papers brings the duns in by the dozen.	NONE.	I must leave you to the light of nature, although he is rather a dark specimen.	I am pretty tough; but it would have killed me, although I am no chatterbox.	Then the master of the house appeared, and shook hands with Sam, and bowed to me.	Being equally urged by love, and strong distrust of coming dangers, I did not lose a single day, but wrote to Miss Parslow by the very next post, because she required, and indeed deserved, to have a voice in all we did.	Perhaps she was thinking of her own love-time; which would rouse at once pity for me, and ill-will towards the sister, who then had wronged her so.	Altogether he was worth about twenty thousand pounds; which he justly intended for his only child.	“But you are below my contempt, and I wonder that I even deign to speak to you.	We have never had a single word.	Then he cut a caper round my feet, and with the innumerable laughter of his tail, fell fawning, and begged but a word from me.	Then we’ll have Tilbury from Hampton, to see to the papering and painting, and all that.	That makes all the difference.	Glad to see you, sir, at any time, and if I should happen to be about the grounds, my nephew Kit will see to everything you want.	In short, he looked more like a gentleman than I had ever known him look before; and seeing what a fine young man he was, I felt heartily glad that he had fixed his affections where they could not imperil mine.	It ought to have been locked as well, of course; as Tabby Tapscott (who had the true feminine knack of hitting a blot) observed.	You shall thank me as much as ever you like, when you have got your Kitty back again.	Well, there are fools in this world!	Then I gave up calling “Kitty,” as I had been doing all along, till I ran upstairs to our pretty bedroom; and there I called for her once more.	Run as far as Widow Cutthumb’s, and fetch half a dozen eggs.	Now he wrote to my aunt that I was coming, according to her proposal, and he made Tabby Tapscott come up to the cottage, and pack up a few things for me, inasmuch as I had no one now to do it.	It would never do to have a row with him, and to take him by the throat, as he deserves.	Let us go to him, while he is by himself.	They might just as well blame a dog for loving liver, or a cat for believing that heaven is milk, as fall foul of my Uncle Corny, because he ate the onions of very common jokes.	I dare say you are surprised; such things are not done down at Sunbury.	“The great thing you want is nourishment,” she said, when I had made a noble dinner; “people in the present age never attach sufficient importance to that point.	It is easy enough to introduce a stranger, so that his name shall be still unknown; and Sir Cumberleigh, not being quick of hearing, received my name as “Johnson.” “On the turf?” he inquired; and Sam said, “Yes; he has been on it every day this week;” which was true enough in one sense; and I longed to be back in a garden again, where we grow rogues, but nothing like so many.	One was Sir Cumberance Hotchpots, or some such name, proving to be a wicked man from the North; and the other was her brother, as ought to be all over, according to the flesh of marriage, sir.	“Now look sharp!” exclaimed Uncle Corny, who was not at all concerned with Nature’s doings, except as they concerned his pocket.	But for the good of others I was forced to put these fancies by, for we could not have found another spot so suitable for the poor sick child.	What had he lost?	But you say that he is ill, that he has long been ill; and perhaps he will never be well any more.	To make up for the want of other faults, she has that one to an extreme, you see.	By these he was soon so swung about, and almost carried under, that the sand-hills, where the people stood to watch him, stood still themselves, instead of slowly gliding by.	At first I was uneasy, for if Kitty were to catch that complaint, after all her other troubles, was she likely to look well upon the bridal day?	But I am sure you will admit that I am reason itself, in asking you one or two little questions.	Such a man of his word never lived, I do believe.	But pear-trees have been so, times out of mind, though never none but the younger ones.	He was too wide awake for that.	This rose I cut with the tender touch which a gardener uses boldly, and laid it on my drawing-block, so that each exquisite tinge and fringe and curve of radiant leaflet, as well as the swanlike bend of stalk and soft retirement of sepal, led up to the crowning beauty of the bloom above them.	Kit has had everything regardless of expense, that our skilful Dr. Sippets recommended him.	Kit is so kind and gentle to me.	“All was going on quite as well as I could wish, and old Robert Woodbridge was quite coming round to the coaxing of his lovely daughter, and the banns were to be put up just before the grass was cut, so that we might have our wedding-day between the hay and wheat—when suddenly everything was thrown abroad, and both our lives were spoilt for ever.	However, that sort of thing was out of Harker’s line; and I asked him a few questions, with a sovereign in my hand; at which he kept glancing, as a dog of better manners assures his master that he loves the hand ever so much more than the tit-bit inside it.	Let me see; May the fourteenth, isn’t it?” “No, Biggs, no.	I have a right to ask, as she is in my charge.	“Wants to wash his mouth out.	Ah, that ought to bring him out.