It has been revealed to and tried by men in various periods of the earth's history, but never has it had such a chance to redeem the world as it is having now.	The righteous, who had been looking wistfully for some manifestation of the coming of the Lord, whispered to each other, 'The Lord is dying for the sins of the world!'	They walked slowly along the paths as they talked.	Will you all come with me into the reading room?	Signe arose to go, but her father caught her forcibly by the arm.	"Then Jesus stood in their midst, and they beheld the glorious presence of their Lord.	Bogstad before he went to the _saeter_."	I did not know she was in town."	"Thank you," and he bowed as he gave the signal to begin again.	Existence is eternal, and its various stages grade naturally into one another, like the different departments of a school."	They were already within the outskirts of the city.	"Yes, you are right.	Had he been an American, he would, no doubt, have kissed her then and there; but being a Norwegian, he only looked his wonder and pleasure.	Henrik was in Christiania, and was to be one of a party to spend the night on the hills above the city.	Your words seemed to bring to me a glimpse of something better, but I never had the courage to speak to you until now."	They knew that Henrik was a person of some importance back in Norway, and they wanted to show him that they also were "somebody."	They   shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain for the earth shall   be full of the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the   sea."	Once every four or five years, Henrik and Marie visited the Saints in the West, and spent some time in the temple.	They readily consented.	I, Rupert, have obeyed Peter's word, and have received the promise.	* * * When the morning   stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy?"	asked Remand of the guide.	Rupert had been telling them some of his history, and when the conversation lagged, he asked the two cousins to sing that song about "O my Father."	Rupert sympathized with his friend, and then told him of his errand.	Mrs. Ames rubbed the cold hands, Nina became nervous, and Rupert looked down into the pale, beautiful face.	"Yes, a man must do something; but there's nothing going on now--nothing in our line."	Then she also broke down, and at sight of her tears the son gained control of his own feelings, and tried to comfort his mother.	They walked hand in hand for the last time in this, their first estate.	From another rise, the rider saw the girl who was making all this wild music.	After all, the world was not so dark with such a girl as Virginia Wilton waiting to become his wife.	All that must be attended to before the resurrection, which for all of us--luckily--is yet in the future.	"Come, Hr.	I just seemed to be waiting--" "Yes?"	How could such serious schemes brood behind such laughing lips and sparkling eyes?	I may not call you king of Poland--there is but one King on this earth--but I will call you servants of the King, as we all are.	"Two of the faces are familiar," remarked Remand, "but the third is strange.	"Even a child is known by his doings."--_Prov.	He could do the work for the male members of his family, but a woman must officiate for the female members.	"They shall be gathered together as prisoners are gathered in the pit,   and shall be shut up in prison, and after many days shall they be   visited."	From the hallway they entered a smaller room, decorated with beautiful pictures and adorned with statuary.	Hr.	But Rupert was a farmer, and they were not in demand within the city limits.	Here he spent his last cent for a loaf of bread.	His wife and her cousin were from Norway, the former having been in the country long enough to become Americanized; it was two years only since the latter had emigrated from her native land, so she spoke English with a foreign accent.	She looked him steadily in the face, her swimming eyes not wavering.	"Why, why," replied Remand, "He could save it, put it in the bank, invest it."	No; the thought makes reason stare.	The animal saw them coming, and extending himself at full length on the ground, seemed to enjoy the children's tumbling over his shaggy sides.	School teaching had not, as yet, driven the roses from her cheeks, nor the smiles from her lips.	"We have been taught that we shall get that position to which our preparation here entitles us.	The foreigners did not fail to note the wonderful advances made in the arts and sciences and their practical application to everyday affairs.	He was nearing home, anyway.	My thoughts go out 'Over the high mountains,' as Bjornson says, and I want to be away to hear and see what the world is and has to tell me.	"I used to know Henrik Bogstad of Nordal, Norway."	The second class was forward.	"Yes; Mother has informed me and I have been preparing for some time.	Yet you two are husband and wife, are you not?"	The Spirit of our Lord moved upon you to take this journey to his capital, and you chose to come as you did.	"Where, then, can they hear it?"	"Oh, yes, part of the time."	It was midsummer.	That is one of our most popular writers, and in many people's opinion, our best.	He had said that he could call again in the evening.	I sit up there and gaze and think, as Hansine says, nearly all night.	It was a dull, cloudy day, and not a breath moved the odorous choke-cherry bushes which lined the dusty road.	He derived a peculiar satisfaction in this work, and he extended his researches until he had a large list of names on his mother's side as well as on his father's.	His wife must be a pure, perfect creature.	We must get her in the sitting-room on the sofa.	The attainment of worldly wealth was at one time the standard of success.	Rachel finished her little speech with a smile--the simple sweet smile, fixed into her nature for all time.	I now owe more than we are worth in this world.	I can never get her interested in my cows.	And the passages to which they pointed read:   "My son, despise not the chastening of the Lord, nor faint   when thou art rebuked of him; for whom the Lord loveth he   chasteneth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.	Mr. Janson listened with wonder at Rupert's description of Dry-bench reservoir, and how simple it would be to construct canals by which to water Chamogo valley.	"That's all right," said his cousin Jack who voiced the universal opinion, "we live in a free country, you know, where one's religion isn't called into question."	He described and explained the many deeply interesting scenes, and answered the numerous questions directed to him.	Would you like to meet him?"	At the end of the first year, Miss Wilton had so far shown that she was but common flesh and blood that Rupert had been in her company to a number of socials, and they had walked from church a few times together.	She returned to the sixth chapter, sixty-second verse, and he read:   "What and if ye see the Son of man ascend up to where He was before."	Next morning Signe was very busy.	III.	Quantity is not always the test, for the gardener who supplies us with the choicest vegetables is counted just as successful as he who digs from the mountain his thousands in gold.... Who, in your country, is counted the greatest success in history?"	"Well, I hardly know," replied the man.