The surf was so high that many others put back.	"This," he said, "might, at first sight, appear an enormous sum for the state to pay; but the average life of seamen is, from hard service, finished at forty-five.	Owing probably, to these prejudices, and the influence of the peculators, he was treated, on his return to England, in a manner which had nearly driven him from the service.	Conceiving that when an officer is not successful in his plans it is absolutely necessary that he should explain the motives upon which they were founded, Nelson wrote at this time an account and vindication of his conduct for having carried the fleet to Egypt.	Nelson was not deceived in his judgment of the Danish cabinet, but the battle of Copenhagen had crippled its power.	"To write letters to you," says he, "is the next greatest pleasure I feel to receiving them from you.	Mr. Udney, our consul at Leghorn, was the first person who procured certain intelligence of the enemy's design against Malta; and, from his own sagacity, foresaw that Egypt must be their after object.	Lord Nelson, with humble duty to his royal highness the prince, will consider this the greatest victory he has ever gained, if it may be the cause of a happy reconciliation and union between his own most gracious sovereign and his majesty the King of Denmark."	He showed a proper sense of respect for Nelson's services, and of confidence in his talents, by taking care not to bring with him any older captain.	Januarius!"	For eighteen hours his life was despaired of; and even when the disorder took a favourable turn, and he was so far recovered as again to appear on deck, he himself thought that his end was approaching--such was the weakness to which the fever and cough had reduced him.	On his way, he fell in with two Spanish frigates, the SABINA and the CERES.	Collingwood ranged up, and hauling up his mainsail just astern, passed within ten feet of the SAN NICOLAS, giving her a most tremendous fire, then passed on for the SANTISSIMA TRINIDAD.	But the answer which he received from government quieted his fears: it stated that Captain Nelson was a very good officer, and needed to be under no apprehension, for he would assuredly be supported.	In consequence, if is said, these very extensive public frauds were at length put in a proper train to be provided against in future; his representations were attended to; and every step which he recommended was adopted; the investigation was put into a proper course, which ended in the detection and punishment of some of the culprits; an immense saving was made to government, and thus its attention was directed to similar peculations in other arts of the colonies.	The governments of Naples and Sicily either knew not, or chose to keep me in ignorance.	Lady Hamilton, like a heroine of modern romance, explored with no little danger a subterraneous passage leading from the palace to the sea-side: through this passage the royal treasures, the choicest pieces of painting and sculpture, and other property to the amount of two millions and a half, were conveyed to the shore, and stowed safely on board the English ships.	But long it cannot, shall not be."	Sir Richard's first feeling was that of anger, and he was about to supersede Nelson; but having mentioned the affair to his captain, that officer told him he believed all the squadron thought the orders illegal, and therefore did not know how far they were bound to obey them.	This battle, or, to speak more correctly, this total defeat of the regicide squadron, was obtained by the valour of this brave admiral, seconded by a navy which is the terror of its enemies.	All I write to you is known at the queen's.	The Neapolitan revolutionists thought that without a total change of system, any relief from the present evils was impossible, and they believed themselves justified in bringing about that change by any means.	The whole of the sea-coast of Italy saved; and this is owing alone to the generous English.	Sir John Orde necessarily retired at his approach.	The three Northern courts had formed a confederacy for making England resign her naval rights.	It is true our opponents were in hulks and floats, only adapted for the position they were in; but that made our battle so much the harder, and victory so much the more difficult to obtain.	Notice was then immediately given to the British merchants, that they would be received on board any ships in the squadron.	Before any government can be overthrown by the consent of the people, the government must be intolerably oppressive, or the people thoroughly corrupted.	When I leave your command I become dead to the world--'I go hence, and am no more seen.'	The DESIREE frigate also, at the other end of the line, having gone toward the close of the action to assist the BELLONA, became fast on the same shoal.	For a long time the AMAZON had been firing, enveloped in smoke, when Riou desired his men to stand fast, and let the smoke clear off, that they might see what they were about.	Encouraged by the conduct of Lord Howe, and by his reception at court, Nelson renewed his attack upon the peculators with fresh spirit.	Some were picked up by our boats; and some even in the heat and fury of the action were dragged into the lower ports of the nearest British ships by the British sailors.	The king returned to Naples, where every day brought with it tidings of some new disgrace from the army and the discovery of some new treachery at home; till, four days after his return, the general sent him advice that there was no prospect of stopping the progress of the enemy, and that the royal family must look to their own personal safety.	It is said that the king, when he granted him this permission, warned him not to take any part in politics; expressing at the same time his own persuasion that he should recover his kingdom.	I beg that his hair may be cut off and given me; it shall be buried in my grave.	I believe this ill-luck will go near to kill me; but as these are times for exertion, I must not be cast down, whatever I may feel."	Accordingly, he informed the Treasury that, if a satisfactory answer were not sent him by return of post, he should take refuge in France.	After an action of three hours, during which the Spaniards lost 164 men, the SABINA struck.	And Lord Nelson will take his prisoners out of the vessels, and burn or carry off his prizes as he shall think fit.	The French were better politicians.	If Sir Hyde were gone, I would now be under sail."	After pointing out and detecting some of the misstatements in the account, he proceeds: "As to his nonsense about victory, His Royal Highness will not much credit him.	The fleet having anchored, Nelson, with Riou, in the AMAZON, made his last examination of the ground; and about one o'clock, returning to his own ship, threw out the signal to weigh.	Nisbet took one of the oars and ordered the steersman to go close under the guns of the battery, that they might be safe from its tremendous fire.	But there was in this book a scrap of dirty paper, filled with figures.	At the commencement of the last century they quelled one revolt by the aid of German auxiliaries, whom the Emperor Charles VI.	This drew on the defeat of the Austrians.	If not, a short time will decide the business.	"It is an old saying," said he in his letter, "that the devil's children have the devil's luck.	She was, more than any other line-of-battle ship, exposed to the great battery; and supporting, at the same time, the united fire of the HOLSTEIN and the ZEALAND, her loss this day exceeded that of any single ship during the whole war.	A miserable sight for the French; who, with all their skill, and all their courage, and all their advantages of numbers and situation, were upon that element on which, when the hour of trial comes, a Frenchman has no hope.	The English ships were all seventy-fours; the French had three eighty-gun ships, and one three-decker of one hundred and twenty.	And under what circumstances, and with what pointed aggravation?	For the battle of Copenhagen Nelson was raised to the rank of viscount--an inadequate mark of reward for services so splendid, and of such paramount importance to the dearest interests of England.	"After mature consideration," he said in a letter to Lord Hood, "and a personal inspection for several days of all circumstances, local as well as others, I consider the siege of Bastia, with our present means and force, to be a most visionary and rash attempt; such as no officer would be justified in undertaking."	From the 21st of January the fleet had remained ready for battle, without a bulk-head up night or day.	In a few minutes, every man stationed at the first six guns in the fore part of the VANGUARD's deck was killed or wounded.	The committee then finding that they had to deal with a man who knew his own power, and was determined to make the British name respected, desisted from the insolent conduct which they had assumed; and it was acknowledged that Bastia never had been so quiet and orderly since the English were in possession of it.	So rapid was the conflagration, that the French in their official account say, the hull, the masts, and sails, all seemed to take fire at the same moment; and though the English boats were put out to the assistance of the poor wretches on board, not more than 200 could be saved.	He sent on shore, to say that he came with friendly views, and was ready to return a salute.	"As to politics," said he, "at this time they are my abomination: the ministers of kings and princes are as great scoundrels as ever lived.	On the 25th, the youngest of the princes was taken ill, and died in Lady Hamilton's arms.	Many happy returns of the day to you--(it was the first of the new year)--I never spent so miserable a one.	After the battle of Cape St. Vincent he felt a little rest to be so essential to his recovery, that he declared he would not continue to serve longer than the ensuing summer, unless it should be absolutely necessary; for in his own strong language, he had then been four years and nine months without one moment's repose for body or mind.	Twelve were sent; and Nelson, saying that he hoped yet to win half-a-dozen more great victories, promised to lay by six bottles of his Hamburgh friend's wine, for the purpose of drinking one after each.	Upon this he wrote to the Secretary at War, briefly stating what his services on shore had been, and saying, he trusted it was not asking an improper thing to request that the same allowance might be made to him which would be made to a land officer of his rank, which, situated as he was, would be that of a brigadier-general: if this could not be accorded, he hoped that his additional expenses would be paid him.	Troubridge then proceeded to Capua, and took the command of the motley besieging force.	"I do assure your lordship," said he, in his answer to the lord mayor, "that there is not that man breathing who sets a higher value upon the thanks of his fellow-citizens of London than myself; but I should feel as much ashamed to receive them for a particular service marked in the resolution, if I felt that I did not come within that line of service, as I should feel hurt at having a great victory passed over without notice.	A wine merchant at Hamburgh, who was above seventy years of age, requested to speak with Lady Hamilton; and told her he had some Rhenish wine, of the vintage of 1625, which had been in his own possession more than half-a-century: he had preserved it for some extraordinary occasion; and that which had now arrived was far beyond any that he could ever have expected.	Upon this the very sentinels scampered off, and every vessel came out of the mole.	Bonfires and illuminations concluded the day; and on the morrow, the volunteer cavalry drew up, and saluted him as he departed, and followed the carriage to the borders of the county.	We shall have our sea-friends; and I know Sir William thinks they are the best."	Alexander's ministers, in their reply, expressed their surprise at the arrival of a British fleet in a Russian port, and their wish that it should return: they professed, on the part of Russia, the most friendly disposition towards Great Britain; but declined the personal visit of Lord Nelson, unless he came in a single ship.	The loss of the Danes, including prisoners, amounted to about six thousand.	A few rounds were returned from some of our leading ships, till they perceived its inutility: this, however, occasioned the only bloodshed of the day, some of our men being killed and wounded by the bursting of a gun.	Had a stronger squadron been sent, this deplorable catastrophe might have been spared: a catastrophe which excited not more indignation in Spain than it did grief in those who were its unwilling instruments, in the English government, and in the English people.	The frigates accordingly landed their men; and Nelson stood in with the line-of-battle ships, meaning to batter the fort for the purpose of distracting the attention of the garrison.	The country, he said, had attached a confidence to his name, which he had submitted to, and therefore had cheerfully repaired to the station; but this boat business, though it might be part of a great plan of invasion, could never be the only one, and he did not think it was a command for a vice-admiral.	"Why, to leave off action!"	This was no ways imputable to the admiral, for he sent home to government Nelson's journal of the siege, that they might fully understand the nature of his indefatigable and unequalled exertions.	The answer which he received seemed to imply that the old forms were thought sufficient; and thus, having no alternative, he was compelled, with his eyes open, to submit to a practice originating in fraudulent intentions.	"Well," said he, as he left the ELEPHANT, "I have fought contrary to orders, and I shall perhaps be hanged.