Master Ponocrates, who had no idea of making the Prince's mind strong at the expense of his body,--being too good a teacher for that,--arranged it in such a way that, every day after the Latin lesson, Gargantua was allowed, after changing his clothes, to leave his hotel with his Squire Gymnaste, who had been chosen specially to teach him the noble art of horsemanship.	GARGANTUA'S MARE SCORES A VICTORY.	Where do you come from?	shouted Marquet, the chief Bunmaker, to Forgier, "and _I_ will give you your buns."	When he reached the sea-coast once more, Pantagruel picked out the twelve largest vessels in Thalasse, and gathered together all the pilots, mates, boatswains, sailors, workmen, soldiers, artillery, ammunition, provisions, and clothes he needed for a long voyage.	It was at the gates of Sorbonne itself--the great University--that Pantagruel, flushed with victory, next knocked.	The old man at once hastened, in high glee, as fast as his gouty feet could carry him, to the court-yard, so as to be ready to receive his son.	Another piece of news Gargantua heard at Parillé.	So close together did this people get to be that, in case of need, over three hundred thousand men, whose boast was that they all belonged to the same family, could march out of the city gates.	mie!_" as any other baby would have done, he shouted out at the top of his lungs, "Drink!	An awful north-west wind had got caught in with a hurricane,--so James Brayer said,--and the two together whistled through the yards, and shrieked through the shrouds.	Then the solitary wanderer spoke:-- In English-- What he said in a very strange English was: "Lord, if you be so vertuous of intelligence, as you be naturally releaved to the body, you should have pity of me; for nature hath made us equal, but fortune hath some exalted, and others deprived; nevertheless is vertue often deprived, and the vertuous men despised; for before the last end none is good."	"Seize that too!"	The next thing was to comb his head with a "German comb," which was the name given in those days to the easiest way of combing, since it meant a comb made by the four fingers and the thumb.	While the assault was going on, Picrochole and his people didn't know at first which was better: whether to march out from the Castle, resolved to conquer or to die, or to stay in the city, and let the enemy outside do their worst.	Some found themselves with longer legs than others, which, being quite as thin and bony as they were long, made malicious people, who had not eaten of the fruit, shout, "Crane!	What is to become of us?	Then Panurge replied.	"The Shepherds and vine-watchers of that old Giant Grandgousier, may it please Your Majesty," answered the Bunmakers.	And this was how the great and bloody war between the Bunmakers of Lerne and Gargantua's country began.	"That stone would mean, '_This is one league_.'	"Well, yes.	Every fruit seemed to grow that year to a dozen times its usual size.	So, just before reaching the limits, he placed all around his carts a great store of reeds, canes, and willow-boughs, and took good care to have every one of the drivers decorated with the same, which made them look very friendly, indeed.	Gymnaste, after bowing respectfully, collared Marquet and marched him off.	My father must surely have come back!"	CHAPTER XXVIII.	In the Satin Land, the trees and herbage never lose their leaves or flowers, and are all damask and flowered velvet.	All that he ever would say, after long hours of silence and sighs, was:-- "Ho, there!	"Because," he answered, "Your Highness has not brought your frying-pan along with you."	ho!	ho!"	Shall I help you before I go?	Then, if the party seemed in a mood for it, Ponocrates would set them to chatting merrily about the nature of all that they had before them on the table, the bread, the wine, the water, the salt, the meats, the fish, the fruits, herbs, roots and the mode of preparing all these.	The fact is, the good people of Orleans, having heard that the Giant was thinking of leaving them for good, came before him, humbly praying him, before his departure, to bring that great bell to the tower which had been waiting ever so many years for it.	I drown!"	I pinch thee without laughing.	Some grew big and twisted in their shoulders, and became what were afterwards called Hunch-backs.	He mourned him two years to the very month, day, hour, and minute.	When thou art away, my boy, I shall make ready for thy wife, and for a splendid feast when thou shalt bring her safe home."	In his own mind, he at once put Panurge down as a very gifted personage, although he was willing to grant that Pantagruel was the tallest and the noblest man who had ever stepped on the island.	He swore roundly, over his cups, that Gargantua was not there, or he would have heard of it long before.	Have I not stretched myself on the bed in all sorts of ways until my muscles are sore?	I shall not rest until I capture all the cities, towns, and villages in the Kingdom of the Thirsty People.	"Sheep-barber!	[Illustration: DEATH OF LOUPGAROU.]	[Illustration: WELCOME TO PANTAGRUEL.]	But, by God's blessing, Pantagruel's nimbleness saved him here a second time.	We may be sure that Snapsauce and the two other Very Fat Cooks were soon doing their best to get together a good dinner, during which Pantagruel heard all about Fairy-land, its Queen, and her kind Fairies.	she snapped in an awful curiosity, and just the least bit jealous.	There never was a happier baby than Gargantua the first time he was placed in the cart.	But that was a glorious early breakfast which the old King gave to the soldiers before they left; and he made it more glorious by promising great gifts to every man who would do some wonderful act of prowess.	After breakfast Gargantua went to church,--you may be sure he kept away from _Nôtre Dâme!_ Behind him, on his way to church, went nine of the stoutest lackeys, who bore, as if they would have liked to be doing anything rather than that, a big basket, which contained a breviary worthy of a Giant, since it was so heavy that, by actual weight, it was found to weigh just eleven hundred and six pounds.	Then Panurge, all in a hurry, rushed into the vessel once more, and caught up a bundle of straw and a small barrel of gunpowder, the contents of which he scattered along inside and outside of the two circles of ropes.	Why, there was nothing to cook the dinner in!	The guests, with one voice, declared that the chains were an insult to the young Prince; and even the First Physician gave it as his opinion that, if Pantagruel were to be kept any longer fastened in such a way to his cradle, he would all his life be a cripple.	Oh, let us stop to play.'	For this purpose, two great weights of lead had been specially made--each one weighing eight hundred and seventy thousand pounds--which Gargantua would take up, one in each hand, raise them above his head, and keep them there, without moving, three quarters of an hour and more.	"I wish I had looked closer at those pictures.	"Never a word could I ever get from those people.	Then it was that she loosed that tail of hers to the right and the left.	Now, tell me, my dear, where are we to get milk enough for that throat?"	They were just a little afraid, in their curiosity, that their visitor might take up their King's Palace and stalk away with it, as his father Gargantua, whom every old woman had seen and of whom every child had heard, had carried away, years and years before, the Bells of _Nôtre Dâme_ to hang them around his Mare's neck.	No!	"I know neither in what order nor in what number are my enemies who besiege the city.	In their trouble, through much thinking, they at last formed a plan by which they could tell one from another.	[Illustration: PANTAGRUEL PICKS HIS SHIPS.]	Then in a sonorous tongue-- Here Master Epistemon thought it right to say: "This time I have caught his meaning.	Down poured its water in a full stream.	"So ho!	When he was once fairly in the dining-room, a thousand caresses and another thousand compliments greeted him.	But, before they all get away.	The good old King had scarcely whispered the last word when he feebly placed his hand on the head of Gargantua, who was kneeling by the bed.	When they came near him, Widenostrils opened his eyes for a moment, first lazily, as he saw Panurge and the other little men about him, then wildly rolling them around, in fearful efforts to see the whole of the Giant, whose legs he had first caught sight of.	This Wise Man had thought, in a quiet way, a great deal about the Big People, and, through much study, had found out why it was they were not all drowned.	He was willing enough, and they drank so much of the delicious wine that, at the end, there was not a single drop of the two hundred and thirty-seven puncheons left except what was to be found in one leathern-flask, which Panurge grabbed for his own private use, and hid away in his pocket.	Panurge was right in this, because, strong as Pantagruel was, such a weight of wine would have only troubled him if he had to fight.	Then Panurge.	On steering for the nearest port, it was found that the new land was known as Medamothi, or the Island of Pictures.	"Ha!	whispered Panurge, sharply twitching the Mayor by the sleeve, as he was making his twelfth bow to Pantagruel.	On his return, he had a habit of running in and out of the kitchen, with his broad nostrils swollen out like balloons, to find out what particular roast was on the spit, until the cook, already in a stew, was ready to tear his hair in despair.	As soon as thou art through with them, seize a lighted torch, run through the streets, and set fire everywhere.