He is never without a new story of what Pat said to Mike as they were walking down the street, or how Abie tried to cheat Ikie, or what old Aunt Jemima answered when she was asked why she had married for the fifth time.	I have known him to hold entire dinner parties spellbound, from cocktails to finger bowls, with his monologue.	Now I would be well down among the last when it came to wanting to give you the impression that Charlie has been picked for the All-American alcoholic team.	All you have to do is say good evening to him, ask him how everybody over at his house is getting along, and give him a chair--though this last is not essential--and silver-tongued Charlie is good for three hours straight on where he is getting it, how much he has to pay for it, and what the chances are of his getting hold of a couple of cases of genuine pinch-bottle, along around the middle of next week.	Of course there must have been a lot of unsatisfactory weather even then, and I don’t doubt that he slipped in a word or two when the talk got around to the insanity of the then-current styles of women’s dress.	It is as good as a play to see the hostess’ face.	You gather from his conversation that he comes into daily contact with any number of picturesque people.	But Freddie is not one of those humourists who perform only when out in society.	On wading into the sea ankle-deep he leans over and carefully applies handfuls of water to his wrists and forehead.	Frequently, after a card has been played, he will lean over and in a good-humoured way tell the player what he should have done instead, and how he might just as well throw his hand down then and there, but he always refuses to take any more active part in the game.	There may be many more accomplished musicians, but nobody can touch him as far as being ready to oblige goes.	He always leaves with a few cheery words to the players, urging them to keep at it and not let themselves get discouraged.	But you just ought to meet Freddie sometime.	He is funniest, though, it seems to me, when he is pretending that the lemonade is intoxicating, and that he feels its effects pretty strongly.	To a fault, I have even heard people go so far as to say.	He is particularly good at doing “Dixie” with one hand and “Home, Sweet Home” with the other, and Josef Hofmann himself can’t tie Freddie when it comes to giving an imitation of a fife-and-drum corps approaching, passing, and fading away in the distance.	When it comes to giving his time and his energy there is nobody who could not admit that Henry is generous.	The party will be just about plucking at the coverlet when in will breeze Freddie, and from that moment on the evening is little short of a whirlwind.	He smashes the ice all to nothing the moment he is introduced to the other guests by pretending to misunderstand their names, and calling them something entirely different, keeping a perfectly straight face all the time as if he never realized there was anything wrong.	He can come right into a room full of strangers, and be just as much at home as if he had gone through grammar school with them.	That is the way he always is, just laughing it off when he is told that people are using his best lines without even so much as word of acknowledgment.	But don’t let yourself get carried away with success and attempt to branch out into other topics.	And, of course, it gets me laughing so that I can’t say another word about it.	It is pretty elaborate for everyday use.	As he says--and quite rightly, too--it was the principle of the thing.	It is the next best thing to knowing these people yourself to hear Charlie tell about them.	I don’t believe any one will ever know how much fun Freddie and his friends get out of Freddie’s calling them up and making them guess who he is.	He just makes them live.	It needs no careful leading around of the subject, no tactful questions, no well-timed allusions, to get him nicely loosened up.	You just ought to see him making believe that he has swallowed an olive pit.	When you have seen him do this it will be small surprise to you that Freddie is in such demand for social functions.	When what the young man called a nominal sum was paid, and the case was delivered, its bottles were found to contain a nameless liquor, though those of Charlie’s friends who gave it a fair trial suggested Storm King as a good name for the brand.	On the contrary, as the French so well put it.	Then he has a repertory of song numbers, too.	Just tell him about any little formula you may have picked up for making it at home, and you will find the most sympathetic of audiences, and one who will even go to the flattering length of taking notes on your discourse.	He will stroll over to a tennis court, and stand on the side lines, at what I am sure must be great personal inconvenience, calling words of advice and suggestion for sets at a stretch.	But day in and day out, you can depend upon it that he is putting over some uproarious trick with a dribble glass or a loaded cigar or a pencil with a rubber point; and you can feel completely sure that no matter where he is or how unexpectedly you may come upon him, Freddie will be right there with a funny line or a comparatively new story for you.	Some of them have turned out to be but fair-weather friends, unfortunately.	Charlie has no end of anecdotes about the interesting women he meets, too.	But though I have taken up the thing in a serious way, and have gone about among his friends making inquiries, I cannot seem to find that he could ever have got any farther than that in the line of conversation.	He always insists on helping to pass plates and glasses, and when he gets a big armful of them he pretends to stumble.	Those who have not seen him for several years would be in a position to be knocked flat with a feather if they could see what a regular little Chatterbox Charlie has become.	He never requires his audience to do any feeding for him.	He will say something one day, and the next it will be as good as all over the city.	But for the most part his new friends are just the truest pals a man ever had.	He gives them without accompaniment, and every song has a virtually unlimited number of verses, after each one of which Freddie goes conscientiously through the chorus.	In more time than it takes to tell it, Charlie will keep you right abreast with them--sketch in for you how they are, and what they are doing, and what their last words to him were.	He is still unable to talk about it without a break in his voice.	I suppose there is everything in the way he says things.	No, Henry draws up a chair and sits looking on with a kindly smile.	If there is a piano in the house Freddie can tear things even wider open.	Occasionally, when a uniquely poisonous play is made, I have seen Henry thrust his chair aside and pace about in speechless excitement, but for the most part he is admirably self-controlled.	If, for instance, Henry happens to drop in while four of his friends are struggling along through a game of bridge he does not cut in and take a hand, thereby showing up their playing in comparison to his.	And there you have, really, one of Freddie’s greatest crosses.	Despite the wetness of his conversation he is just a nice, normal, conscientious drinker, willing to take it or let it alone, in the order named.	I never hear any one say “There is such a thing as being too good-natured” but that I think of Freddie.	There is one girl he often dwells on, who, if you only give her time, can get you little bottles of chartreuse, each containing an individual drink.	But it is when the refreshments are served that Freddie reaches the top of his form.	MORTIMER Mortimer had his photograph taken in his dress suit.	CHARLIE It’s curious, but no one seems to be able to recall what Charlie used to talk about before the country went what may be called, with screaming effect, dry.	RAYMOND So long as you keep him well inland Raymond will never give any trouble.	Freddie does them in dialect, and I have often thought it is a wonder that we don’t all split our sides.	But that, now I think of it, would probably be the very idea you would have in mind.	People steal his stuff right and left.	Then he tucks his napkin into his collar, and sits there just as solemnly as if he thought that were the thing to do; or perhaps he will vary that one by folding the napkin into a little square and putting it carefully in his pocket, as if he thought it was a handkerchief.	Time after time I have gone to him and told him that I have heard lots of vaudeville acts using his comedy, but he just puts on the most killing expression, and says, “Oh, say not suchly!” in that way of his.	That is what people marvel over when they are talking about him--how he is always just the same.	I don’t think I ever saw any one who could get as much fun as Charlie can out of splitting the Eighteenth Amendment with a friend.	Naturally he can’t help realizing this about himself, but you mustn’t think for a minute that he has let it spoil him.	If he isn’t sending long telegrams, collect, to his friends, then he is sending them packages of useless groceries, C. O. D. A telephone is just so much meat to him.	Say what you will about prohibition--and who has a better right?--you would have to admit, if you knew Charlie, that it has been the making of him as a conversationalist.	Satire--that is his dish.	Among his new friends he numbers a conductor on a train that runs down from Montreal, and a young man who owns his own truck, and a group of chaps who work in drug stores, and I don’t know how many proprietors of homey little restaurants in the basements of brownstone houses.	He tells about a friend of his who owns three untouched bottles of the last absinth to come into the country; or a lawyer he knows, one of whose grateful clients sent him six cases of champagne in addition to his fee; or a man he met who had to move to the country in order to have room for his Scotch.	And the beauty of it is that he is not a mere theorist, as a joker; practical--that’s Freddie all over.	If the hostess asks him to have a chair Freddie comes right back at her with “No, thanks; we have chairs at home.” If the host offers him a cigar he will say just like a flash, “What’s the matter with it?” If one of the men borrows a cigarette and a light from him Freddie will say in that dry voice of his, “Do you want the coupons too?” Of course his wit is pretty fairly caustic, but no one ever seems to take offense at it.	Of course, now and then he cannot restrain a look of pain or an exclamation of surprise or even a burst of laughter as he listens to the bidding, but he never interferes.	In fact, he must have been one of those strong silent men in the old days.	Often and often I have heard him called the life of the party, and I have always felt that there is not the least bit of exaggeration in the expression.	All day long he is bubbling over with fun.	When he really wants to extend himself he calls up in the middle of the night, and says that he is the wire tester.	But Charlie can be the best of listeners, too.	And the remarks he makes about the food--I do wish I could remember how they go.