I shall follow the footpath that crosses  Over the hill by the pear-tree, and thence descends through our vineyard,  Taking a shorter way home.	But henceforth in the heat of the day when the draught shall refresh you,  When in the shade ye enjoy your rest beside a clear fountain,  Think of me then sometimes and of all my affectionate service,  Prompted more by my love than the duty I owed you as kindred.	Then the pastor replied, and pressed the money upon him:  "None should be backward in giving in days like the present, and no one  Ought to refuse to accept those gifts which in kindness are offered.	"Let us make haste," said the thoughtful man: "the youth's waiting in torture;  Come I let him hear, as soon as he may, the jubilant tidings."	He will re-open to-morrow, when plane and saw will be started,  And will keep on through the hours of labor from morning till evening.	Thus she spoke, and the broad stone steps meanwhile had descended  With her companion beside her, and on the low wall of the fountain  Both sat them down.	Hermann resolved that here he would halt, with his horses and carriage,  Under the shade of the trees.	Yes, my Hermann, thy father's old age thou greatly canst gladden,  If thou a daughter-in-law will speedily bring to my dwelling,  Out of the neighborhood here,--from the house over yonder, the green one.	Thereupon fiercely arose in our men the stern resolution  What had been lost to avenge, and defend whate'er was remaining,  Every man sprang to his arms, by the flight of the foeman encouraged,  And by his blanching cheeks, and his timorous, wavering glances.	Straightway the son broke in, and with wing'ed words made he answer:  "Do so, neighbor, and go and make thine inquiries; but with thee  I should be glad if our minister here were joined in the errand:  Two such excellent men would be irreproachable judges.	Thus he spoke; and scarce had he ended when entered the mother,  Holding her son by the hand, and so led him up to her husband.	Some think only of pleasure and perishable apparel;  Others will cower at home, and behind the stove will sit brooding.	"Not for ourselves is the suit, and 'tis delicate wooing for others."	she said: "I carry them better so balanced.	He that has once beheld cities so cleanly and large, never after  Ceases his own native city, though small it may be, to embellish.	All now must be other and tasteful,  So they call it; and white are the laths and benches of wood-work;  Everything simple and smooth; no carving longer or gilding  Can be endured, and the woods from abroad are of all the most costly.	Modestly then did the son to the urgent father answer;  "Truly 'twas my wish too, as well as thine own, to have chosen  One of our neighbor's daughters, for we had been brought up together;  Played, in the early days, about the market-place fountain;  And, from the other boys' rudeness, I often have been their defender.	But when I look at the dwelling behind, where up in the gable  We can distinguish the window that marks my room in the attic;  When I look back, and remember how many a night from that window  I for the moon have watched; for the sun, how many a morning!	Suffer me, then, to go hence wherever despair shall impel me:  Since by my father himself the decisive words have been spoken;  Since his house can no longer be mine if he shut out the maiden,  Her whom alone as my bride I desire to bring to our dwelling."	And I was vexed when I saw it,--it wounded my pride; but more deeply  Felt I aggrieved that they the good-will should so far misinterpret  That in my heart I bore them,--especially Minna the youngest.	Long since my house was smiling upon me in modish apparel!	Go back!	we a maiden have here descried in the neighboring garden,  Under an apple-tree sitting, and making up garments for children  "Out of second-hand stuff that somebody doubtless has given;  And we were pleased with her aspect: she seems like a girl to be trusted.	Greatly was courtesy valued among our neighbors the Frenchmen,  During their earlier days; it was common to noble and burgher,  As to the peasant, and every one made it the rule of his household.	Tell us whatever thou knowest: we ask it with honest intentions."	As by the house we straightway can tell the mind of the master,  So, when we walk through a city, we judge of the persons who rule it.	Hasten and show us in this a proof of the wisdom we honor."	These had been lost, hitherto, from the sight of their sorrowing mother;  But in the midst of the crowd the old man now had descried them.	would not comfort my sorrow.	Yea, I could even believe I were speaking with Joshua or Moses."	Out from the veil, now here and now there, with fiery flashes,  Gleaming over the field shot forth the ominous lightning.	Gentle, he is; I am sure now his little excitement is over,  And he can feel how unjust his passion has made him to others.	All such affairs were then conducted in regular fashion.	Thou has pitied me often thyself; for much did I suffer,  Ever remembering with cordial respect the kindness of parents,  Solely intent on increasing for us their goods and possessions,  Much denying themselves in order to save for their children.	"Tell us," the pastor returned, "what legerdemain he made use of."	Thereupon smiling the father replied: "Thus love I to hear thee!	But I now am come hither to tell thee  What is their wish as mine.--Forgive me my stammering language."	Besides we know that his wrath after dinner,--  When he most hastily speaks, and questions all others' opinions,--  Signifies naught; the full force of his violent will is excited  Then by the wine, which lets him not heed the language of others;  None but himself does he see and feel.	And to her question made answer the good and intelligent Hermann:  "Ah, what wisdom thou showest, thou good, thou excellent maiden,  Asking thus first of all concerning the tastes of my parents!	Eager and voluble then the women embraced Dorothea;  Hermann drew her away; but other adieus must be spoken:  Lastly the children with cries fell upon her and terrible weeping,  Clung to her garments, and would not their dear second mother should leave them.	But that thou straightway the reason mayst know for which I am hither  Come to draw, where pure and unfailing the water is flowing,  This I must tell thee,--that all the water we have in the village  Has by improvident people been troubled with horses and oxen  Wading direct through the source which brings the inhabitants water.	But I was ever aware, and now my heart gives me assurance,  That till the hour appointed is come, and the maiden appointed  Shall with the hour appear, the choice will be left for the future,  While more strong than all else will be fear of grasping the wrong one.	But who would look at it now!	CLIO THE AGE  Now when the foreign judge had been by the minister questioned  As to his people's distress, and how long their exile had lasted,  Thus made answer the man: "Of no recent date are our sorrows;  Since of the gathering bitter of years our people have drunken,--  Bitterness all the more dreadful because such fair hope had been blighted.	Quietly then, and with serious words, the son made him answer:  "If I have acted as ye will commend, I know not; but I followed  That which my heart bade me do, as I shall exactly relate you.	And at the end of the city the flames began, and went coursing  Quickly along the streets, creating a draught in their passage.	The father, however; in passion  After him called, "Yes, go, thou obstinate fellow!	Rather than ever to-day would I make up my mind to be married:  Many a worthy maiden is needing a husband's protection,  And the man needs an inspiriting wife when ill is impending."	Yet thou appearest ill fitted for this, since already so deeply  Stung by the father's jests: whereas there is nothing more common  Than for a girl to be teased on account of a youth she may fancy."	Great are the panes in the windows; and how the glass sparkles and glitters,  Casting quite into the shade the rest of the market-place houses!	Then with serious look the magistrate answered him, saying:  "Truly our times might well be compared with all others in strangeness,  Which are in history mentioned, profane or sacred tradition;  For who has yesterday lived and to-day in times like the present,  He has already lived years, events are so crowded together.	how camest thou hither?"	Both of the water-jars then in silence she took by the handle,  Carried them up the steps, while behind her followed her lover.	Nay, I assure thee that never before have words such as these are  Freely dropped from my tongue, which is not accustomed to prattle;  But from out of my bosom thou lurest its every secret.	Death cannot frighten the crowd: one multitude follows another.	Thus he spoke and listened; for now was heard in the distance  Clattering of horses' hoofs drawing near, and the roll of the wagon,  Which, with furious haste, came thundering under the gateway.	Arm and foot, besides, have been mightily strengthened by labor.	"That will I gladly relate, for all may draw from it a lesson;"  So made the neighbor reply.	No: man has need of patience, and needful to him are also  Calmness and clearness of mind, and a pure and right understanding.	Cheerfully said in reply the excellent pastor, and kindly:  "Keep thyself firm in the faith, and firm abide in this temper;  For it makes steadfast and wise when fortune is fair, and when evil,  Furnishes sweet consolation and animates hopes the sublimest."	Many the things I had done; but then the cost of such changes  Who does not fear, especially now in this season of danger?	Hark to me, mother: for I in the depths of my heart am determined  Quickly to do, and at once, what appears to me right and in reason;  For he chooses not always the best who longest considers.	Genuine love matures in a moment the youth into manhood;  He is not easily moved; and I fear that if this be refused him,  Sadly his years will go by, those years that should be the fairest,"  Straightway then in a thoughtful tone the doctor made answer,  On whose tongue for a long time past the words had been trembling:  "Pray let us here as before pursue the safe middle course only.	And in an instant my heart had decided, and quietly driving  After the maiden, I soon overtook her, and said to her quickly:  'Hearken, good maiden;--my mother packed up not linen-stuffs only  Into the carriage, that I should have clothes to furnish the naked;  Wine and beer she added besides, and supply of provisions:  Plenty of all these things I have in the box of the carriage.	Little enough, it is true; but even that little is precious.	Strange it was for her to seek him; he never had gone to a distance  That he told her not first, to spare his affectionate mother  Every anxious thought, and fear that aught ill had befallen.	Thou, too, excellent man!"	Men will always be hasty, their thoughts to extremes ever running:  Easily out of their course the hasty are turned by a hindrance.	Then I rose hastily up, with a yearning the place to revisit  Whereon our dwelling had stood, and to see if the hens had been rescued,  Which I especially loved, for I still was a child in my feelings.	Always majestic it seemed, and my mind and spirit exalted.	For who acknowledges not, that since our dread conflagration,  When he so hardly chastised us, he now is continually blessing,  Constantly shielding, as man the apple of his eye watches over,  Holding it precious and dear above all the rest of his members?	Every one uses his own; in his own individual fashion,  Each must be happy and good.	So they arose from their seats, and over the cornfields descended,  Through the luxuriant grain, enjoying the brightness of evening,  Until they came to the vineyard, and so entered into its shadow.	with delight I perceive that my Hermann  Has the good taste of his father, who often showed his in his young days,  Leading out always the fairest to dance, and bringing the fairest  Finally home as his wife; our dear little mother here that was.	Thereupon followed the war, and armed bodies of Frenchmen  Pressed to us nearer; yet nothing but friendship they seemed to be bringing;  Ay, and they brought it too; for exalted the spirit within them:  They with rejoicing the festive trees of liberty planted,  Promising every man what was his own, and to each his own ruling.	E'en as far off as they then were, the doctor began to address him;  But they were presently nearer come and then the good pastor  Grasped his hand and exclaimed, interrupting the word of his comrade:  "Hail to thee, O young man!	On them without delay the shining bits he adjusted,  Hastily drew the straps through the buckles of beautiful plating,  Firmly fastened then the long broad reins, and the horses  Led without to the court-yard, whither the willing assistant  Had with ease, by the pole, already drawn forward the carriage.	For who among us has means for paying the work-people's wages  Lately I had an idea of giving the Archangel Michael,  Making the sign of my shop, another fresh coating of gilding,  And to the terrible dragon about his feet that is winding;  But I e'en let him stay browned as he is: I dreaded the charges."	Denser soon grew the press.	Rich is the man, I can tell thee.	Let not man prattle of freedom, as if himself he could govern!	Know that 'tis not as a lover that I have brought hither the maiden;  But she believes that as servant she comes to the house, and I tremble  Lest in displeasure she fly as soon as there's mention of marriage.	But who can do as the merchant does, who, with his resources,  Knows the methods as well by which the best is arrived at?