The second day to see the elephant: how I pitied this noble animal, cooped up under the command of a scarcely human creature, who had not half as much reason as himself.	I believe that he was much attached to her, and deeply mortified at her refusal.	I do not think she repented of her refusal, or regretted her decision; she was well aware that she could not have made him happy, that she would not have suited his position at the Court of Stockholm, and that her want of beauty might have diminished his attachment.	Lovell: "A head--and a heart, sir."	Early next morning my father and mother, on two Welsh ponies, trotted off to see Lord Penrhyn's slate quarries.	The Edinburgh review of her book has well prepared all the world for her.	His Daniel Cooper was given in an excellent style, and was loudly encored.	This is the new name instead of the Telegraph, because of its allusion to the logographic printing press, which prints words instead of letters.	2, 1800._ My mother has had a sore throat, and Aunt Charlotte and Honora have had feverish attacks, and John Jenkins has had fever, so that my father was obliged to remove him to his own house in the village.	A maid at the hotel at Dunkirk said to me, "Ah!	1776; d. unmarried, 1841.	No mortal could ever have guessed that he was an invalid, if they had only _heard_ him _speak._ Just as I had here stopped writing my father came out of his room, looking wretchedly, but ordered the carriage, and said he would go to Longford to see Mr. Fallon about materials for William's bridge.	And when she died her coffin was, to avoid the crooked passages, taken out of the window.]	She went a journey when she was thirteen, with Doctor and Mrs. Beaufort and my mother, and they are the only people in this country who can and will swear _to_ her and _for_ her.	I forgot to tell you that we spent a delightful day, or remnant of a day, on our return from the Priory, at Mr. Strutt's.	*       *       *       *       * The play mentioned in the foregoing letter was twice acted in January 1799, with great applause, under the title of _Whim for Whim._ Mr. Edgeworth's mechanism for the scenery, and for the experiments tried on the children, were most ingenious.	Lady Davy is in high glory at this moment, introducing Madame de Staël everywhere, enjoying the triumph and partaking the gale.	Mr. Ward was Under-secretary of State during a great part of Pitt's administration, and has been one of the Lords of the Admiralty, and is now Clerk of the Ordnance, and has been sent to Ireland to reform abuses in the Ordnance.	But faith, great faith, is I believe necessary to produce any effect upon the drinkers, and I have seen some of the adventurous philosophers who sought in vain for satisfaction in the bag of _Gaseous Oxyd_, and found nothing but a sick stomach and a giddy head.	It goes over to-night to Johnson, but how long it will remain with him before you see it in print I cannot divine.	We went; fine large hall, ranged with green benches like a lecture room: raised platform at one end for the _performers_: arm-chairs for the Royal Dukes, and common chairs for common men.	I even like Miss Berry much the better for the manner in which she has edited this book.	Here is a fine sentence!	The _Pre_--the Chevalier, is beautifully drawn--   A prince: ay, every inch a prince!	the distinctness of the parts!	Dumont read it as well as Tessier could have read it; but there were things which seemed as if they were written on purpose for the Célibataire who was listening, and the Célibataire who was reading.	[Footnote: Mr. Edgeworth's second daughter Emmeline.]	He lives in a wretched house, and we went up dirty stairs, through dirty passages, where I wondered how fine ladies' trains and noses could go, and were received in a dark small den by the philosopher, or rather dévot, for he spurns the name of philosopher: he was in a dirty reddish night-gown, and very dirty nightcap bound round the forehead with a superlatively dirty chocolate-coloured ribbon.	Perhaps we may be detained here for some days, as the wind is directly against us; but we have no reason to lament, as we are in Grandsire's excellent house, and have books and thoughts enough to occupy us.	Her daughter, Madame Gautier, gains upon our esteem every day.	Amongst the many kindnesses my father has shown me, the greatest, I think, has been his permitting me to see his heart _à découverte_; and I have seen, by your kind sincerity and his, that, in good and cultivated minds, love is no _idle_ passion, but one that inspires useful and generous energy.	I have just risen from my bed, where I had been a day and a half with a violent headache and pains, or as John Langan calls them, _pins_ in my bones.	took leave of home, and set out for Edinburgh.	Has Maria told you that she has had her _Belinda_ translated into French by the young Count de Segur, an amiable young man of one of the most ancient families of France, married to a grand-daughter of the Chancellor d'Aguesseau?	In a stupid or indolent family, your knowledge and talents would be thrown away; here, if it may be said without vanity, they will be the certain source of your daily happiness.	I am sorry to say that, from these last accounts of the pinna and his cancer friend, Dr. Darwin's beautiful description is more poetic than accurate.	I wish you had been here, for I think you would have been entertained much, not only by his conversation, but by his character; I never saw a man who had lived in the world so anxious about the opinions which are formed of him by those with whom he is conversing, so quick at discovering, by the countenance and by _implication_, what is thought of him, or so incessantly alert in guarding all the suspected places in your opinion.	EDGEWORTHSTOWN, _June 1, 1805._ My father's birthday was kept yesterday, much more agreeably than last year, for then we had company in the house.	EDGEWORTHSTOWN, _May 23, 1806._ I have been laughed at most unmercifully by some of the phlegmatic personages round the library table for my impatience to send you _The Mine._ "Do you think Margaret cannot live five minutes longer without it?	Breakfasted in company with Mr. Grainger: he has lived in very good company abroad, and told us a variety of entertaining anecdotes: Caulaincourt, now Due de Vincennes, was brought up in the family of the Prince de Condé, _l'enfant de la Maison_, the playfellow of the Due d'Enghien.	"She has a mother, ma'am," said the steward, "who is lying a-dying at Holyhead, and she frets greatly for her."	Nothing can be kinder than Lovell is to all of us.	Mr. Corrie drank tea, after the lecture, at Mr. Moilliet's--very agreeable benevolent countenance, most agreeable voice.	_July 24._ Mr. Strutt and his son have within these few minutes arrived here.	Pray, if you have an opportunity, read Haygarth's poem of "Greece."	_To_ MRS. RUXTON.	Now it is no easy thing for a French postillion to walk himself when he is in his boots: these boots are each as large and as stiff as a wooden churn, and when the man in his boots attempts to walk, he is more helpless than a child in a go-cart: he waddles on, dragging his boots after him in a way that would make a pig laugh.	Maria is writing a story, [Footnote: Miss Edgeworth made a sketch for the story of _Madame de Fleury_ about this time, but did not finish it till long afterwards.	As long as there is any one worth your loving upon earth, you cannot be unhappy.	MRS. EDGEWORTH _to_ MRS. MARY SNEYD.	A lady told me it was "vraiment extraordinaire qu'un jeune homme comme lui ait de moeurs si exemplaires--et d'ailleurs on ne s'attend pas qu'un homme soit fidèle à une femme qui est plus agée que lui: mais si agée aussi!	I believe that old castles interest one by calling up ideas of past times, which are in such strong contrast with the present.	It was ingenious to make them in the shape of fish, because their motions exactly resemble the breathing, and panting, and floundering, and tail-curling of fish; and I am sure I have tired you with them, and you will be sick of these fish.	Yesterday Sneyd, now at home for his vacation, who is ever the promoter of gaiety, contrived a pretty little _fête champêtre_, which surprised us all most agreeably.	The morning after Mr. Standish's arrival, Lady Stafford's maid told her that she and all the ladies' maids had been taken by his _gentleman_ to see his toilette--"which, I assure you, my lady, is the thing best worth seeing in this house, all of gilt plate, and I wish, my lady, you had such a dressing box."	He was an amiable and benevolent man, so eager against the slave-trade, that when he drank tea with us, he always brought some East India sugar, that he might not share our wickedness in eating that made by the negro slave.	I have read _Corinne_ with my father, and I like it better than he does.	I liked the glass doors opening to the gardens at the end, and trees in full leaf.	Sneyd is delighted with the four volumes of _Evenings at Home_, which we have just got, and has pitched upon the best stories, which he does not, like M. Dalambert, spoil in the reading--"Perseverance against Fortune," "The Price of a Victory," and "Capriole."	opening into a lawn-garden, with terraces and conservatories, and a profusion of flowers and shrubs.	cured of his wounds, simple in his manners, like all truly great men.	She met Sneyd in Dublin; has been lately at Kilkenny, and admired Mr. Rothe's acting of Othello.	He was charmed with old Dr. Burney, who at eighty-two was the most lively, well-bred, agreeable man in the room.	_was_ at Etruria: came last night, would stay but one day.	One of our greatest pleasures has been the hearing everybody, from Edward upwards, speak of Sneyd and William with such affection, and with such knowledge of their characters.	Buonaparte rode down the lines on a fine white Spanish horse.	We saw one of these, a teacher at one of the chief Academies, and my father, who was standing near him, heard him, after having been talking on several most amusing and interesting subjects, give one of the deepest sighs he ever heard.	and the under-master came forward and said any number that came into his head.	Sneyd [Footnote: Second son of Mrs. Elizabeth Edgeworth.]	But then how can I do that, when I did not go there myself?	Half of _Professional Education_ is printed.	Almost all the people in this town sat up last night to _receive_ the earthquake.	There is indeed uncommon art in the manner in which his dignity is preserved by his courage and magnanimity, in spite of all his pedantry and his _ridicules_, and his bear and bootjack, and all the raillery of M'Ivor.	My father has taken me into a new partnership--we are writing a comedy: will you come and see it acted?	_To_ MISS HONORA EDGEWORTH (the second sister in the family of the name).	I was told by several persons of rank and taste--Lady Rancliffe, the Countess de Salis, Lady Granard, Mrs. Sneyd Edgeworth, _and_ a Polish Countess, that my sister's dress, the grand affair at Paris, was _perfection_, and I believed it!	Wonderfully changed and enlarged, it became the residence of Madame de Pompadour.	only because it is cheap and respectable.	What one invents, another can detect and imitate."	I thought the pulse was the cause of their motion, but this does not hold, because my pulse is slow, and my father's very quick.	Tell me what you are saying and doing, and above all where you are going.	How the company divides and changes itself I am not at present supposed to know, for young M. Pictet has seated himself between my mother and me, and has a long conversation with me, in which Madame Grivel now and then joins: she is on the other side of me.	Whenever Nature gives false letters of recommendation, she swindles in the most abominable manner.