To lessen this risk as far as possible, Don Diego directed at first a southerly and then a westerly course; and so, taking a line midway between the islands of Tobago and Grenada, they won safely through the danger-zone and came into the comparative security of the Caribbean Sea.	“But it must be contrived, nevertheless.	While you waste your time here, the hours are passing!	He had succeeded so well in his intentions that he had aroused no suspicion until he saluted the fort at short range with a broadside of twenty guns.	Meanwhile Ogle was growing impatient.	And in that case where was the genius that would have turned the tables on these rascally Spaniards?” “Why speak of it now?” Mr.	Thoughtfully he rubbed his chin.	The comedy was ended.	The three vessels to which he confined it were the Arabella, the La Foudre, which Cahusac now commanded with a contingent of some sixscore Frenchmen, and the Santiago, which had been refitted and rechristened the Elizabeth, after that Queen of England whose seamen had humbled Spain as Captain Blood now hoped to humble it again.	But what of me?” Cahusac, with the pearls clutched in his capacious hand, stepped up to him on the other side.	His lordship was past amazement.	He raised his voice in answering.	And in all this time not a single shot had the Spaniards contrived to fire, so completely had they been taken by surprise, and so swift and paralyzing had been Blood's stroke.	There is war--formally war--between France and Spain in Europe.	“You have a good opinion of yourself.” “On the contrary.	“Our brief separation has been mighty profitable,” was Captain Blood's greeting.	“A man must sometimes laugh at himself or go mad,” said he.	Then, in an even quieter voice than before, Miss Bishop asked: “Who killed him?” Pitt answered readily.	“It's a busy morning we've both had.” He was in high good-humour as he led the way to the great cabin for a rendering of accounts.	It was, he declared afterwards, one of the bitterest moments in his career.	He conceived the scorn with which she would come to hear of his having turned pirate, and the scorn, though as yet no more than imagined, hurt him as if it were already a reality.	Did he say the girl was present, too?” “Yes.	Wolverstone laughed again, whereat his lordship flushed.	It's our only chance, I've said, and we must take it.” The better way that was in Captain Blood's mind was the way that already he had proposed to Wolverstone.	Her inconsiderate brother might have ruined that romantic scene but for the watchful Cahusac, who quietly tripped him up, and then trussed him like a fowl.	Miss Bishop sat bemused, her brows knit, her brooding glance seeming to study the fine Spanish point that edged the tablecloth.	M. d'Ogeron had not troubled to restrain his high-pitched voice, and the Captain had overheard the Frenchman's last two sentences.	Mr.	He cursed all things that daggled petticoats, and, knowing his world, waited for the sickness to pass.	“Ye don't know Colonel Bishop, that's clear.	Quickly, but eloquently, Blood expressed his thanks, where he knew that no thanks were due.	Then-- “By God!” he roared.	And what would Governor Steed do, then?” “Ye're not the only doctor on the island.” Mr.	“Well, well--as I said before--praemonitus, praemunitus.	We fell in with old Don Miguel, and when we'd scuttled him we took aboard a London pimp sent out by the Secretary of State to offer the Captain the King's commission if so be him'd quit piracy and be o' good behaviour.	In an unsteady hand he wrote that summons to his officers.	But what is it, in reality, will you tell me?	His mouth fell open.	Then letting his arms fall helplessly to his sides in dejection, he departed.	“Nay, sir, that is an evasion.	Don Miguel swore profanely, and then, as the helm was put over to swing her back to her course, his own prow replied.	He doffed his hat and stood aside to give her passage.	The doctor was kept in constant attendance upon him until long after midnight, when at last he was able to ease the sufferer a little by a bleeding.	But the next man, a middle-aged Colossus named Wolverstone, who had lost an eye at Sedgemoor, drew his regard, and the haggling was recommenced.	It would ruin me.	“Sure, I walked into a trap, as ye feared, Jeremy,” Blood hailed him.	Peter watched her departure.	And then they understood.	True that at last, after long time, we catch the Deputy-Governor; true, we make him pay big ransom for Gibraltar; true between that ransom and the loot we return here with some two thousand pieces of eight.	Another in your place....” “Faith, now, don't I know what another would have said?	Of Hagthorpe, Yberville, and Wolverstone who stood ranged behind their captain, he took no heed whatever.	Levasseur dashed one hand against the other, as if dusting them.	She made a little impatient movement with her hand, and looked away from him a moment, out to sea.	I am sorry I should have been sought....” “Aye, and you'll be sorrier yet.	He turned again to face Miss Bishop.	“Now we come to it.	He noted the sheen of her red-brown hair, and how gracefully one of its heavy ringlets coiled upon her slender, milk-white neck.	“That is yet to be proved in action,” said he.	I've no doubt at all the Spanish Admiral will welcome the abatement of our numbers even at this late date.	“And I'll be wishing ye both a very good day.” He swept off his feathered hat, and made them a leg very elegantly.	Then he fingered the muscles of the young man's arm, and bade him open his mouth that he might see his teeth.	Remembering it, he went off at the double, despite his bulk and the heat, his negroes trotting after him.	As she lay awake, idly watching the rippled green water that appeared to be streaming past the heavily glazed porthole, she became gradually aware of the sounds of swift, laboured bustle--the clatter of many feet, the shouts of hoarse voices, and the persistent trundlings of heavy bodies in the ward-room immediately below the deck of the cabin.	As he advanced, Bishop turned to regard him, scowling.	His voice sank again.	Over his shoulder Captain Blood observed her approach.	Nuttall passed on, upon the understanding that he would go.	His eyes took in the situation at a glance, as Captain Blood rose to greet him.	“I can't think that it would make the least difference if he did,” said his lordship gravely.	“That offer I rejected, as his lordship will tell you, deeming myself affronted by it.	Lord Julian span round, to face him, and clapped a hand to his sword.	“Truss him, wrist and heel, but don't hurt him--not so much as a hair of his precious head.” The injunction was very necessary.	Her beak-head was in splinters, and a shot had smashed through into the great cabin, reducing it to wreckage.	“You misunderstand,” he said, swallowing his rage.	The Supreme Council of Castile might anon condemn him for his practices.	I know my duty to my King, and I intend to perform it.	And there was occasion for it.	But he left it there.	One of the Spaniards had fled from the combat, and if the Pride of Devon had not given chase it was probably because she was by then in no case to do so.	Thus, almost silently without challenge or exchange of signals, had action been mutually determined.	He stepped forward swinging his light bamboo cane.	“It's close upon a month since last I saw you.” “Twenty-one days to the hour,” said he.	“I marvel that I don't pistol you without more ado, ye fat blackguard.