He engaged a reservation for him on a steamer sailing for Africa, and returned to the hotel at nine o'clock ready to leave for Fort Hamilton.	The firing on Fort Sumter was not the first shot by the Secessionists.	His embarrassment had gone.	We vote only as citizens of a State.	"Colonel Washington is now their prisoner?"	Within striking distance of Brown's island Colonel Sumner encountered General Whitfield, a Southern Member of Congress, at the head of a squadron of avengers, two hundred and fifty strong, heavily armed and well mounted.	The strongest personalities of our world-conquering race of Nordic freemen are always hunters.	You know that as well as I do.	The second day was one of frightful slaughter.	Virginia has seceded.	For a moment it seemed that a pitched battle before the dais of the Speaker was inevitable.	He had never seen a human eye that threw at an enemy a look quite so disconcerting.	He extended his hand and grasped hers in quick sympathy.	He was pacing the floor of the parlor of the New Astor House awaiting the arrival of his friend, Congressman Gerrit Smith, for a conference before the meeting scheduled for eight o'clock.	"Oh, Mim dear, you mustn't worry so!"	"That you bring your banjo and play for me when I ask you."	It is evident from this letter of F. B. Sanborn to Higginson that even Sanborn had not penetrated the veil of the old Puritan's soul.	"There's but one thing for me to decide, Annie--my duty."	And you're mine."	Even so conservative a paper as the Boston _Transcript_ said: "Whatever may be his guilt or folly, a man convicted under such circumstances, and, especially, a man executed after such a trial, will be the most terrible fruit that Slavery has ever borne, and will excite the execration of the civilized world."	Unless the nation had already gone mad they felt that in his triumph they would be safe from the Red Menace which stalked through their crowded hall.	"The infamous resolution demanding that Kansas be made a white man's country and no negro, bond or free, shall ever be allowed to enter it?"	They got six good horses, their harness and wagons, a lot of bedding, clothing and provisions, but no jewelry except two plain silver watches.	The flowers were blooming in the hedges.	He'll be awful proud of the honor, sir."	They were opening the first of those long, deep trenches.	Cook, who had spent nearly a year among the people and knew these slaves best, was the one man who held a doubt.	"I'll bring it if you like."	"I'll bet they've thousands of them somewhere back in these hills," Stuart added.	He mounted his horse and rode swiftly through the beautiful spring morning toward Richmond--and Immortality.	"What would he do?"	He turned to Owen.	They were all against me when I removed him.	Lieutenant Stuart would come on horseback and the ring of his horse's hoofs could be heard for half a mile.	Slavery was protected by the Constitution.	On the first of July it ended at Malvern Hill on the banks of the James.	"Unofficially--" "Oh--" "But with his full knowledge and consent."	"Why the devil didn't he come with us?"	Ye see, sah, a long time ergo when I wuz young an' strong ez er bull, one er dese here uppish niggers come ter our house drivin' a carriage frum Westover on de James, an' 'gin ter brag 'bout his folks bein' de bes' blood er ole Virginia.	That my wife and children may wander homeless, dependent on the charity or courtesy of friends.	He looked a rough, hard-working old farmer.	"I came by special train, sir--an engine and coach.	You keep dat one, please, sah."	Within twenty-four hours he had made friends with the widow and every boarder in the house.	These men not only read Burke and Hume, Dickens and Scott, they read the newspapers of England and they kept up with the program of English political parties as their fathers had.	The Court ordered him to be brought in on his cot.	She not only had to watch for foes from without, but she was also the guard set over the restless "invisible" upstairs.	The headquarters had a garrulous old woman for a neighbor.	Sixty cents a day would pay his room rent and give him barely enough food to keep body and soul together.	Douglas was shocked.	Green clubbed his sword and rained blow after blow on his head.	In general appearance he was dilapidated, dusty, and soiled.	"The States have been knit together slowly, but inevitably by steam and electricity.	And I'm too big to cry."	"Well, no, not just that kind of a picnic."	But for John Brown's insane act it could have been avoided.	"Is yer gwine ter write one fer my young Marse Robbie?"	They discussed the changes in the fortunes of their mutual friends.	Five times the Union hosts charged these crescent hills and five times they were rolled back in waves of blood.	He knew it.	"That's funny," he mused.	Under Slave labor the South is growing poorer daily.	He slipped the bolt out instead of in!	He was compelled to lie and deny his guilt except to his own flesh and blood.	Go it!"	The young cavalier was in the East celebrating the birth of a baby boy.	His apparent strength of character was in reality weakness, an incapacity to master himself or control his criminal impulses.	"Well, for those who like that kind of book--it's the kind of book they will like."	"I'm just so happy, I reckon," he answered seriously.	The secret of his power lay in a mystic appeal to the Puritan conscience.	"I'm a goner."	"The arrest of the men for whom I have warrants."	The massacres would be sweeping through Virginia, North and South Carolina before an adequate force could reach this mountain pass.	She rose at dawn.	"I'm going to ask you to witness what I'm about to do, Ruffin.	she fairly screamed in his face.	The match was not equal.	I'm just a poor, heart-broken wife!"	While slavery is scratching the surface of our soil with old-fashioned plows, while we quit work at twelve o'clock every Saturday, spend our Sundays at church, and set two negroes to help one do nothing Monday morning, the North is sweeping onward in the science of agriculture.	The Puritan was born an Abolitionist.	"We'll mount the horses we have taken, and march single file.	"You'll not get any help, sir.	"Carefully.