This was her father's voice.	But, of course, if you don't want me----" "It ain't that," he interrupted quickly.	In a strip of shade under the eaves of the station sat the station agent, gazing drowsily from under the wide brim of his hat at the two glistening lines of steel that stretched into the interminable distance.	It would not fade.	Sheila felt herself swaying and tried to grasp the end of the seat to steady herself.	Dakota's lips curled a little.	Assuredly you would not allow Dakota to go unpunished?"	"Don't you see?"	"You've said something.	He tapped his gun holster significantly.	Blanca had run his iron on them an' sold them to Dakota for Star stock.	And I told the parson to get out of the country, so he wouldn't do any gassing about it.	"Please don't bother," she said.	"Yes," returned Dakota, a slow, grimly humorous smile reaching his face, "it was a mistake.	Moulin looked searchingly at Dakota, saw that he was in earnest, and suddenly reached a hand over the bar.	"Meaning that I'm afraid of him, I reckon?"	One morning, however, she rode up to the door of the cabin and Doubler's face was serious.	"I have not forgotten it.	That's why I rode over here--to see if you'd got it.	Five years ago, after the spring round-up, I branded a bunch of calves with a secret mark, and then we rode sign on Blanca.	Maybe he'll be proving that he didn't mean to skin me on that deal."	She quickly grew to like Doubler.	Her father was there, she observed, as she drew nearer; and three strangers--and Allen!	He smiled significantly at Sheila, and an odd expression came into her face, for she remembered that on the night of her coming he had made the same remark.	"I wouldn't think of allowing one of the men to take the pony back.	Two weeks had passed since Duncan had told her of his suspicions, and they had been two weeks of constant worry and dread to her.	The sarcasm in this last brought a dark red into Duncan's face, but he successfully concealed his resentment and smiled.	"She told you, then?"	I expect he's been fillin' your dad up."	You can get some fresh after a while.	Dusk had come; above her countless stars flickered in the deep blue of the sky.	"Still, you couldn't expect to look dignified, no matter how hard you tried, after being dragged through the water like that.	He jerked his thumb in the direction of the river trail, on which Dakota had vanished some time before.	"But those that you have seen?"	His manner, too, was ingratiating; he smiled too much to suit her; his presumption of proprietorship over her irritated her not a little.	Then, after receiving from him some sign which would convince her, she would take her belongings and depart for the East, leaving him to his own devices.	But, thank God, my dear, I have not that crime to answer for.	Dakota's laugh when he returned the knife to the box chilled Sheila as that same laugh had chilled her when she had heard it during her first night in the country--in this same cabin, with Dakota sitting at the table--a bitter, mocking laugh that had in it a savagery controlled by an iron will.	"Meaning?"	Sheila's defense of Dakota seemed to indicate that a certain intimacy existed between them.	I am going to him--to stay with him until the doctor arrives.	Instantly he stepped inside the cabin door, reappearing immediately, holding a rifle.	She supposed that he had grown tired of the unceasing bustle and activity of city life, as had she, and longed for something different, and she had been quite as eager as he to take up her residence here.	"My--Mr. Langford," returned Sheila.	Told folks he didn't have any desire to send the gambler over the divide; just wanted to show him that when he was playin' with fire he ought to be careful.	"Now, you don't look dignified, for a fact," he grinned, brazenly allowing his mirth to show in his eyes and in the sudden, curved lines that had come around his mouth.	On the morning of the fifth day after his adventure with Doubler he was sitting on the ranchhouse gallery with Duncan, enjoying an after-breakfast cigar, when he said casually to the latter: "I take it that folks in this country are mighty careless with their weapons."	There was a small clearing there--a clearing in a dense wood beside a river--the same river which she could have seen below her now, had she looked.	"I didn't know you were so blood-thirsty as that," he laughed in quiet mockery.	"And I suppose you have a corner on all the knowledge of ranch life," suggested Sheila sarcastically.	I sent him for you.	You're in something of a hurry, it seems."	"I know what Duncan's friendship amounts to," he said harshly.	The day before she had spoken to Langford concerning the continued presence of Duncan on their rides, and he had laughed at her, assuring her that Duncan was not a "bad fellow," and though she had not taken issue with him on this point she had decided that hereafter, in self protection, she would discontinue her rides with her father as long as he was accompanied by the former owner.	"Yes.	Nor was she surprised to discover that he had dropped pretense altogether--he was bound to do that sooner or later.	"So he wasn't a rustler, after all?"	While Sheila watched the man's lips opened; she could hear the words that came through them--she would never forget them: "To have and to hold from this day forth ... till death do you part...." It was not a dream, it was the picture of an actual occurrence.	She took a step toward the door, but halted before reaching it, turning to look back at him.	Equivocation would have taken him safely away from the pitfall into which his rash words had almost plunged him, but he felt that any evasion now would only bring scorn into the eyes which he wished to see alight with something else.	Once over the crossing and on the river trail where the riding was better, she held the pony to an even, steady pace.	But it's a fact, just the same.	It might be restored, patched so that it would resemble its original shape, but never again would it appear the same in her eyes.	For some minutes she sat motionless in the saddle, stunned and nerveless.	"You are mistaken."	She must be brave now, for there might still be life in Doubler's body, and she went slowly toward him, cringing and shrinking, along the wall of the cabin.	"A month."	"There ought to be a good many ways of making it plain to Doubler that he isn't wanted in this section of the country," he insinuated.	"I don't see why father should want your land," Sheila told him gravely, much disturbed at this unexpected development.	"Meanin' that Langford's been to see Dakota?"	I've seen Dakota throw down on a man so quick that it would make you dizzy."	That is what has happened here.	Why didn't you let him die?	Dakota only made him feel cheap.	They can't do anything until Doubler dies."	"Well, it isn't so bad, after all.	For the trail to the river, which she had decided she would follow, led through a fertile country where the bunch grass grew long and green, the barren stretches of alkali were infrequent, and where the low wooded hills and the shallow gullies seemed to hint at the mystery.	She regarded him with a sudden, new interest.	Taken altogether, it seemed that Duncan's present suspicions were the result of his dislike, or fear, of Dakota.	The country does not appear to be densely populated.	The parson fumbled in a pocket, drawing out a folded paper.	"Keep it for me, ma'am," he said with a cold chuckle.	"Don't, please," she said.