I was mistaken, it is true, but I believed myself right."	In his last letter he actually gave me some particulars of her behaviour at Langford, such as he received from a gentleman who knew her perfectly well, which, if true, must raise abhorrence against her, and which Reginald himself was entirely disposed to credit.	Why do you require particulars?	My removal, therefore, which must, at any rate, take place soon, may, with perfect convenience, be hastened; and I make it my particular request that I may not in any way be instrumental in separating a family so affectionately attached to each other.	"Oh!"	I am persuaded the gout is brought on or kept off at pleasure; it was the same when I wanted to join the Hamiltons to the Lakes; and three years ago, when I had a fancy for Bath, nothing could induce him to have a gouty symptom.	XVI LADY SUSAN TO MRS. JOHNSON Churchhill.	Lady Susan finds it necessary that Frederica should be to blame, and probably has sometimes judged it expedient to excuse her of ill-nature and sometimes to lament her want of sense.	Leave Frederica, therefore, to punish herself for the plague she has given you, by indulging that romantic tender-heartedness which will always ensure her misery enough, and come to London as soon as you can.	Poor Reginald was beyond measure concerned to see his fair friend in such distress, and watched her with so much tender solicitude, that I, who occasionally caught her observing his countenance with exultation, was quite out of patience.	I am pleased to find that my letter had so much effect on you, and that De Courcy is certainly your own.	from whence arose so astonishing a misconception of your daughter's feelings!	I think, my dear mother, you would not disapprove of her as a daughter.	It is surely my duty to discourage such romantic nonsense.	All is by this time known to De Courcy, who is now alone with Mr. Johnson.	I have sent Charles to town to make matters up if he can, for I do not by any means want her here.	I made no comments, however, for words would have been vain.	Lady Susan's intentions are of course those of absolute coquetry, or a desire of universal admiration; I cannot for a moment imagine that she has anything more serious in view; but it mortifies me to see a young man of Reginald's sense duped by her at all.	I may perhaps do no good but that of relieving my own mind by this letter, but I felt it my duty to tell you that your partiality for Lady Susan is no secret to your friends, and to warn you against her.	He is convinced that her attempt to run away proceeded from no, justifiable cause, and had no provocation.	but some people's feelings are incomprehensible.	Mistress of deceit, however, she appeared perfectly unconcerned, and after chatting on indifferent subjects for a short time, said to me, "I find from Wilson that we are going to lose Mr. De Courcy--is it true that he leaves Churchhill this morning?"	Your affectionate mother, C. DE COURCY.	XXIX LADY SUSAN VERNON TO MRS. JOHNSON Upper Seymour Street.	I am bewildered in my endeavours to form some rational conjecture of what Mrs. Mainwaring can have told you to occasion so extraordinary a change in your sentiments.	Such was the first distinguished exploit of Miss Frederica Vernon; and, if we consider that it was achieved at the tender age of sixteen, we shall have room for the most flattering prognostics of her future renown.	When she first came I was at some pains to prevent her seeing much of her aunt; but I have relaxed, as I believe I may depend on her observing the rules I have laid down for their discourse.	To our family she has always been represented in softened colours by the benevolence of Mr. Charles Vernon, and yet, in spite of his generous endeavours to excuse her, we know that she did, from the most selfish motives, take all possible pains to prevent his marriage with Catherine.	Upon the whole, I commend my own conduct in this affair extremely, and regard it as a very happy instance of circumspection and tenderness.	Far from me be all complaint, every sigh of regret.	Frederica makes me very unhappy!	He was actually on the point of leaving Churchhill!	She meant, I suppose, to go to the Clarkes in Staffordshire, for she has no other acquaintances.	Were you not blinded by a sort of fascination, it would be ridiculous in me to repeat the instances of great misconduct on her side so very generally known.	Adieu!	Her applying to Mr. De Courcy hurt me particularly."	I am sure of Sir James at any time, and could make him renew his application by a line.	She has been talking a great deal about it to me.	"Indeed, I did not doubt your kindness," said she, colouring again, "but I thought Mr. De Courcy could do anything with my mother; but I was mistaken: they have had a dreadful quarrel about it, and he is going away.	Artlessness will never do in love matters; and that girl is born a simpleton who has it either by nature or affectation.	I have never before mentioned the likelihood of its taking place to anyone, because I thought that whilst Frederica continued at school it had better not be known to exist; but now, as I am convinced that Frederica is too old ever to submit to school confinement, and have, therefore, begun to consider her union with Sir James as not very distant, I had intended within a few days to acquaint yourself and Mr. Vernon with the whole business.	Your friend Mr. Smith's story, however, cannot be quite correct, as she corresponds regularly with Mrs. Mainwaring.	This pathetic representation lasted the whole evening, and so ostentatious and artful a display has entirely convinced me that she did in fact feel nothing.	The girl whose heart can distinguish Reginald De Courcy, deserves, however he may slight her, a better fate than to be Sir James Martin's wife.	We must commit the event to a higher power.	I had scarcely concluded my last, when Wilson brought me word of it.	I am afraid I have often been too indulgent, but my poor Frederica's temper could never bear opposition well: you must support and encourage me; you must urge the necessity of reproof if you see me too lenient."	She has been sadly neglected, however, and her mother ought to remember it.	I made a point also of Frederica's behaving civilly to Sir James, and gave her to understand that I was absolutely determined on her marrying him.	I am equally confounded at HER impudence and HIS credulity.	Its effect on Reginald justifies some portion of vanity, for it was no less favourable than instantaneous.	You will, I am sure, my dear Sir, feel the truth of this, and will hereby learn to do justice to the character of a very injured woman.	Consideration and esteem as surely follow command of language as admiration waits on beauty, and here I have opportunity enough for the exercise of my talent, as the chief of my time is spent in conversation.	Mainwaring is just gone; he brought me the news of his wife's arrival.	When I wrote to you the other day I was, in truth, in high irritation, and with ample cause.	No; I am unalterably fixed on this point, though I have not yet quite decided on the manner of bringing it about.	If I am vain of anything, it is of my eloquence.	Mr. Vernon declares that he never saw deeper distress than hers, on the receipt of the letter; and is his judgment inferior to mine?	Be that as it may, however, Frederica is returned on my hands; and, having nothing else to employ her, is busy in pursuing the plan of romance begun at Langford.	She blushed deeply as she answered: "I was so unhappy about Sir James that I could not help--I have done something very wrong, I know; but you have not an idea of the misery I have been in: and mamma had ordered me never to speak to you or my uncle about it, and--" "You therefore spoke to my brother to engage his interference," said I, to save her the explanation.	Her power over him must now be boundless, as she has entirely effaced all his former ill-opinion, and persuaded him not merely to forget but to justify her conduct.	He then left me, and ran upstairs.	I shall probably put off his arrival under some pretence or other.	With feelings so poignant as mine, the conviction of having divided the son from his parents would make me, even with you, the most miserable of beings.	His opinion of her, I am sure, was as low as of any woman in England; and when he first came it was evident that he considered her as one entitled neither to delicacy nor respect, and that he felt she would be delighted with the attentions of any man inclined to flirt with her.	All this sounds very reasonable.	I must torment my sister-in-law for the insolent triumph of her look and manner since Sir James has been dismissed; for, in reconciling Reginald to me, I was not able to save that ill-fated young man; and I must make myself amends for the humiliation to which I have stooped within these few days.	But you are fitted for society, and it is shameful to have you exiled from it.	To the fortune of a wife, the goodness of my own will make me indifferent, but her family and character must be equally unexceptionable.	I want to make him sensible of all this, for we know the power of gratitude on such a heart as his; and could Frederica's artless affection detach him from her mother, we might bless the day which brought her to Churchhill.	I have not yet tranquillised myself enough to see Frederica.	If you will, therefore, have the unspeakably great kindness of taking my part with her, and persuading her to send Sir James away, I shall be more obliged to you than it is possible for me to express.	He is so extremely attached to my daughter that he could not exist longer without seeing her.	Good bye," he added, shaking my hand with earnestness; "I do not know when you will see me again; but remember what I tell you of Frederica; you MUST make it your business to see justice done her.	What could I do!	I am, &c., &c, REGINALD DE COURCY XIII LADY DE COURCY TO MRS. VERNON Parklands.	When I found that he was not to be laughed out of his design, I calmly begged an explanation, and desired to know by what he was impelled, and by whom commissioned, to reprimand me.	I am much obliged to you, my dear Friend, for your advice respecting Mr. De Courcy, which I know was given with the full conviction of its expediency, though I am not quite determined on following it.	He gives a very plausible account of her behaviour at Langford; I wish it may be true, but his intelligence must come from herself, and I am less disposed to believe it than to lament the degree of intimacy subsisting between them, implied by the discussion of such a subject.	We are very good friends, and though she never opens her lips before her mother, she talks enough when alone with me to make it clear that, if properly treated by Lady Susan, she would always appear to much greater advantage.	I have not a doubt but that the girl took this opportunity of making downright love to him.	She is exactly the companion for Mrs. Vernon, who dearly loves to be firm, and to have all the sense and all the wit of the conversation to herself: Frederica will never eclipse her.	"But what was this mistake to which your ladyship so often alludes!