The promise, therefore, was given, and must be performed.	"Not at all.	As soon as she met with Edmund she told him her distress.	He was a heavy young man, with not more than common sense; but as there was nothing disagreeable in his figure or address, the young lady was well pleased with her conquest.	And, by-the-by, you had better not invite her any more on that account, as I wish her to find her situation as unpleasant as possible.	"I was only going to observe, that though such unfortunate circumstances do sometimes occur both to men and women, I cannot imagine them to be very frequent.	On Thursday we have Company at home.	Her eagerness to be gone from Norland was preserved from diminution by the evident satisfaction of her daughter-in-law in the prospect of her removal; a satisfaction which was but feebly attempted to be concealed under a cold invitation to her to defer her departure.	I want you to call me something else, but I do not know what."	Why should not they explore to Box Hill though the Sucklings did not come?	In a few minutes they could distinguish him to be a gentleman; and in a moment afterwards Marianne rapturously exclaimed-- "It is he; it is indeed--I know it is!"	As Harriet described it, there had been an interesting mixture of wounded affection and genuine delicacy in their behaviour.	It was too early in the morning for visitors, and besides, the equipage did not answer to that of any of their neighbours.	"I am sure I shall break _mine_," said Lydia.	I have not thought well of him from the time of the play.	She was perfectly disposed to make every allowance for the colonel's advanced state of life which humanity required.	_You_ must have seen the difference as well as I.	Frank Churchill placed a word before Miss Fairfax.	If from no better motive, that he should not have been too proud to be dishonest--for dishonesty I must call it."	Mr.	"And I am sure I should never want to go there; for I am never happy but at Hartfield."	always my kindest friend on every occasion.	How did you all behave?	But as soon as I once found myself safely arrived in the inside of this tremendous building, I comforted myself with the hope of having my spirits revived, by the sight of two beautifull girls, such as the Miss Lesleys had been represented to me, at Edinburgh.	"He did not know what he was talking of, I dare say; ten to one but he was light-headed at the time.	"Oh!	Mrs. Churchill had been recommended to the medical skill of an eminent person there, and had otherwise a fancy for the place.	It had been a very happy fortnight, and forlorn must be the sinking from it into the common course of Hartfield days.	She had spent six weeks with great enjoyment; and the pleasure of being with Charlotte, and the kind attentions she had received, must make _her_ feel the obliged.	It is not the object of this work to give a description of Derbyshire, nor of any of the remarkable places through which their route thither lay; Oxford, Blenheim, Warwick, Kenilworth, Birmingham, etc.	But to live in ignorance on such a point was impossible; or at least it was impossible not to try for information.	If a part is insignificant, the greater our credit in making anything of it.	But though the conference had seemed full long to him, and though on looking at Fanny he saw rather a flush of vexation, he inclined to hope that so much could not have been said and listened to without some profit to the speaker.	She is gone out of harbour already; three days before we had any thought of it; and I do not know what I am to do about Sam's things, they will never be ready in time; for she may have her orders to-morrow, perhaps.	"Ah!	Sir Thomas gave up the point, foiled by her evasions, disarmed by her flattery; and was obliged to rest satisfied with the conviction that where the present pleasure of those she loved was at stake, her kindness did sometimes overpower her judgment.	Understanding and gratification came together.	I could have no right."	Let me recommend you, however, as a friend, not to give implicit confidence to all his assertions; for as to Mr. Darcy's using him ill, it is perfectly false; for, on the contrary, he has always been remarkably kind to him, though George Wickham has treated Mr. Darcy in a most infamous manner.	Yes, only ten days ago had he elated her by his pointed regard--had he even confused her by his too significant reference!	Miss Tilney drew back directly, and the heavy doors were closed upon the mortified Catherine, who, having seen, in a momentary glance beyond them, a narrower passage, more numerous openings, and symptoms of a winding staircase, believed herself at last within the reach of something worth her notice; and felt, as she unwillingly paced back the gallery, that she would rather be allowed to examine that end of the house than see all the finery of all the rest.	She longed to speak, but could think of nothing to say; and after a short silence Mrs. Bennet began repeating her thanks to Mr. Bingley for his kindness to Jane, with an apology for troubling him also with Lizzy.	Upon the whole, Emma left her with such softened, charitable feelings, as made her look around in walking home, and lament that Highbury afforded no young man worthy of giving her independence; nobody that she could wish to scheme about for her.	"She is walking, I believe."	She is going to London to see her particular friend, Mrs. Johnson.	She believed the regard to be mutual; but she required greater certainty of it to make Marianne's conviction of their attachment agreeable to her.	"Depend upon me--but ask no more questions.	Elizabeth reserved to herself the application for her mother's.	Henry Crawford gone, she could even pity her sister.	At the same time, do not forget my real interest; say all that you can to convince him that I shall be quite wretched if he remains here; you know my reasons--propriety, and so forth.	"Ah!	Yes, Friday or Saturday; she cannot say which, because Colonel Campbell will be wanting the carriage himself one of those days.	We must not _allow_ her to accept the part.	Do not you?	"Neither Madam; he was a Wine Merchant."	'The consequence,' said she, 'has been a state of perpetual suffering to me; and so it ought.	Catherine, delighted by all that had passed, proceeded gaily to Pulteney Street, walking, as she concluded, with great elasticity, though she had never thought of it before.	But I have not the least inclination to go near her.	Does he want a horse?	Darcy?"	Have all her friends left her?"	Sir Thomas paused, half smiled, glanced at his niece, and then gravely replied, "She will never leave us, I hope, till invited to some other home that may reasonably promise her greater happiness than she knows here."	there I am--thinking of him directly.	That tall, proud man."	A glimpse, as she passed through the hall, of the two ladies walking up from the Parsonage made no change in her wish of retreat, and she worked and meditated in the East room, undisturbed, for a quarter of an hour, when a gentle tap at the door was followed by the entrance of Miss Crawford.	"Come," said she, "I will tell you something, in return for what you have told me.	"I shall not ride to-morrow, certainly," said Fanny; "I have been out very often lately, and would rather stay at home.	"Now I must give one smirk, and then we may be rational again."	'Miss Woodhouse calls me the child of good fortune.'	She represented to her sister as forcibly as possible what she felt on the subject, and had soon the pleasure of seeing its happy effect.	His presence was beginning to be odious to her; and if Maria gained him not, she was now cool enough to dispense with any other revenge.	Don't scruple.	"Do come with me," said Mrs. Weston, "if it be not very disagreeable to you.	They have chosen almost as bad a play as they could, and now, to complete the business, are going to ask the help of a young man very slightly known to any of us.	Mr. Johnson and he are the greatest friends in the world.	Oh!	Poor Lydia's situation must, at best, be bad enough; but that it was no worse, she had need to be thankful.	They really go on Monday; and I was within a trifle of being persuaded to stay at Lessingby till that very day!	Her introductions and recommendations must all wait, and every projected party be still only talked of.	Mrs. Weston, if there were an account drawn up of the evil and the good I have done Miss Fairfax!--Well (checking herself, and trying to be more lively), this is all to be forgotten.	What say you all?	"My love, have you been asleep?"	Henry, who is in every other respect exactly what a brother should be, who loves me, consults me, confides in me, and will talk to me by the hour together, has never yet turned the page in a letter; and very often it is nothing more than--'Dear Mary, I am just arrived.