Even his famous cosmogonic guess, according to which water is the essence of all things and the primordial element out of which the earth was developed, is but an elaboration of the Babylonian conception.	Indeed, his work might almost be called an exposition of the astronomical doctrines of Hipparchus.	Diodorus Siculus, who, as already noted, lived at about the time of Augustus, and who, therefore, scanned in perspective the entire sweep of classical Greek history, has left us a striking summary which is doubly valuable because of its comparisons of Babylonian with Greek influence.	Let us witness the beginnings of scientific therapeutics.	This classification, as will be observed, is not so very far afield from the modern divisions into mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fishes.	If one will hold the corkscrew in a slanting direction and turn it slowly to the right, supposing that the point dips up a portion of water each time it revolves, one can in imagination follow the flow of that portion of water from spiral to spiral, the water always running downward, of course, yet paradoxically being lifted higher and higher towards the base of the corkscrew, until finally it pours out (in the actual Archimedes' tube) at the top.	If it seem that reference to this carries us beyond the bounds of science, it may be replied that questions such as this will not lie beyond the bounds of the science of the near future.	as a Pythagorean doctrine cannot be questioned.	Such as it is, however, the natural history stands to the credit of the Stagirite.	Hipparchus must have known of that measurement, since he quotes the work of Aristarchus in other fields.	His knowledge of anatomy was certainly very considerable, but many of his deductions and theories as to the functions of organs, the cause of diseases, and his methods of treating them, would be recognized as absurd by a modern school-boy of average intelligence.	Here, then, was the heliocentric doctrine reduced to a virtual demonstration by Aristarchus of Samos, somewhere about the middle of the third century B.C.	It appears, however, that the Egyptian astronomer divided the zodiac into twenty-four decani, or constellations.	BABYLONIAN MEDICINE We have just seen that medical practice in the Babylonian world was strangely under the cloud of superstition.	A lump of pure gold of the weight of the crown was immersed in a certain receptacle filled with water, and the overflow noted.	They are skilful likewise in the Art of Divination, by the flying of Birds, and interpreting of Dreams and Prodigies: And are reputed as true Oracles (in declaring what will come to pass) by their exact and diligent viewing the Intrals of the Sacrifices.	Nor was the task confined to the natives of Babylonia and Assyria alone.	"Thunder," he is reputed to have said, "was produced by the collision of the clouds, and lightning by the rubbing together of the clouds."	As new irregularities of motion of the sun, moon, and planetary bodies were pointed out, new epicycles were invented.	But one among them was remembered in later times as having had a peculiar aversion to the anthropomorphic conceptions of his fellows.	For the earth, be it understood, like a great top spinning through space, holds its position with relative but not quite absolute fixity.	Here it was, beyond the confines of actual Greek territory, that Hellenic thought found its second home, its first home being, as we have seen, in Asia Minor.	Empedocles appears to have been at once an observer and a dreamer.	"(15) In regard to evil spirits, as elsewhere, the number seven had a peculiar significance, it being held that that number of spirits might enter into a man together.	From this it derived the word Almagest, by which Ptolemy's work continued to be known among the Arabs, and subsequently among Europeans when the book again became known in the West.	And now the historians of philosophy became more than anxious to do justice to the memory of Democritus.	"(3) Nous, then, as Anaxagoras conceives it, is "the most rarefied of all things, and the purest, and it has knowledge in regard to everything and the greatest power; over all that has life, both greater and less, it rules."	We shall thus gain a clear idea as to the state of scientific geography towards the close of the classical epoch.	In reading his book, however, one is forced to the conclusion that Strabo is an investigator of details, not an original thinker.	We know how essentially eye-minded the Egyptian was, to use a modern psychological phrase--that is to say, how essential to him it seemed that all his conceptions should be visualized.	In this, air heated in a retort like a miniature altar is allowed to escape through the sides of two pairs of revolving arms precisely like those of the ordinary revolving fountain with which we are accustomed to water our lawns, the revolving arms being attached to a plane on which several pairs of statuettes representing dancers are placed, An even more interesting application of this principle of setting a wheel in motion is furnished in a mechanism which must be considered the earliest of steam-engines.	He might claim for his largest atom the same quality of substance as for his smallest, but so long as he conceived that the large atoms, when adjusted together to form a tangible substance, formed a substance different in quality from the substance which the small atoms would make up when similarly grouped, this concession amounts to the predication of difference of quality between the atoms themselves.	As already noted, the heliocentric doctrine is not expressly stated here.	It is precisely the same with the imagined course of the sun in its orbit, only that we view these lines just as we should view the lantern on the wheel if we looked at it from directly above and not from the side.	It has been the favorite pastime of historians to weave their own anachronistic theories upon the scanty woof of the half-remembered thoughts of the ancient philosophers.	Thus Plutarch cites Empedocles as believing "that the ruling part is not in the head or in the breast, but in the blood; wherefore in whatever part of the body the more of this is spread in that part men excel.	The scientific drama is now played out upon a single stage; and if we pass, as we shall in the present chapter, from Alexandria to Syracuse and from Syracuse to Samos, the shift of scenes does no violence to the dramatic unities.	Yet it is much to be regretted that he failed to do so, since the deference which was accorded his authority throughout the Middle Ages would doubtless have been extended in some measure at least to this theory as well, had he championed it.	Here there were no flaws in the reasoning of Anaxagoras.	The latter statement would not bear too close an examination, yet it is true that no extensive prose compositions of an earlier day than this have been preserved, though numerous others are known by their fragments.	This theory, it must be confessed, made no very great impression upon his contemporaries.	After the Phoenicians as a nation had ceased to have importance; after their original script had been endlessly modified by many alien nations; after the original alphabet had made the conquest of all civilized Europe and of far outlying portions of the Orient--the Egyptian and Babylonian scribes continued to indite their missives in the same old pictographs and syllables.	It was quite otherwise with the unlucky and dangerous days, which imposed so many and such great limitations on people that those who wished to be prudent were always obliged to bear them in mind when determining on any course of action.	The value of the work from our present stand-point is chiefly due to the criticisms which Strabo passes upon his forerunners, and to the incidental historical and scientific references with which his work abounds.	They give the Name of Interpreters to these Stars, because these only by a peculiar Motion do portend things to come, and instead of Jupiters, do declare to Men before-hand the good-will of the Gods; whereas the other Stars (not being of the number of the Planets) have a constant ordinary motion.	Of course the precession of the equinoxes, due to that axial wobble in which our clumsy earth indulges, would change the apparent position of the fixed stars in reference to the sun, so that the same star could not do service as heliacal messenger indefinitely; but, on the other hand, these changes are so slow that observations by many generations of astronomers would be required to detect the shifting.	Children are not born to them!	The true hypothesis, which places the sun at the centre of the planetary system and postulates the orbital and axial motions of our earth in explanation of the motions of the heavenly bodies, has been put forward and ardently championed, but, unfortunately, is not accepted by the dominant thinkers at the close of our epoch.	That they were real persons is not at all in question, but much that is merely traditional has come to be associated with their names.	VII.	Then the methods of observation were still crude, and it was quite the custom for a thinker of forceful personality to find an eager following among disciples who never thought of putting his theories to the test of experiment.	But for us, looking back without prejudice across the stage of years, it seems indisputable that a great epoch came to a close at about the time when the barbarian nations of Europe began to sweep down into Greece and Italy.	He knew, also, that the heart was made up of layers of fibres that ran in certain fixed directions--that is, longitudinal, transverse, and oblique; but he did not recognize the heart as a muscular organ.	The association between Anaxagoras and Democritus cannot be directly traced, but it is an association which the historian of ideas should never for a moment forget.	"One day was lucky or unlucky," says Erman,(3) "according as a good or bad mythological incident took place on that day.	Euclid's work, of course, gives expression to much knowledge that did not originate with him.	Minerals occupy a long series in these tablets.	One of these, Leucippus, presents so uncertain a figure as to be almost mythical.	In other words, the magical prevision of the father of Greek thought was but a reflex of Oriental wisdom.	Yet, as a whole, the record does not enable us to trace with clearness the progress of scientific thought.	But, of course, such mysterious evils as these would be met and combated by equally mysterious processes; and so it was that the entire art of medicine was closely linked with magical practices.	Even in the time of Calippus fifty-five of these spheres were computed.	But, besides this, he introduced more detailed observation of diseases, and demonstrated the importance that attaches to prognosis.	"But," concludes Talbot, "I can offer no decided opinion upon such obscure points of their superstition.	Here they are: "First: The surface of every coherent liquid in a state of rest is spherical, and the centre of the sphere coincides with the centre of the earth.	As we moderns see it, such criticism is the highest possible praise.	In other words, the theory of epicycles will account for all the facts of the observed motions of all the heavenly bodies, but in so doing it fills the universe with a most bewildering network of intersecting circles.	The Chinese adopt a more clumsy expedient, supplying a different symbol for each of the meanings of a syllable; so that while the actual word-sounds of their speech are only a few hundreds in number, the characters of their written language mount high into the thousands.	Neither need we concern ourselves with the details as to the geographical distances, which Strabo found so worthy of criticism and controversy.	On the other hand, the conservative scholar doubtless thought it distinctly ambiguous.	Once every Ten Days space (they say) one of the highest Order of these Stars descends to them that are of the lowest, like a Messenger sent from them above; and then again another ascends from those below to them above, and that this is their constant natural motion to continue for ever.	These physicians had been treating this condition by applications of poultices to the hand itself.	The sole element of truth which these dreamings contain, as distinguishing them from the dreamings of Anaxagoras, is in the conception that the various atoms differ in size and weight.	Each soldier was supplied with bandages, and was probably instructed in applying them, something in the same manner as is done now in all modern armies.	But with all these defects, the total achievement of the Greek astronomers is stupendous.	The passage of Aristotle in which this opinion is ascribed to Anaxagoras is of sufficient interest to be quoted at length: "Democritus, of Abdera," says Aristotle, "and some others, that have spoken concerning respiration, have determined nothing concerning other animals, but seem to have supposed that all animals respire.	He maintained, for example, that respiration and the pulse-beat were for one and the same purpose--that of the reception of air into the arteries of the body.	His writings on natural history have largely been preserved, and they constitute by far the most important contribution to the subject that has come down to us from antiquity.	It is certainly one of the most remarkable scientific documents of antiquity.	With the culmination of Greek effort in the so-called Hellenistic period we have seen ancient science at its climax.	Thus he constructs numerous mechanisms in which the expansive power of air under pressure is made to do work, and others in which the same end is accomplished through the expansive power of heated air.	The proof that the sun is describing this waving line, and therefore must be considered as attached to an imaginary wheel, is furnished, as it seemed to Hipparchus, by the observed fact of the sun's varying speed.	In a word, the evidence, so far as we can garner it from the remaining fragments, tends to show that all along, from the time of the early Pythagoreans, there had been an undercurrent of opinion in the philosophical world which questioned the fixity of the earth; and it would seem that the school of thinkers who tended to accept the revolutionary view centred in Asia Minor, not far from the early home of the founder of the Pythagorean doctrines.