He had come with his father's blood brother, Assha, who was a noted far voyager, and it was an honor to be chosen as donkey-leader for such a one as Assha.	Grassy plains rippled under the wind of a fair day.	But he added no more than just the reassurance of their escape.	You might slip up and use them at the wrong moment.	As they clung together there was a cry from behind them, underlined by a shot.	Underneath and around them the floor, walls, and ceiling of the room moved as if they had been pried from their setting of ice and were being rolled about by the exploring thumb and forefinger of some impatient giant.	The man in the doorway took the bait, coming forward far enough for Ross to send the door slamming shut as he himself sprang with the belt aimed for the other's head.	Kelgarries to come along and pick us up?"	Then he was rolled back, to lie blinking up at his enemies.	His session in the lifeboat had restored his strength, but a man could not live forever without food and water.	He started up again and once more swung the cat to the left.	The wizard danced about him, a hideous figure in a beast mask, a curled fringe of dried snakeskins swaying from his belt.	"Your friends late?"	"Ashe!"	He looked to Ashe.	Instead, he stared at Ross long and measuringly, his eyes growing colder and less friendly with every second of that examination.	We have guns; go back a little and you'll find them waving swords and shooting guys with bows and arrows--those that don't wear tin plate on them to stop being punctured----" "Only they were, after all," commented Ashe.	He was hungry when he awoke, and with that hunger his rebellion sparked into flame.	Minutes passed before Foscar's arm raised in a wave to summon the party guarding Ross.	"So--" Ashe turned upon the tribesman--"and by whose word did you go hunting my kinsman, Lal?	"Look here, Murdock, maybe you think it's easy to break out of here.	Ross rose to his knees with an involuntary gasp as a scream cut through the night.	He didn't know what he was trying to learn, only that it seemed important at that moment to press home to at least one of the tribesmen that he _was_ different from the man who had put a price on his head and to whom he was to be sold.	The quiet man went down the hall, leaving Assha before a door.	"But--a spaceship!"	The trace continued down the slope.	The superstitions of the people would lead them to shun both the site of the post and Ashe himself as cursed and taboo.	He tried the only two doors opening out of the hall, but they were secured on the other side.	It argued that Foscar did not trust those he was about to do business with, that he was taking certain precautions of his own.	A toe jarred into his ribs, and Ross bit back the grunt of pain which answered that rude bid for his attention.	Lal stared at him, his woebegone face still smeared with tears.	What happened, McNeil?"	Steal one of those atomjets?	CHAPTER 14 "... that's my half of it.	They might just come up with a useful hint.	Then, having rubbed down both animals with twists of grass, the man came over to Ross, pushed him back to the ground, and studied his left leg.	There was more fire and the horse changed course through the rising smoke.	There was a single despairing squeak out of the grass about a hundred feet away, and the winged shape arose again with its prey.	But they have it firmly planted in their minds now that there are devils after them.	Yet in the darkness there came those who would slay without profit, for what reason I have no knowing."	He limped into the outer air where the shadows of evening were beginning to creep across the ground.	A high, screeching call, unlike any shout he had heard, split the clamor.	And how had Lurgha spoken?	How it had happened he did not know, but it was true.	The clothing which adapted so skillfully to his measurements.... Ross leaned forward to study the devices on the control board, confirming his suspicions.	And it is she who has brought you to us now.	Yes, he was from the south.	In fact, the roads themselves were under the protection of the gods; there was peace on them for all wayfarers.	The fugitives had taken cover in an angle where the massed remains of an old avalanche provided a cave-pocket.	Kurt caught him up.	Hodaki was considering that.	We must move now."	Here were five oval buttons, marked in the same vivid green as that which trimmed his clothing--two wiggles, a dot, a double bar, a pair of entwined circles, and a crosshatch.	He raised his hand to explore that old hurt near his hairline that had been so tender only yesterday that it could not bear pressure.	Color rippled across it with every twist and turn he gave to the length--dark blue fading to pale violet, accented with wavering streaks of vivid and startling green.	On his cushioned feet he padded back to the stairway, and he stood there listening.	Get anything out of this, Webb?"	Lal wailed again, but when that fire was followed by no other manifestation he ventured to raise his head once more.	"My chief is not here," Ross repeated wearily, making a protest he knew they would not heed.	"These are not from the village.	Ross smiled thinly, an expression far removed and years older than his bashful boy's grin of the shy act.	Of course, it was possible that Kurt was a stool pigeon, leading him on as a test.	So!	The cat must be traveling at its best pace, Ross thought.	Ross, Ashe's gun in hand, kept watch on the transfer plate, ready to shoot at anything appearing there.	"Some sleeps away----" "Some sleeps!"	"That is a question to which our psychologists are still trying to find the answer, my young friend.	The climber was very close.	Ashe chewed a broiled wing reflectively.	His bow and dagger were gone, and he did not even have his long cloak pin for a weapon, since he had given that to Frigga.	Then they swept into a noisy place where the shouting of many men made a din.	Couldn't they be working right at the main source, sir?"	Was this an elaborate joke?	The boyishness which had been a part of him when he had fought at Foscar's command was gone.	Do you understand?"	My chief there."	The tribesman fastened the mounts and then walked around to inspect the animal Ross had ridden.	That brought Ashe up, leaning forward on his good elbow.	Fire--there was something about fire--if he could only remember!	He halted his galloping mount to sit facing the handful of strangers.	One need only to look upon him to know that he was of trader blood and no uncivilized woodsrunner.	The blue curve gave under his assault.	Their big base must be in this time sector!"