The Guardian considered her answer gravely.	Hair grew on his head, black and thick and there was a faint shadow of beard on his jaw line.	Varta stopped trying to follow the conversation--Lur was only explaining now how they had found the space man and brought him out of the wrecked ship.	The Guardian paused for so long that Varta dared to prompt it.	She examined the flowers closely, to all appearances they were perfect and natural.	"Why not?	This is indeed a mystery!"	"It is no enemy--" But she did not need that reassurance from Lur.	"We walk again the ways of men," Lur was the first to note the tool marks on the stone where they lay.	Memphir has fallen to the barbarians of the Outer Lands and now I go, as Asti once ordered--."	It is the water itself which lives--and yet does not live--" His thought trailed away from her as he struggled with some problem.	It was a drooping shoot of the turbi, the same tree vine which produced the fruit she had relished less than an hour before.	All things are possible by the Will of Asti."	But of this side of the mountains both were ignorant, for Memphir's rule had not run here.	"Asti!"	"What is it--?"	Varta pointed with her chin to the left where, some distance away, the mountain wall paralleled their course.	Delicately Lur sought a way into the other's mind, twisting down paths of thought strange to him.	"Let us go."	The visage it revealed was long and gray, with dark pits for eyes and a gaping, fang-studded, lipless mouth.	She leaned back against a rock.	See--now he awakens."	"It cooks the flesh, we can not walk here," was his verdict.	She knew what Lur meant, the suit which had protected her in the underworld was impervious to everything outside its surface--or to every substance its makers knew--just as Lur's own hide made his flesh impenetrable.	If it was His Will which had brought them here, then Asti's power would wrap her round with safety.	It is the scent of them which you catch--" "No.	"There is no door--" she pointed out doubtfully.	He was one of a race who had come to Erb from beyond the stars and discovered it a world without human life: So they had established colonies and built great cities--far different from Memphir--and had lived in peace for centuries of their own time.	her astonishment broke into open speech.	There was a grating, as from metal long unused, and a block fell back, opening a narrow door to them.	"Man made," he cautioned, "but very, very old."	"No, but we can enter into it!"	Perhaps He has some use for us and it!"	But below the surface of the water-- Varta's breath hissed between her teeth and Lur's head snapped around as he caught her thought.	There are other worlds than Erb, mayhap this strange thing was a sky ship from such a world.	It is a pity he is dead--" Varta felt a rich warm tide rising in her throat to answer that teasing half question.	But what made this--?"	There are two paths before you--."	The two of us can not draw that out of the water!"	The muscles of his forelegs and quarters stood out in sharp relief under his scales, his fangs were bare as his lips snapped back with effort.	Of the truth of that I have no proof."	By the glint of sunlight on the stone around them the day was already well advanced.	By His Will she had come out of Memphir over ways no human of Erb had ever trod before.	It was he who spied the spring on the mountain side above, a spring of water uncontaminated by the strange life of the lake.	And yet--there a few feet below was strong metal!	Lur's tongue shot out to impale a questing beetle.	But even as he dipped his fanged muzzle toward that inviting surface, Lur's spined head jerked erect again.	As she moved into the secret way, the five orbs swung with her, and in the darkness there the sun glowed richly, sending out a light to guide their feet.	If the records of the Temple spoke true, these curls of gas were death to all lunged creatures of the upper world.	And in a moment she too saw a dark hulk nosing through the vapor.	Did you expect a serpent?	No human brain could follow his unless he willed it so.	After that he remembered nothing.	"If ever men had wisdom to produce this--it was not of Asti's giving," she edged away from the glare.	There were supplies here too, lying untouched in ageless containers within a lizard-skin pouch.	How long they journeyed down into the maw of the mountain and, beyond that, into the womb of Erb itself, Varta never knew.	"But that was long ago.	Lur was pulling at a small door half hidden by a mass of twisted wires and plates and, just as Varta crawled around this obstacle to join him, the barrier gave way allowing them to squeeze through into what had once been the living quarters of the ship.	But they were not alive, she was almost sure of that, they appeared more a part of the water itself.	Slowly the girl breasted the water which filled the cabin and reached her hands toward the bowed helmet of the prisoner.	But mayhap there were those who raised cities on Erb before the first hut of Memphir squatted on tidal mud.	"Then let us keep to the jungle over there and see if it does not bring around to the far side.	With Lur at her heels the girl edged around to pull cautiously at the branch.	Varta touched her tongue without fear to a powdered restorative, sharing it with Lur, whose own mailed skin would protect him through the dangers to come.	Lur might hold out the promise of the flowers, but this was a man and he had lain in the water for countless ages-- So she went with lagging steps, to find Lur busy.	Varta squatted back on her heels and began to look at the water and then at the banks with more care.	Let Lur now quiet this outlander.	Varta returned to the lake shore reluctantly.	She held the sun on a line with one of the wrist bonds, She must avoid the flesh it imprisoned, for Asti's power could kill.	"How can you tell when that branch first dipped into the lake?	Could she doubt that His Protection was with her now?	"But what weapon could do this?	"It was a machine in which men traveled," his thoughts arose to her.	When it had done, the girl stooped and altered two of the lines with a swift stroke from one of her talons.	The sealed compartment was hardly more than a cupboard but it was full.	"Memphir was old.	Varta recognized seats, a table, and other bits of strictly utilitarian furniture.	"This will take you down into my country," it jerked the rod to the right.	The long talons fitted to the finger tips of the gloves, the claws of the webbed foot coverings clamped fast to every hand and foot hold, but the way down was long and she caught a message of weariness from Lur before they reached the piled rocks at the foot of the cliff.	It took only a moment to make secure the webbed shoes, to pull on and fasten the hood, to tighten the buckles of her gloves.	She licked dry lips longingly.	Blue, green, yellow, crimson, they drifted slowly with the tiny waves which lapped the shore.	There was a hood to cover the entire head, taloned gloves for the hands, webbed, clawed coverings for the feet--as if the skin of a giant, man-like lizard had been tanned and fashioned into this suit.