"Boys," he said, "I'll say this: Are we going to bust up and each man go his way?"	Jud, we're beat!"	The rounded cheeks were now straight and sank in sharply beneath his cheek bones, with a sharply incised line beside the mouth.	It was like dancing, but greater fun.	Then I'll sneak over the summit and get away unnoticed."	But he had another purpose.	There was the one dim stretch of white, which was the covering of the bed; the furniture, the chairs, and the table were half merged with the shadows around them.	That was something that Allister did know."	He added with a burst of appeal: "Hal, you know I'm straight.	You can get to him inside three hours--with that hoss."	But the moment that Andrew saw the marshal had been stopped he did not use the interim to push the mare and increase her lead.	"We could fix you a bunk upstairs, I guess."	"You'd like a little gun play with that fellow?"	How would she come?	Took my guns, not the coin.	Well," he added carelessly, "I wonder when my fool posse will get through hunting for the remains of poor Lanning?	"You can have her when you can ride her," he said.	Lanning?	And then the earth came up and slapped me in the face."	"Dozier come behind and took me.	your friend, JEFF RANKIN.	All at once a great hate welled up in him, and he went on with gritting teeth.	Andrew Lanning muttered aloud: "An outlaw!"	But that was what Hal Dozier was doing now.	There's my sack on the floor of the shack.	And if they had consulted him he could have asked for no greater favor.	Ain't you never goin' to get grown up, Jud?"	And now, looking down the lane among the trees, he saw men surge into it.	For those in the rear and on the sides the weaving course of the gelding, running like a deer and swerving agilely among the rocks, as if to make up for his first blunder, offered the most difficult of all targets.	"Ain't very sociable to put a guest in the attic," said Pop, between his panting breaths.	"This here is the ravenin', tearin', screechin' man-eater?	"Ah?	But he wouldn't give me the chance.	They also began to look to their guns.	murmured Larry.	Technically these were shots fired to warn the fugitive that he was wanted by the law, and to tell him that if he did not halt he would be shot at to be killed.	"But you have changed," said Anne Withero with a little cry.	Pop was putting away the dishes, and Jud was scrubbing out the sink.	"It sure is," agreed the other.	That cold exultation, that wild impulse to throw himself into the arms of danger, was sweeping over Andrew.	It was a man, as he could tell by the heavy breathing; yet he leaned closer in a vain effort to make surer by the use of his eyes.	And keep clear of towns.	"Big business men sink half a year's income in their advertising.	She merely turned her head and rubbed his knee with her nose.	He could not shoot to kill!	"Those four," said the marshal, "won't let you."	I know the feel of a forty-five slug in your inwards."	He was among a district of many houses, many men, and, for the final stage of his journey, he waited until after dusk had come and then saddled Sally and cantered into the valley.	"Afraid of you?	"I'll tell you why," said Andrew slowly.	And then, while the twilight was turning into dark, Andrew looked back and saw the whole crowd rein in their horses and turn back.	"Is he such a fine fighter?"	Allister turned over the other form with a brutal carelessness that sickened Andrew.	They were all facing him, and their faces were alive with interest; yet they made no hostile move.	There was still plenty of time for a long shot.	That's why I hit up here after you."	With all these things in mind, in spite of the pessimism of Henry Allister, Andrew felt that he had far more than a fighting chance to break out of the mountain desert and into the comparative safety of the crowded country beyond.	And Andrew reluctantly admitted the truth of what he said.	"No, no!"	Andy, waiting breathlessly, watched lest the eye of the narrator should swing toward him for the least part of a second.	And he was right.	"I don't like fighting.	"And he'll never give up the trail until he's had it out with me.	Let them lose their fear of you for a moment and they'll go for you.	"Will you remember me?"	S'long."	It drew down the lower lid of that eye, and it pulled the mouth of the man a bit awry, so that he seemed to be smiling in a smug, half-apologetic manner.	In five shots he knew that he could drop as many men, and within him there was a perfect consciousness that they would not hit him when they returned the fire.	Because your brother was killed by me.	Only Larry noticed his gains--the others were indifferent to it, but the skull-faced man tightened his lips as he saw.	Then Larry la Roche: "He wants to make it man to man.	Thereafter no one would trust him, no one would change words with him; he was an outcast, a social leper.	Here's a better proposition: Let me put my belt on again.	It brought a lump in his throat.	She was speechless; her raised hand did not fall; it was as if she were frozen where she stood.	The deputy officer took a chair and tipped it back against the wall.	Blankets and slicker, money, horse.	"Scared to death," said Andrew truthfully.	Sleep tight, partner."	He jumped, missed the rocks underneath, and was carried off by the river."	Besides, the moment I've dropped you I go out that window."	"Jeff," he commanded, "take the hill.	No doubt the shed was for the trapper's horse.