The sheriff shook his head.	"Enough!	From around the rock Sandersen appeared and walked down to the fat man.	In the outer room he found his deputy much alarmed.	And now you want to come along with me?"	The first glimpse of his face told her that.	I got no chance.	"Stand off, girl.	"Meg is sure as sin in the mountains.	We'd all have been grabbed and lynched.	There was a reason.	He was recovering his ordinary poise, and with a smiling good night to the sheriff, he turned away through the door.	asked the sheriff.	Sinclair smiled.	In the few moments during which Sandersen remained in the street watching, the tumult grew in his mind.	Whistling, Sinclair strode off down the hill, leading the horses after him.	It proved the age of the building.	But a gent named Sinclair up and confessed, and he is waiting for the rope.	He flashed a glance in that direction and saw that it was a hobbled horse, though not the horse of Sinclair; but that mattered nothing.	asked the judge in disgust.	"That's the right time for us.	And on you, just now, they ain't any reason why I should take my time or any chances, when it comes to shooting."	At last he could speak.	For Arizona had made the unique discovery that he could be ashamed!	It was in character for the sheriff to make a speech.	This was a murder!"	"Sure!	"You!"	"Why not, I'd like to know?"	he asked briefly.	Riley laughed with savage satisfaction.	Between them he heaped dead twigs, and in a moment the flame was leaping.	"But, it's the truth!	A speck drifted across it, the hawk sailing in search of prey.	And a man that Sinclair hates he's going to get sooner or later--chiefly sooner.	"You always got a pile of fancy words," protested the big man.	"Let me try," pleaded Jig eagerly.	He lowered his glance for a moment to keep his scorn from standing up in his eyes.	In the corner was a great fireplace capable of taking a six-foot log, at least.	"I can't take no chances.	"He went to Sour Creek to help me as soon as he found out that I was not a man.	Again it seemed certain that Cold Feet had been guilty of the crime, but the sheriff kept on systematically hunting for new evidence.	I love John Gaspar!"	Off the horse he seemed even bigger and more capable than before, and now that he had come sufficiently close, so that the shadow from his sombrero's brim did not partially mask the upper part of his face, it seemed to Sinclair that about the eyes he was not nearly so prepossessing as around the clean-cut fighter's mouth and chin.	This seemed to tell her everything.	But you'd ought to take out a big insurance on your life, friend, before you take that trail.	Without his prisoner!	"Then I'll fight left-handed.	You're going to hang.	Don't believe nothing he says!"	Obediently the drooping Gaspar spurred his horse.	"You don't mean it!	"Then talk business.	To his surprise Jig did not answer at once.	He could suppress all curiosity and go six months without knowing more than the nickname of a boon companion.	"How d'you figure that word out?"	"No, he wouldn't do that, because he knows that is the last thing in the world that I want revealed.	"Arizona, you're talking mighty queer.	I sure don't see how you done it!"	I went too far with him, and a mistake is like borrowed money, sheriff.	Now I see that you're only big enough to bully a woman.	I'm through."	Lodge then retired.	And then a sheriff all by himself grabbed Arizona for the murder of Sandersen.	As a matter of fact John Gaspar had never grown up.	"Maybe not."	Ten days ago Mississippi Slim cleaned you out at dice.	"The end of it came somehow.	said Sandersen sympathetically.	"Why not?"	"Sally, here's the point.	"How do you dare to stay here and face me--after the things you said!"	Go get your gun, Cartwright!"	"Jig, d'you know what a friend means?"	Those men were kneeling, for they had been reaching out and firing low around the door to rake the floor of the room.	I told her that I couldn't let anyone in, that I was preparing a surprise for them.	"Don't try to kill that second man.	They stood amazed, shifting from foot to foot, exchanging miserable glances.	"I'll tell you," answered the other.	"Jig, you sure done a rotten bad thing.	"H'm," murmured Cartwright.	"And yet," confided the sheriff softly, "I ain't never heard no trouble about this Gaspar before."	But in spite of himself those eight years under free skies had altered him.