Her gloved hands were clenched.	Russia possesses an accurate knowledge of every fort, ship and gun England boasts of; France, Germany, and Japan.	I'll be silent, but I refuse to lie to Nancy on your account.	"Have a little patience.	Scraping off that beard made me forgetful.	"Well, perhaps in a few days."	"You wish to leave my service?"	"It aches a little when it rains; that's about all."	And I trusted you as a friend, as a gentleman, as a man of honor!"	I am rich; from hour to hour, from day to day, what shall I not plan to make her happy?	With an air of resignation and a clear sense of the proportion of things, he reached out and took up the note upon which Annesley had scrawled his signature.	He passed secretly from the house and hung around the bow-window which let out on the low balcony.	"I am on the way to the War Department."	If he could have got rid of the idea of Karloff and the possibilities which his name suggested, all this would have appealed to him as exceedingly funny.	if he was hideous, would you be putting on those ribbons I gave you to wear on Sundays?"	A change came over Karloff's countenance; his shoulders drooped; the melancholy fire died out of his face and eyes.	I wish to ride alone."	But this child of mine, whom I love doubly, for her mother's sake and her own,--I would gladly cut off both arms to spare her a single pain, to keep her in the luxury which she still believes rightfully to be hers.	Obstacles are nothing; the end is everything.	I knew that such a thing had no rightful place in this house....	"Sir!--" she began.	"There is some difference between a dinner-table and a horse, Miss."	You shall not have even me, who love you after a fashion, for I could never look upon you as a husband; in my eyes you would always be an accomplice."	Then he leaned with his back against the mantel and faced them, or rather Karloff, of whom he was not quite sure.	"Have you been a soldier?"	This groom certainly _looked_ right, but there was something lacking in his make-up, that indefinable something which is always found in the true servant--servility.	She eyed him, her head inclined roguishly to one side, the exact attitude of a bird that has suddenly met a curious and disturbing specimen of insect life.	"You had better dine with us and spend the evening with your friend.	Go to the colonel frankly, pay his debts out of your own pockets, then tell the girl that you love her.	And now Russia finds that she must proceed to do what she has done to all other countries; that is, duplicate her rival's fortification plans, her total military and naval strength; and so forth, and so on.	"Honestly, I'll think it over, Jack."	we men asked, looking over the rooms.	You _are_ a lucky pup: a handsome wife, a bouncing boy, and six horses!	Th' ladies'll be wantin' somethin' t' quiet their nerves.	His knowledge had proved of no small value to the government, for he was a born strategist, and his hobby was the coast defenses.	As a story-teller I am supposed to be everywhere, to follow the footsteps of each and all of my characters, and with a fidelity and a perspicacity nothing short of the marvelous.	Had any one called her attention to all this, there isn't any doubt that she would have been shocked.	mimicked the girl on the veranda.	"Agony!"	With a swish she was gone.	A fine lawn surrounded the whole, and white-pebble walks wound in and out.	Miss Annesley, I frankly admitted on the spot, was, next to Nancy, the handsomest girl I ever saw; and as I thought of Mr. Robert in his den at home, I sincerely pitied him.	sighed Nancy.	Had he not played at this comedy, this thing would have gone on, and he would have been in ignorance of its very existence.	It was Mr. Warburton's fault that he did not take first prize.	Everybody had something to say to everybody else; and a butler was only a machine anyway.	He strove to look away.	He placed it on a number.	"And this is the fellow we saw in the police-court, sitting among those light o' loves?"	"I love her with all my heart,"--hotly.	A groom is not supposed to turn his head when on the box unless spoken to.	Come to zee dining-hall.	The first thing he did was to drop the silver ladle.	"Very well, sir.	It is true that I take a drink once in a while, when I have been riding or driving all day, or when I am cold.	And if men have souls, as we are told they have, how the souls of these men must writhe as they look into the minds of living men and behold the horror and contempt in which each traitor's name is held there!	You ask for something which I can not give, and each time you ask you only add to the pain."	"Several times with my major's daughter,"--thoughtlessly.	Karloff was a brave man.	If it's she, why, that altogether alters the face of things."	Now hold him."	"That'll be rather serious.	Underneath, on a little shelf, he saw a stack of worn envelopes.	"Thank you, sir."	He lifted his handsome head resolutely.	"So I admit.	Warburton's pulse doubled its beat.	He was passionately fond of music.	She discoursed on wines in French with the ambassador and immediately turned to the Chinaman and recited Confucius in the original Chinese.	You look so earnest.	I _am_ base, I, who have always considered myself an honorable man.	If it was a smile, he would have given much to know what had caused it.	"Had your breakfast?"	"But if the United States found out what Russia was doing, there might be war."	"I was just about to turn into the club for my mail," declared the colonel.	When no two critics think alike, of what use is criticism?"	His "game leg" ached cruelly, and after the second mile (which was traversed without speech from either of them), he fell into a slight limp.	He was in the War Department until a year or so ago.	Oh!	Warburton glanced quickly about; all was neatness.	First shot at the groom.	After all, love is a primitive state, and with it we go back to the beginning; before it honor or dishonor is nothing.	"You have reached the age of discretion.