Telegrams passing to and fro might create confusion, alarm the quarry.	"Sarah, that young man knows how to take care of himself.	A truculent little green bird, no bigger than a robin, but with the spirit of a disgruntled Bayard.	But his guilelessness served to carry her over a rather shaky bridge.	I believe for the present I'll call you Mathison.	You made everything very easy for us.	It sounds too much like German, and we'll be held up.	There's an umbrella in the corner by the door.	On the lounge in his compartment--which was still No.	Here is where we shall trip him up.	I ask where her luggage is, and she says she left it on the train.	Just surrendered the key and faded."	The manager did more than that.	The brain, about the size of your finger-tip, is memory in the concrete.	He gathered one vague impression--that she was young.	But I'll put the bird back in his cage if you don't mind."	He put away the green ribbon and rang for the porter.	I know when I'm beaten."	You pawned it to buy a new dress, a new hat.	A cold berserker rage had taken possession of him, one of those upheavals of hate which, instead of blinding, clarify, the fires of which burn steadily until the end is attained.	"Write as many as you like.	And it never would have entered his head but for the startling revelation of what suggestion might accomplish.	He might be watching from his car-window when we arrive.	He wasn't at all happy.	"Of course you understand that all these mysterious actions have to do with the government and that there must be absolute secrecy on the part of the management."	"To injure me?	She knew that he was strong, resourceful, courageous.	I might understand something of this if I was full of hootch."	I had the example of my father.	Got two."	The prisoner, his hands clasped behind his head, seemed particularly interested in a pattern on the ceiling; but in reality he was counting the thuds of the Secret Service operative's chair; and out of this sound developed a daring campaign for liberty.	"Did you like the play?"	Who knows?	What do _you_ think?"	He decided to draw up broadside.	Jargon.	He was ready.	He's going into this town for the night.	But it tears and rends.	As Hilda Nordstrom--The Farrington--he had known her less than three hours.	"Good news!	Here was a queer bird.	The next offensive came while they were crossing the Rockies.	At the north side of the hotel was an alley.	The woman who had forgotten her kimono rushed into the arms of another woman, statuesque, white-haired.	Where shall we go?	I'm stating bald facts."	"Open the door!"	"That bucks me up a lot, Mat.	"Oh, but _he_ isn't a man, Sarah!"	"He would have made a scene just the same.	Without vehemence.	Here is a box.	An infinitesimal clue: she had left that because she would not have been human else.	"It is very wonderful to be here to-night," he said.	There was a chill of fear, too.	"In a white pith helmet?"	"Search them for weapons."	I tried to slip out at the side ... but I was not quick enough.	"I'll wait."	I sha'n't bother you more than ten minutes.... Just enough time to get my nerves steadied.	It was stinging cold, somewhere around zero.	Mathison listened politely.	He tossed his cap on the bureau, yawned luxuriously, for he was tired, and sat down on the edge of the bed to take off his shoes; but he immediately ceased all movement.	"Yes."	My cabin is opposite yours.	"Yes, George.	"Dey won't be no trimmin's like yo'd get at de hotel."	It may be the turning-point.	She broke the tableau by taking from the pocket of her gray coat a gray veil which she wound about her head, turban-wise, dropping the edge just above her lips.	Good-lookers?"	Her face, alight with joy, was beautiful; but there was a subtle hint that in repose it would be tragic.	The solution is apparent; it does not signify carelessness.	Mathison could not tell whether she was asleep or awake.	"I'll open it."	From time to time he made gestures; they were catlike.	There was a peculiar odor in the air.	I will kill you if you lay a hand on me!	No tedious affair of the courts; cold, formal justice.	"What are you telling me?"	He carried a revolver.	The blond man, as he looked into Mathison's eyes, sensed that he was about to fight for his life; thus he became endowed with a frenzy which doubled his strength.	I'd like very much if you'd call me John."