O trees, with earliest green of springtime hours,      And all spring's pale and tender violets!	XV      Voi ch'ascoltate in rime sparse il suono      Di quei sospiri ond'io nudriva il core      In sul mio primo giovenile errore,      Quand' era in parte altr'uom da quel ch'i' sono;      Del vario stile, in ch'io piango e ragiono      Fra le vane speranze e 'l van dolore,      Ove sia chi per prova intenda amore,      Spero trovar pietà, non che perdono.	Così mi vivo, e così avvolge e spiega      Lo stame della vita che m'è data,      Questa sola fra noi del ciel sirena.	O fierce desire!	VI      I once beheld on earth celestial graces      And heavenly beauties scarce to mortals known,      Whose memory yields nor joy nor grief alone,      But all things else in cloud and dreams effaces.	In his later sonnets, Laura grows more distinctly individual to us; her traits show themselves as more characteristic, her temperament more intelligible, her precise influence upon Petrarch clearer.	But now I see full well how long I earned      All men's reproof; and oftentimes my soul      Lies crushed by its own grief; and it doth seem      For such misdeed shame is the fruitage whole,      And wild repentance and the knowledge learned      That worldly joy is still a short, short dream.	And she, contented with her new-found bliss,      Ranks with the perfect in that upper sphere,      Yet ever and anon looks back on this,      To watch for me, as if for me she stayed.	The very light of heaven hath lost its powers      Mid fading ways our loftiest dreams to find;      Men jeer at him whose footsteps are inclined      Where Helicon from dewy fountains showers.	Few are the hearts that prize the poet's lines:      Yet, friend, the more I hail thy spirit glad!	"Time is the chariot of all ages to carry men away, and beauty cannot bribe this charioteer."	V      O wandering steps!	In the sonnet (Gli angeli eletti) visions multiply upon visions.	So change the sonnets after Laura's death, growing shadowy as they recede, until the very last (Gli occhi di ch'io parlai) seems to merge itself in the blue distance.	What delicate accuracy of delineation is seen, for instance, in the sonnet (Dolci durezze)!	Who can wonder that women prize beauty, and are intoxicated by their own fascinations, when these fragile gifts are yet strong enough to outlast all the memories of statesmanship and war?	Who strives with Nature's laws is over-bold,      And Time to his commandment bids us bow.	But the infinite beauty that all eyes doth fill,      This none can learn!	Is there no reward to be imagined for a delightful book that can match Browning's fantastic burial of a tedious one?	Come s'acquista onor, come Dio s'ama,      Com'è giunta onestà con leggiadria,      Ivi s'impara, e qual è dritta via      Di gir al Ciel, che lei aspetta e brama.	This is to Laura singing (Quando Amor).	IV      Qual donna attende a gloriosa fama      Di senno, di valor, di cortesia,      Miri fiso negli occhi a quella mia      Nemica, che mia donna il mondo chiama.	This is one of the last (Dicemi spesso).	IV      Doth any maiden seek the glorious fame      Of chastity, of strength, of courtesy?	Aer felice, col bel vivo raggio      Rimanti.	And while I think, our swift existence flies,      And none can live again earth's brief career,--      Then in my deepest heart the voice replies      Of one who now has left this mortal sphere,      But walked alone through earthly destinies,      And of all women is to fame most dear.	Yet may not all thy woes be named with mine,      Since she whom thou dost mourn may live, yet live,      But death and heaven still hold my spirit's bride;      And all those long past days of sad decline      With all the joys remembered years can give      Still bid me ask "Sweet bird!	And as the variable and uncertain air comes freighted with clover-scent from yonder field, so floats through these long centuries a breath of fragrance, the memory of Laura.	Subito allor, com'acqua il foco ammorza,      D'un lungo e grave sonno mi risveglio:      E veggio ben che 'l nostro viver vola,      E ch'esser non si può più d'una volta;      E 'n mezzo 'l cor mi sona una parola      Di lei ch'è or dal suo bel nodo sciolta,      Ma ne' suoi giorni al mondo fu sì sola,      Ch'a tutte, s'i' non erro, fama ha tolta.	'Mid which my pensive queen her footstep sets;      O plain, that hold'st her words for amulets      And keep'st her footsteps in thy leafy bowers!	With the world thus young, beauty eternal, fancy free, why should these delicious Italian pages exist but to be tortured into grammatical examples?	These sonnets are in Petrarch's earlier manner; but the death of Laura brought a change.	Yonder flies a kingfisher, and pauses, fluttering like a butterfly in the air, then dives toward a fish, and, failing, perches on the projecting wall.	"And yet I live!"	Look at yonder schooner coming down the bay straight toward us; she is hauled close to the wind, her jib is white in the sunlight, her larger sails are touched with the same snowy lustre, and all the swelling canvas is rounded into such lines of beauty as scarcely anything else in the world--hardly even the perfect outlines of the human form--can give.	qual di mirto?	Gaze in the eyes of that sweet enemy      Whom all the world doth as my lady name!	L'alma d'ogni suo ben spogliata e priva,      Amor della sua luce ignudo e casso      Devrian della pietà romper un sasso:      Ma non è chi lor duol riconti o scriva;      Ché piangon dentro, ov'ogni orecchia è sorda,      Se non la mia, cui tanta doglia ingombra,      Ch'altro che sospirar, nulla m'avanza.	It is the sublimity of a despair not to be relieved by utterance.	O souls of love and passion!	Such and so indescribable is the atmospheric film that hangs over these poems of Petrarch's; there is a delicate haze about the words, that vanishes when you touch them, and reappears as you recede.	XIII      Vago augelletto che cantando vai,      Ovver piangendo il tuo tempo passato,      Vedendoti la notte e 'l verno a lato,      E 'l dì dopo le spalle e i mesi gai;      Se come i tuoi gravosi affanni sai,      Così sapessi il mio simile stato,      Verresti in grembo a questo sconsolato      A partir seco i dolorosi guai.	Qual vaghezza di lauro?	Per man mi prese e disse: in questa spera      Sarai ancor meco, se 'l desir non erra;      I' son colei che ti die' tanta guerra,      E compie' mia giornata innanzi sera.	An impression which has endured so long is ineffaceable; it is an earthly immortality.	VII      Those eyes, 'neath which my passionate rapture rose,      The arms, hands, feet, the beauty that erewhile      Could my own soul from its own self beguile,      And in a separate world of dreams enclose,      The hair's bright tresses, full of golden glows,      And the soft lightning of the angelic smile      That changed this earth to some celestial isle,--      Are now but dust, poor dust, that nothing knows.	whose lovely garland seems      The sole reward that glory's deeds require!	I      O joyous, blossoming, ever-blessed flowers!	And thus I live: and thus is loosed and wound      The thread of life which unto me was given      By this sole Siren who with us doth dwell.	'Mid those who in the loftiest heaven be      I looked on her, less haughty and more fair.	I can think of no other passage in literature that has in it the same wide spaces of emotion.	SONNETS      I      Lieti fiori e felici, e ben nate erbe,      Che Madonna, pensando, premer sole;      Piaggia ch'ascolti sue dolci parole,      E del bel piede alcun vestigio serbe;      Schietti arboscelli, e verdi frondi acerbe;      Amorosette e pallide viole;      Ombrose selve, ove percote il Sole,      Che vi fa co' suoi raggi alte e superbe;      O soave contrada, o puro fiume,      Che bagni 'l suo bel viso e gli occhi chiari,      E prendi qualità dal vivo lume;      Quanto v'invidio gli atti onesti e cari!	How it clings, for instance, round this sonnet (Aura che quelle chiome)!	II      Quando Amor i begli occhi a terra inchina      E i vaghi spirti in un sospiro accoglie      Con le sue mani, e poi in voce gli scioglie      Chiara, soave, angelica, divina;      Sento far del mio cor dolce rapina,      E sì dentro cangiar pensieri e voglie,      Ch'i' dico: or fien di me l'ultime spoglie,      Se 'l Ciel sì onesta morte mi destina.	who the myrtle twines?	A companion sonnet, on the other hand (O passi sparsi), seems rather to be of the Shakespearean type; the successive phrases set sail, one by one, like a yacht squadron; each spreads its graceful wings and glides away.	There is no rock so senseless but I deem      It burns with passion that to mine is near.	Next to the immortality of genius is that which genius may confer upon the object of its love.	L'infinita bellezza, ch'altrui abbaglia,      Non vi s'impara; ché quei dolci lumi      S'acquistan per ventura e non per arte.	Let us try the axe again.	They said among themselves; "for none has seen      Within this age arrive so fair a mien      From changing earth unto immortal rest."	How true is its concluding line!	Before this continent was discovered, before English literature existed, when Chaucer was a child these words were written.	Would that one could transfer into English the delicious way in which the sweet Italian rhymes recur and surround and seem to embrace each other, and are woven and unwoven and interwoven, like the heavenly hosts that gathered around Laura.	O limpid stream,      That mirrorest her sweet face, her eyes so clear,      And of their living light canst catch the beam!	It is hard to handle this white canvas without soiling.	A vessel sails by with plash and roar, and all the white spray along her side is sparkling with sunlight.	XI      The holy angels and the spirits blest,      Celestial bands, upon that day serene      When first my love went by in heavenly sheen,      Came thronging, wondering at the gracious guest.	O passion strong!	Ch'al suon de' detti sì pietosi e casti      Poco mancò ch'io non rimasi in cielo.	In a later strain (Levommi il mio pensier) he rises to that dream which is more than earth's realities.	Ma 'l suon, che di dolcezza i sensi lega,      Col gran desir d'udendo esser beata,      L'anima, al dipartir presta, raffrena.	She took my hand, she said, "Within this sphere,      If hope deceive not, thou shalt dwell with me:      I filled thy life with war's wild agony;      Mine own day closed ere evening could appear.	Macgregor, in the only version of this sonnet which I have seen, abandons all attempt at rhyme; but to follow the strict order of the original in this respect is a part of the pleasant problem which one cannot bear to forgo.	Ella contenta aver cangiato albergo,      Si paragona pur coi più perfetti;      E parte ad or ad or si volge a tergo      Mirando s'io la seguo, e par ch'aspetti:      Ond'io voglie e pensier tutti al ciel ergo;      Perch'io l'odo pregar pur ch'i' m'affretti.	O changeless memory!	with me abide!"	O pleasant country-side!	How honor grows, and pure devotion's flame,      How truth is joined with graceful dignity,      There thou mayst learn, and what the path may be      To that high heaven which doth her spirit claim;      There learn that speech, beyond all poet's skill,      And sacred silence, and those holy ways      Unutterable, untold by human heart.	Che luce è questa, e qual nova beltate?	XIV      La gola e 'l sonno e l'oziose piume      Hanno del mondo ogni vertù sbandita,      Ond'è dal corso suo quasi smarrita      Nostra natura, vinta dal costume;      Ed è sì spento ogni benigno lume      Del ciel, per cui s'informa umana vita,      Che per cosa mirabile s'addita      Chi vuol far d'Elicona nascer fiume.	VIII      She ruled in beauty o'er this heart of mine,      A noble lady in a humble home,      And now her time for heavenly bliss has come,      'Tis I am mortal proved, and she divine.	These doves, in taking flight, do not rise from the ground at once, but, edging themselves closer to the brink, with a caution almost ludicrous in such airy things, thrust themselves upon the breeze with a shy little hop, and at the next moment are securely on the wing.