"And, pray, what makes you think so, Miss Taylor?	The young ladies were closeted together for an hour.	We must take the average."	continued Mr. Wyllys.	The father may pass a statute once in a while, but the common-law which regulates the every-day proceedings of the little community flows from the mother; and we all know that the character is moulded rather by daily practice in trifles, than by a few isolated actions of greater importance in themselves.	"Who knows, Nelly, but you may call upon Jane first.	But I have no idea who the man can be; I don't know a single common seaman by sight or name--at least, the only one I ever knew is long since dead.	I wish you joy with all my heart," repeated his sister-in-law.	And, having secured Harry's attention, the half-fledged belle turned to another youth, within hailing distance.	"I doubt it very much, sir; I am sick of the very name of Hubbard.	But don't suppose I have not learned that Mr. Charles Hubbard is looked upon as one of our most promising young artists, and that several of his pictures are thought the best of their kind that have been painted this side the Atlantic."	"Shall I introduce Mrs. Stanley to you?	"And don't forget the Arithmetic, too," said Mr. Wyllys, smiling; "we had better look a little into Compound Interest, of course."	But, don't believe him, Nelly; I shan't give you up for a year to come."	"But have you no preference?"	It was therefore settled that Mrs. Graham, Jane, and the younger children, were to remain in New York, while the boy was under the care of Dr. S-----, in whom his parents had great confidence.	A light supper, and a Virginia reel, concluded the evening; when the party broke up.	For some time Elinor was very unhappy; she felt that the strongest and deepest affections of her heart had been neglected, rejected, undervalued, by one whose opinion she had learned to prize too highly.	Mind, Jane, you don't make too many conquests while I am gone.	"Terrapin-soup, pickled-oysters, lobsters, chicken-salad, and anything in the way of game that can be found in the market; do you think that will do for the substantial dishes, Mrs.	Some twenty minutes were passed in this manner by the aunt and niece, with feelings better understood than described.	At the boarding-house she patronised; and every morning between the hours of twelve and three, she might be seen at the window of the drawing-room, if it rained, or flitting up and down Broadway if the sun shone, generally attended by Captain Kockney, the long {sic} Englishman, whom she took great pleasure in showing off to the public.	Before I ordered my wedding-dress, I made Mr. Hilson promise I should have my own way about that.	No one can reproach me as severely as I reproach myself.	He was also very much improved in riding and dancing, and was said to fence well.	We have too many advantages of communication with the city for that."	Rosewood and satin, gilt bronzes and Sevres vases, were all of the best kind--and Mr. Taylor was perfectly satisfied with the effect of his two drawing-rooms.	"What sort of wood is the work-box that you chose for Miss Patsey?"	It was not often that Miss Patsey's little parlour was so full, and so much littered, as it had been that afternoon; it generally looked crowded, if it contained two or three persons besides the minister's portrait, and was thought out of order, if the large rocking-chair, or the clumsy, old-fashioned tea-table did not stand in the very positions they had occupied for the last twelve years.	asked Robert Hazlehurst, naturally feeling interested in his younger brother's choice.	Amid all her anxiety for Jane, Miss Wyllys could not but remark Hazlehurst's manner--he seemed entirely overcome, by his emotion; and yet he had not asked one question, nor made one offer to do anything for Elinor, or herself; and one would have thought it more natural that at such a moment he should have remained with them, pained and distressed as they were.	"Pray, let me look at it," said Elinor, "for, I thought, I recognised a friend."	"It will be a relief to you, to find so much aristocracy among us.	They had been for years near neighbours of Mr. Wyllys, and this gentleman had had it in his power, at different times, to render services of some importance to his French friends.	{"burn some coffee" = roast some coffee; "gig-oh" = a puffed "gigot" or "leg of mutton" sleeve; "pal-reen" = "pelerine", a cape or mantle; "gro de nap" = "gros de Naples", a weave of silk with a corded effect (French)} At five o'clock, Miss Patsey's company began to assemble; the Wyllyses were the first to appear; then came Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Van Horne, and Mrs. Clapp; Adeline excused herself, she thought it a bore, Charlie was not worth flirting with.	They must have arrived in the night, and to-morrow morning we shall have them here."	We have to do the civil to the rich girls, you know; because after a while most of us are driven into matrimony.	{"Frank" = a European Christian; "Grand Turk" = Ottoman Emperor} "My dear sir," said Harry, laughing, "how could I help it!	All the carters and farmers seem to use them.	Did you happen to hear him, doctor?"	"And I don't think I have seen such an honest, good-natured, pleasant face as her's, since I left Longbridge.	In fact, however, nothing was really known about the matter.	Is it possible he felt so little for me?	"It is to be hoped they will not interfere with each other," said Miss Agnes, smiling.	Well, of course, the others agreed; but then, how to find the five dresses alike!	"Whom was she going to see?"	We expect to have a great deal of gaiety, this fall; but, just at present, we have a scarcity of beaux."	Understand me, my child; I do not wish to urge your remaining single; that is a point which every woman must decide for herself, when arrived at years of discretion; but I would have you view a single life with sufficient favour to follow it cheerfully, rather than to sacrifice yourself by becoming the wife of a man whom you cannot sincerely respect.	His friends won't like to hear it; and I, for one, am very sorry that you are not as good an American as I took you for."	Then, Elinor had to kiss, and make acquaintance with several tiny pieces of humanity, in white frocks and lace caps--little creatures born during the past winter; of course, the finest babies one could wish to see, and the delight of their parents' hearts.	Love the memory of your parents, my child; think of us sometimes--think of your father--think of your mother.	From a long habit of considering the wants and pleasures of others first, she always seemed to think of herself last, as a matter of course.	{"Siamese twins" = Chang and Eng (1811-1874), born joined together in Thailand (Siam), of Chinese parents, who were exhibited in America for many years by P.T.	"Well, I really wonder," said Jane, "how Mrs. Hilson can endure that Captain Kockney."	said Elinor; "Aunt Agnes thinks the air of Paris has made you silent.	"Oh, it is too useful, not to have a straight-forward, common name; you may call it a sac, though, if you like.	cried Adeline, clapping her hands.	Discoverest thou no weakness lurking there?"	In a city, on the contrary, we live surrounded by strangers.	After a while, they went; but, what do you suppose the wretches did, Mr.	But Jane's disposition was very different from her sister Louisa's; she had no strength of character, and was easily led by those about her.	Miss Emmeline, as she passed, touched the curly head of one of the children, exclaiming as she did so, "fascinating cherub!"	And the two girls, hand-in-hand, ran lightly up stairs, where Elinor, making an excuse of Mrs. Taylor's note, left them to a confidential tete-a-tete.	To be sure, I never expect to make a fortune; if I can earn enough to support my mother and sister, and paint only such pictures as I please, that is all I want of the good things of this world."	inquired Alonzo.	She laid great stress on one point, the respect invariably paid by the young to the old, not only among the women, but the men, too."	You have been out with me a hundred times before, and you surely don't think there is any more danger because Tallman is of the party."	; Madame Gigot, of Paris:' wait a moment, Nelly, all in good time.	"Why, take it to the party this evening, of course."	"You must let us look at it, Charles," said Miss Agnes; "we have been waiting, you know, quite impatiently for the last week."	Miss Adeline threw off her over-cloak, and as she gave her hand to Mr. St. Leger, to jump from the sleigh, called out to Harry in her usual shrill voice, {sic} "Good morning, Mr. Hazlehurst, you are exact at the rendez-vous, for of course you got my note.	"Merrily, merrily dance the bells; Swiftly glides the sleigh!"	"Scarcely worth remembering, I fancy," she replied; and then made some observation about Mrs. Hubbard, to turn the conversation.	In an old state of society, there is always a class who labour after originality, and are proud to be called eccentric; but a young nation, cut off from the rest of the civilized world, must necessarily be imitative in its character until it has arrived at maturity.	The aims and views which people carry with them through life, generally spring up from seeds received in the nursery, or at the family fire-side.	Louis-Antoine Fauvelet de Bourrienne (1769-1834) was a French diplomat who served as Napoleon's private secretary during his invasion of Egypt} It is a rule, in composition, it was so, at least, when people wrote by rule, to compare the little with the great.	"It is impossible, however, but that genius like yours should make its way; and I hope you may meet with all the success you deserve, even though it bring you more money than you wish for: one of these days when there is a Mrs. Hubbard, you may want more than you require now."	you rather neglect them for the water."	"Two conquests!"	They were out for a couple of hours, landed on the opposite bank, and paid a visit to their friends, the Bernards, who lived a mile or two below them.	She is a very agreeable lady in conversation."	Some were very long and ridiculous; one was in verse.	The sympathising Jane had no sooner appeared, than Adeline exclaimed, {sic} "I am so perplexed, that I really don't know what to do!