Returning to London, some three months later, I found many of my former acquaintances were absent; but Lady Holberton, Miss Rowley, and Mr. T---- were all in town again.	His mother's name was Butler, and he claimed some sort of affinity with the author of Hudibras; as the Christian name of the poor poet had been almost entirely devoured by the ants, while the surname had also suffered here and there, Sir John ingeniously persuaded himself that what remained had clearly belonged to the signature of the great satirist; as for the date, the abbreviation of "Nov.	"Miss Rowley is undoubtedly a woman of principle--or good moral standing."	Sir John, a noted follower in the steps of Horace Walpole, had no sooner become the owner of this interesting letter, than he set to work to find out its origin, and to fill up its history.	It is true that the signature of the poor starving author, whoever he may have been, was so illegible that it required some imagination to see in it, the name of Otway, but Mr. Lumley had enough of the true antiquarian spirit, to settle the point to his own entire satisfaction.	{opened to the civilized world = following the so-called Opium War, Britain had in 1842 forced China to open trade with her} I was obliged to admit my inability to do so; and at the same moment the collecting instincts of Lady Holberton and Mr. T----, drew their attention to the corner where Miss Rowley and myself were conversing; as they moved toward us, Miss Rowley pocketed her list, throwing herself upon my honor not to betray the deficiencies in her role d'equipage, or the collecting negociations just opened between us.	Much sympathy was felt for the afflicted lady; even Miss Rowley called often to condole, but she was never admitted.	I remember one day, giving my tutor some musty old letter he found in the library at G----; and by the bye he came near cracking my skull on the same occasion!"	The trunk was sent, and the letter actually pasted in it as part of the new lining.	Dr. H----, who, as we have observed, was rather eccentric in his ways, had a son about to commence his career as a soldier; and the worthy man thought the letter might teach the youth a useful lesson of moderation and temperance, by showing him every time he opened his trunk, the extreme of want to which his fellow beings were occasionally reduced.	again inquired my lovely neighbor.	It is not the man, but the letter which engages our attention to-day.	It was just one hundred years since, in 1745, that this celebrated letter was first brought to light, from the obscurity in which it had already lain some half a century, and which no subsequent research has been able fully to clear away.	"I never had a doubt as to our success in the house, last night--no; rather wish me joy that I have at last triumphed in a negotiation of two years standing.	Then again, the subject of extreme want is one of general interest, while the allusion to the unpublished poem must always prove an especial attraction to the curious.	I shrunk from committing myself, however; declaring that I would as soon engage to procure a billet-doux from Prester John.	Lady Holberton is not a little proud of her Vidocq; but I have obtained one far superior to hers, one addressed to myself so piquant and gallant too.	Since you are so good, may I also trouble you to procure me a line from a very remarkable personage of your country--a very distinguished man--he has been President, or Speaker of the Senate, or something of that sort."	"Oh, my lord!--Thomas Otway clearly--signatures are always more or less confused.	Don't you ever read the papers that pass through your hands?"	A noted publisher had taken the matter into consideration, and if the undertaking gave promise of being both palatable to the public, and profitable to himself, a prospectus was to be issued.	"The same my lord--the poet Otway--you may remember we saw his Venice Preserved last week.	To which of our head men did Miss Rowley allude?	The younger Lumley immediately set to work to discover the original letter, but his search was fruitless; it was not to be found either among the papers of his uncle, or those of his father.	"No--merely a humble admirer of the labors of others."	Yet the exchange was very fair, especially as Madame Laffarge is still living."	{rowdies = in the mid-nineteenth century, an American slang term for backwoodsmen or other rough and disorderly types} I drew up a little at this request; my correspondents, I assured the lady, were generally men of respectability, though one of them was of a savage race.	The Coopers were familiar with his work; James Fenimore Cooper used quotations from Otway's "The Orphan" for three chapter heading epigraphs in his 1850 novel, "The Ways of the Hour"} "Otway?--What, the fellow you were boring me about last night?"	Now here was a little tit-bit which the public would doubtless relish; for it was beginning to feel some interest in Otway's starvation, the poet having been dead half a century.	And justly might the Lumley Letter claim a full share of literary homage.	"So you think this trumpery will do, D----?"	"Perhaps you correspond also with some rowdies, Mr. Howard?	"Oh dear!	With that excellent lady I take a tragical view of the Lumley Letter, conceiving that a man must be blind as a bat, not to see that it was written by the author of Venice Preserved, and this in spite of other celebrated collectors, who find in the same sheet so much that is comical and Hudibrastic.	In the month of August of that year, the Rev.	The old trunk had even the honorable duty assigned it of carrying its master's trophies, doubtless the most precious portion of the colonel's possessions, though at the same time the lightest; as for the rupees, the old worn-out box would have proved quite unequal to transporting a single bag of them, for it was now sadly unfit for service, thanks to the ravages of time and the white ants; and, indeed, owed its preservation and return to its native soil solely to the letter pasted in the lid, which, in the eyes of Colonel H----, was a memento of home, and the eccentric character of a deceased parent.	Howard?"	exclaimed Mr. T---- the distinguished collector, who sat next me.	One corner had been carried away by an unlucky thrust from a razor--not a sword; while the date and signature had also been half eaten out by the white ants of Bengal.	By his will, the MS. life of Otway with all his papers, passed into the hands of his brother, an officer in the army.	It is a highly interesting letter, written in great distress, and confirms the story of his starvation.	"It is as good as a sermon on charity to read that letter."	The advertisements remained unanswered.	Miss Rowley shook her head, and curled her lip, as if she fancied the lady had only been seeking to drive a hard bargain.	But stay--what's this?"	Accustomed, like most Americans, to assist a woman in any little difficulty, and with notions better suited perhaps to the meridian of Yankee-land than that of London, I asked if she were in any trouble.	Talma = Francois Talma (1763-1826), popular French playwright.	Or, perhaps, by taming him down to a mere producer of autographs, his habits will change so entirely that he will no longer be the same animal, no longer bear a comparison with the lion of the past.	I was sure of it from her smile, the moment I entered the room!"	True, there are controversies involving matters so important in their consequences, so serious in their nature, that one might conceive either indifference or fanaticism equally inexcusable with regard to them; but there are also a thousand other subjects of discussion, at the present day, of that peculiar character which can only thrive when supported by passion and prejudice, and falling in with a dispute of this nature, it is absolutely necessary to jump at once into fanaticism.	"It's one I've had these hundred years," replied the colonel.	Never can I forget the expressive gratitude that beamed on the fine countenance of Lady Holberton when I restored it once more to her possession.	Newtown pippin = a green, tart, tangy American apple, originally from Long Island, a favorite of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson; bonne bouche = a tasty morsel (French)} While the company were succeeding each other in offering their homage to the great album, my attention was called off by a tap on the shoulder from a friend, who informed me that Miss Rowley, a very clever, handsome woman of a certain age, had expressed a wish to make my acquaintance.	Reflect for a moment on the probable condition of distinguished authors, lions of the loudest roar, if the number of autograph-hunters were to increase beyond what it is at present.	Mr. Lumley was not a little pleased by this confirmation of the story, though he found that Lord G---- had not even read the letter, nor did he know any thing of its subsequent fate; he only remembered looking at the signature.	It happened that Colonel H---- was invited to a fancy ball; and it also happened that the lady whom he particularly admired, was to be present on the occasion.	I was shocked; surely Lady Holberton did not conceive it possible that any of her guests could be guilty of such base conduct?	{role d'equipage = muster roll (French); here, Miss Rowley's list of her autographs} The next day, in passing Holberton-House, I observed the chariot of a fashionable physician before the door; and at Miss Rowley's party in the evening learned from Mr. T---- that Lady Holberton was quite unwell.	I did credit the accusation, and immediately informed Lady Holberton of what I had observed, but forgotten, until reminded of the facts by her own remarks.	We puts them that's written for one trunk, and them that's printed for another, as you see, sir; one must have a heye to the looks of the work."	Not long after the meeting at which this explanation had taken place, Mr. Lumley received a visit from a stranger, requesting to see the MS. Life of Otway in his possession.	Some consolation, however, appeared to be derived from the assiduous attentions of Mr. T----, who personally admired Lady Holberton; at least he professed to do so, though some persons accused him of interested views, and aiming at her album rather than herself.	The heart sickens at the picture which would then be presented--collectors turning on each other, waging a fierce war over every autographic scrap, making a battle-field of every social circle.	In the present age of universal enlightenment, we don't trouble ourselves to make up our opinions--we take and give them, we beg, borrow, and steal them.	A cargo of American autographs arrived containing the letter of the Cherokee editor, the sign-manual of governors and colonels without number, and I even succeeded in obtaining epistles from several noted rowdies, especially to gratify the ladies.	A little volume written by Lady Holberton--printed but not published--relating its past history from the date of its discovery in the library of Lord G----, her grandfather, to the present day, passed from hand to hand, and this review of its various adventures of course only added force to the congratulations offered upon the acquisition of this celebrated autograph.	I offered her Grizzel Baillie, two Cardinals, William Pitt, and Grace Darling, for one of her Laffarges; but she would not part with it.	The application was mentioned by him, and, of course, the manuscript gained notoriety, while the original letter became a greater desideratum than ever.	{Gilbert = Nicolas Gilbert (1751-1780), French poet, who died in Paris at the age of 29.	"Not like Lady Holberton's, perhaps--but pretty well for a young nation."	The trunk, however, shared the young soldier's wandering life; it carried the cornet's uniform to America; it was besieged in Boston; and it made part of the besieging baggage at Charleston.	"It was this paper, my lord, which made me so awkward--I have lighted on a document of the greatest interest!"	At length, after passing five-and-twenty years in Bengal, the trunk returned again to Southampton, as one among some dozen others which made up the baggage of the gallant Colonel H----, now rich in laurels and rupees.	"Why yes!	"Yes, where an autograph is concerned, Theodosia Rowley has all the principle of a Magpie."	{Otway = Thomas Otway (1652-1685), English playwright who wrote a number of important tragedies in verse, but who died destitute at the age of 33.	exclaimed Lady Holberton, quite thrown off her guard one day, by the sight of Miss Rowley's card which she threw into the fire.	Grizzel Baillie = Lady Grizel Baillie (1665-1746), Scottish poet.	"It must have been stolen--basely stolen--on the evening of my party.	On hearing that such was the case, Miss Rowley's anxiety on the subject increased immeasurably; but I assured her the old gentleman only put his name to treaties, and tariffs; and although his sons were wonderfully gallant, yet he himself had never condescended to notice any woman but a queen regnant: and I further endeavored to give some idea of his identity.	"He is called Uncle Sam, I believe."	You will see those that are wanting, and very possibly may suggest others."	But leaving the poor poet, with his sorrows, to the regular biographer, we choose rather the lighter task of relating the history of the letter itself; a man's works are often preferred before himself, and it is believed that in this, the day of autographs, no further apology will be needed for the course taken on the present occasion.