The papers are interesting, furthermore, as showing how a cleverish man, with considerable gifts of presence and of brain, with his re-actionary Toryism dominant, and made a fetich of, can still keep a good digestion and go in a respectable fashion through a long life--backwards, instead of “face to the front.” In this connection it is difficult to keep out of mind that other Toryish administrator of the _Quarterly_ bombardments of reform and of Liberalists--I mean Lockhart (to whom reference has already been made in the present volume), and who, with all of Croker’s personal gifts, added to these a still larger scorn than that of his elder associate in the Quarterly conclaves, for those whose social disabilities disqualified them for breathing the rarefied air which circulated about Albemarle Street and the courts of Mr. Murray.	He was brisk, _débonnaire_, cheery--a famous talker; not given to anecdotes or storytelling, but bubbling over with engaging book-lore and poetic hypotheses, and eager to put them into those beautiful shapes of language which came--as easily as water flows--to his pen or to his tongue.	We never forget his strenuous, high-colored personality, and the seething of his prejudices--whether his talk is of Napoleon (in which he is not reverent of average British opinion), or of Sir Joshua Reynolds, or of Burke’s brilliant oratorical apostrophes.	And yet, somehow, the memory of Byron does not seem to me to mate well with either home or church quietudes, and their serenities.	But at last the ruin came; on a sudden the sheriffs were there; and clerks with their inventories in place of the “Tokens” and “annuals”--with their gorgeous engravings by Finden & Heath--which the Mistress had exploited; and she hurried off--after the elegant D’Orsay--to Paris, hoping to rehabilitate herself, on the Champs Elysées, under the wing of Louis Napoleon, just elected President.	_John Keats._ Yet another singer of these days, in most earnest sympathy with the singing moods of Shelley--for whom I can have only a word now, was John Keats;[75] born within the limits of London smoke, and less than three-quarters of a mile from London Bridge--knowing in his boy days only the humblest, work-a-day ranges of life; getting some good Latinity and other schooling out of a Mr. Clarke (of the Cowden Clarke family)--reading Virgil with him, but no Greek.	Bell is in health, and unvaried     good humor.	Smallish men should beware how they copy methods which want fulness of power and the besom of enthusiasm to fill out their compass.	Mr. William Winter, in his _Gray Days and Gold_, has given a very charming account of this home of Moore’s and of its neighborhood--so full of English atmosphere, and of the graces and benignities of the Irish poet, as to make me think regretfully of my tamer mention.	As early as 1835-40, Lord Brougham had purchased an estate in the south of France, in a beautiful nook of that mountain shore which sweeps eastward from the neighborhood of Marseilles--along the Mediterranean, and which so many travellers now know by the delights of the Cornice Road and Monaco, and Mentone, and San Remo.	He plants, he builds, he plays the monarch in those solitudes.	Yet Mackintosh was always plotting great literary designs; but his fastidious taste, and his critical hunger for all certainties, kept him forever in the search of new material and appliances.	His peerage, however, only saved this “wicked lord,” as he was called, from prison; and at Newstead his life smouldered out in 1798, under clouds of hate, and of distrust.	Indeed, I am half-disposed to repent what may have seemed a too flippant mention of this very graceful poet and essayist.	And if Pelhamism had its speedy subsidence, the same writer put such captivating historic garniture and literary graces about the Italian studies of _Rienzi_, and of the _Last Days of Pompeii_, as carry them now into most libraries, and insure an interested reading--notwithstanding a strong sensuous taint and sentimental extravagances.	127 _et seq._ [41] John Wilson Croker, b.	It was a dark day for him when his mirror showed wrinkles that his cosmetics would not cover, and a stoop in the shoulders which his tailors could not bolster out of sight.	Yet in all these, he arrogated more than his share of the honor, wearying his associates by incessant bickering and scolding, picking flaws in everything not entirely his own; jealous, suspicious, conceited to the last degree; never generous in praise of one living beside him; an enormous worker, with sinews of iron, and on occasions (which are of record) speaking and wrangling in the House of Commons until two of the morning, and then going home--not to sleep--but to write a thirty-page article for the _Edinburgh Review_.	1775; d. 1864.	With its Macaulay endorsement, it makes a unique autograph, now in the possession of the Messrs. Longmans--but destined to find place eventually among the manuscript treasures of the British Museum.	Indeed, I think it was at the home of the latter that De Quincey first encountered the tall, lusty John Wilson--brimful of enthusiasm and all country ardors; brimful, too, of gush, and all poetic undulations of speech.	An infinite capability for eloquent verse; an infinite capability for badnesses!	_Lalla Rookh._ Mr. Moore had his little country vacations--among them, that notable stay up in the lovely county of Derbyshire, near to Ashbourne and Dovedale, and the old fishing grounds of Walton and of Cotton--where he wrote the larger part of his first considerable poem, _Lalla Rookh_--which had amazing success, and brought to its author the sum of £3,000.	Hucknall-Torkard is half way between Nottingham and Newstead, and lies upon that northern road which pushes past Annesley into the region of woods and parks where Sherwood forest once flung its shadows along the aisles in which the bugle notes of master Robin Hood woke the echoes.	_Conversations with Lord Byron_, 1834.	[76] “Ode to a Nightingale,” vi.	His vanities are not only elastic, but--by his own bland and child-like admissions--they seem sometimes almost monumental.	“I was married     this day week.	One darkest glen     Sends from its woods of musk-rose twined with jasmine     A soul-dissolving odor, to invite     To some more lovely mystery.	He appears from time to time on the benches of the Upper House, but never spoke there.	But she was not of the order of women out of which are made martyrs for conscience’s sake.	thou wanderer thro’ the woods,     How often has my spirit turned to thee!	Cuthbert Southey, 1849-50.	He had published that dreamy poem of _Alastor_--himself its poet hero, as indeed he was in a large sense of every considerable poem he wrote.	I note at random, such as _novel-ish erector_ (for builder), _lambencies_, _apricating_, _aculeated_; using words not rarely, etymologically, and for some recondite sense attaching.	[38] Smith, Jeffrey, Brown, Horner, and Brougham.	This, at any rate, is the phantasmic outline which a reading leaves upon my own memory.	grieve no more!	Certain scholastic honors, too, he did reap, in spite of his lunges outside the traces; there was a medal for his poem of _Pompeii_; and a Fellowship, at last, which gave him a needed, though small income--his father’s Afric business having proved a failure, and no home moneys coming to him thereafter.	Charles Scott, the only brother of the younger Sir Walter, died in 1841.	And what was it?	On December 10, 1815, his daughter Ada was born; and on April 25th, next ensuing, he sailed away from England forever.	_Wilson in Scotland._ But all that delightful life amidst the woods of Elleray--with its game-cocks, and boats, and mountain rambles, and shouted chorus of Prometheus--comes to a sharp end.	[14] Dorothy Wordsworth, under date of 1809, writes to her friend, Lady Beaumont--“Surely I have spoken to you of Mr. Wilson, a young man of some fortune, who has built a house in a very fine situation not far from Bowness.… He has from boyhood been a passionate admirer of my brother’s writings.	We traced him from the keeping of that passionate mother--who smote him through and through with her own wrathful spirit--to the days when he uttered the “Idle” songs--coined in the courts of Cambridge--and to those quick succeeding days, when his mad verse maddened English bards and Scotch reviewers.	The peacock’s plumes, the shiver of the crystal, the glitter of Babylon, always charmed him.	Listen again to what he has to say in his _Indicator_ upon “A Coach”:--     “It is full of cushions and comfort; elegantly colored inside and     out; rich yet neat; light and rapid, yet substantial.	She is     a very superior woman, and very little spoiled … a girl of twenty,     an only child and a _savante_, who has always had her own way.” This evidently does not promise a very ardent correspondence.	Yet they do not hold place among great and popular essays; not with Macaulay, or Mackintosh, or Carlyle, or even Hazlitt.	i., p. 369) speaks of a dinner at Lady Holland’s--Macaulay being present--when her ladyship, growing tired of the eloquence of Speakers of the House of Commons and Fathers of the Church, said: “Well, Mr. Macaulay, can you tell us anything of dolls--when first named or used?” Macaulay was ready on the instant--dilated upon Roman dolls and others--citing Persius, “_Veneri donato a virgine puppæ_.” [86] See p. 116, _Ante_.	There is little of interest in Campbell’s personal history; he married a cousin; lived, as I said, mostly in London, or its immediate neighborhood.	But he is not the man to lose his hold on London; so he goes over seas only to put a deputy in place, and then, with a swift run through our Atlantic cities, is back again.	Abbotsford, 66;     the author’s visit to, 67 _et seq._; 81.	[33] And he does at last come to the million--getting, after his Whig friends came into power, and after the Reform revolution was over, the royal appointment to a canonry in connection with St. Paul’s Cathedral.	In a few years, however, he secured a valuable church gift in Yorkshire, where he built a rectory--the ugliest and “honest-est house” in the county--and entertained London and Scottish friends there, and grew to enjoy--much as he could--the trees, flowers, and lawns which he planted, and with which he coquetted, though only in a half-hearted way.	Indeed it is not a little extraordinary that one of the most typical of English poets, should--like Landor, with whom he had many traits in common--have passed so little of his active life on English ground.	[89] Frederick Marryat, b.	The father’s first London home was near by Lombard Street, where he managed an African agency under the firm name of Macaulay & Babington; and the baby Macaulay used to be wheeled into an open square near by, for the enjoyment of such winter’s sunshine as fell there at far-away intervals.	The building is heavy and bald, without the winning picturesqueness that belongs to so many old country churches of Yorkshire.	His petulance and angry sarcasm and frequent ill-nature made him a much hated man in his latter days, and involved him in abusive tirades, which people were slow to forgive.	I have designated two of the arch plotters, Sydney Smith and Jeffrey.	There were critics who ranked him with, or above, Scott--even in fiction.	After the issue of its second couplet of volumes the publishers sent to the author a check for £20,000 on account.	’tis thy voice from the Kingdom of Souls     Faintly answering still the notes that once were so dear.” And again:--     “Dear Harp of my Country!	We will not forget the “Abou-ben-Adhem;” nor shall its commonness forbid our setting this charmingly treated Oriental fable, at the end of our mention of Hunt--a memorial banderole of verse:--     “Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)	I notice a disposition in some recent writers to disparage this notable country home as pseudo-Gothic and flimsy.	Were it only for this, ’tis hardly fair to count him a mere posture-master and a dandy.	_Hunt’s Verse._ But over all this we stretch a veil now, woven out of the little poems that he has left.	[42] Very much piquant talk about George IV.	Adventures of most hazardous and romantic qualities were not wanting under such an officer, all of which were stored in the retentive memory of the enthusiastic and observant midshipman, and thereafter, for years succeeding, were strewn with a free hand over his tales of the sea.	He was as cruel as he was fine; shot a peasant once, in cold blood, and dragged him home after his saddle beast.	Very few knew of it; fewer still ever read it.	Better lectures in his province may very possibly have been written by others elsewhere--more close, more compact, more thoroughly thought out, more methodic.	There was no need for that.	Who its love, without them, can fancy--or sweet floor?	But the curate did meet often, and most intimately, a certain prim, delicate, short-statured, black-eyed, smug, ambitious, precocious young advocate named Francis Jeffrey; and it was in a chamber of this latter--up three pair of stairs in Buccleugh Place--that Sydney Smith, on a certain occasion, proposed to the host and two or three other friends there present, the establishment of a literary journal to be published quarterly; and out of that proposition grew straightway that famous _Edinburgh Review_ which in its covers of buff and blue has thrived for over ninety years now--throwing its hot shot into all opposing camps of politics or of letters.	It gave relief, however, from paternal protection, until the husband proved worse than the father, and separation ensued--made good (after some years of tumultuous, uneasy life) by the violent and providential death of the recreant husband.	There was a spilling of hot drink of some sort, during the visitation, which came near to scalding the lad; and when the sympathizing hostess asked after his suffering: “Thank you, madam,” said he, “the agony is abated!” The story is delightfully credible; and so are other pleasant ones of his reciting some of his doggerel verses to Hannah More and getting a gracious and approving nod of her gray curls and of her mob-cap.	At his home there, amongst the olives, the oleanders and the orange-trees, the disappointed and petulant ex-chancellor passed most of the later years of his life.	Poor children--they all drop away, one by one--two only reaching maturity--then dying.	He marries, too, while this mountain passion is on him, a young girl of French or Swiss extraction--led like a lamb into the lion’s grasp.	With such foregoers of his own name, one might look for bad blood in the boy; nor was his mother saint-like; she had her storms of wrath; and from the beginning, I think, gave her boy only cruel milk to drink.	He died, as we shall find later, in the year 1820, when the Regent succeeded, and reigned for ten years.