exclaimed Sir Benjamin in very apparent relief.	The Major glanced from his disordered dress to the Sergeant's bloody face: "Are you hurt, Zeb?"	she answered and clasping her arm about him set her cheek to his, and the Viscount, glancing from one face to the other, fell back in staring surprise.	"John," she murmured, "you dear, noble, generous Jack--ah, don't you see?	I do love your respect and reverent homage, 'tis this doth make me yearn to be more worthy--but alack!	And why, Tom?"	'Tis then agreed--O 'twill be pure!	"None, sir."	said the Major.	"Naughty lad!"	"But hope an' expect to observe same to-night towards the hour o' midnight or thereabouts and if so, shall immediately try what cold steel can do agin it."	"A Gad's name--why?"	"Hum!"	Here, meeting his ardent gaze, she flushed and drooped her lashes, yet nestled closer.	he enquired.	said the Major.	"I'm glad o' that, Zeb, very!"	But Betty was in London and London's the devil of a way from Carlisle.	"Drunk as usual, Jerry?"	growled Mr. Marchdale.	"Only now I must go!"	Inside, sheltered from rain and wind the Major unloosed his heavy coat and took from under his arm a certain knobby bludgeon and twirled it in the dark while Sergeant Zebedee, hard by, struck flint and steel, but the tinder was damp and refused to burn.	The Major bowed: "May I pour you a glass of wine, Captain Effingham?	wailed the Lady Belinda, starting up from her cushions.	The rascal fences purely well, I vow."	exclaimed the Major.	"'Tis a true saying, Zeb," he sighed, "a true saying and not to be controverted."	"And my name is Betty and yours is John and we are neighbours.	They would naturally search there first and very thoroughly."	And your jack-boots is buckle-shoes, and you're very much alive, ain't you, sir--so I'll ax you to pick up your property and to get back over the wall yonder and to do it--prompt, sir."	"Stop!"	"And in danger, d'ye say?	"Thank'ee humbly, my Benjamin!"	Mr. Dalroyd took one, balanced it and cursed its weight and clumsiness.	"Nay, he's very secret."	exclaimed the Colonel suddenly.	You learn precisely when the soldiers march for Westerham and, if need be, you make your excuses and ride back to warn me of their coming.	"Ha--begad!	he enquired.	Where?	exclaimed the Sergeant suddenly, "clean through the gizzard, sir!"	"And now," she questioned, "why do you tramp to and fro sleepless all night?	"The lane makes a bend there sir, and when I saw I stopped----" "So here's the true cause of your quarrel, Tom?"	said the Major.	"You were wiser to avoid Sir Oliver Rington's neighbourhood, and here's somewhat to aid you on your way."	the fount, the source, the mainspring of valour, is't not?	He was close upon the combatants when one staggered and fell, another was beaten to his knees and then the earl was upon them.	exclaimed the Sergeant, starting.	"No, no, my dear, no no!"	"Who, mam?"	"A free-lance in love, I--to woo precisely how and where and--when, I choose."	"But I have seen it!"	"Yes," he answered, "because of her memory I have lived a hard life and let love go by nor thought of it."	For once in her twenty-two years of life my lady Betty felt herself at a disadvantage; twice she turned to speak but he, walking behind with head bowed, seemed utterly oblivious of her, wherefore she held her peace and threw up proud head disdainfully.	To-night you did look on me as I had committed--as I had been--O 'twas a hateful look!	"Egad you're in the right on't--er--I fear my attention was wandering as 'twere--though I listen very well with my eyes shut!"	she commanded, speaking over her shoulder, "I've heard enough, aye--enough for a lifetime!"	she enquired gravely.	"'Twas a woman's notion," explained Sir Jasper, "a whim, a fancy.	And bowing again, he crossed to the open window, stepped out into the dark and was gone.	"A pint-pot is an awkward weapon, Zebedee!"	"But if there is to be a little bit o' cut and thrust work to-night, your honour, 'tis as well to be prepared."	Up rose the Marquis, tossed off his glass, fished a somewhat crumpled paper from his pocket and incontinent gave tongue:   "A song I sing in praise of Bet   I sing a song o' she, sirs   O let the ploughboy curse and sweat   But what is that to me, sirs?	There's Dalroyd----" "The 'die-away' gentleman?"	"Sir," answered the Sergeant, picking up the foil, "I were!"	"Here, sir!"	"Betty," he cried impulsively, "I was a fool!	"Save us, Jack, but ya're curst gloomy, I think!"	I wonder----" "Betty!"	"What is't?"	'Tis Betty herself and she's seen us!	"O!"	"Come, stoop your head!"	suggested Mr. Dalroyd.	Upon the night without, was a sound of voices that grew ever louder, the one hoarse and querulous the other upraised in quavering song:   "O 'tis bien bowse, 'tis bien bowse,     Too little is my skew.	"Enough, sir--whoso hath eyes must worship!	"Indeed--whose?"	But indeed she's so wickedly wilful, so fly-by-night, so rampant o' youth and--and unreason."	"But 'tis so awkward and someone might see----" "Not a soul!"	"Then, if she's willing, Zeb, marry by all means and before I go I'll----" "Begging your pardon, sir, can't be done--not to be thought on--if you wed why then I wed, if so be as she'll have me, sir, and vicey-versey, but if you don't, I don't and versey-vicey as in dooty bound, sir."	Same features, same gestures, same height----" "Nay I swear I'm taller by a good inch, Tom----" "But the similarity is wonderful----" "Except for his voice!"	The Sergeant sighed and shook reproachful head.	"Then I vow 'tis most provoking in him!