says Tressady, in a while, 'Here is foul reek, Ben, foul reek.'	Now whether the Indian's knife was poisoned or no I cannot say, but for two days I lay direly sick and scarce able to crawl, conscious only of the soothing tones of her voice and touch of her hands.	says I, and stopped; and glancing up, found her regarding me with look mighty strange.	CHAPTER XXVIII I BECOME A JACK-OF-ALL-TRADES Early next morning, having bathed me in the pool and breakfasted with my companion on what remained of our goat's-flesh, I set to work to build me a fireplace in a fissure of the rock over against the little valley and close beside a great stone, smooth and flat-topped, that should make me an anvil, what time my companion collected a pile of kindling-wood.	"No!"	he roared.	"'Twas all of dead men and murder!"	And staring up at this, of a sudden back rushed memory (and with it my hopeless misery) for now I remembered how, but a few short hours since, my dear lady had prophesied this new moon.	"In my cabin," says she, meeting my scowl with eyes serene and all untroubled.	quoth I.	So now must I tell you this ...	And there are many pictures excellent well painted.	And now as I went on, crossing the stream at a place where were stepping-stones, set there by other hands than mine, as I went, I say, I must needs think what a surly, ill-mannered fellow I was, contrasting the gross man I was become with the gentle, sweet-natured lad I had been.	At last she was sent away to a school and the years passed, but she never forgot the name of Martin, though he forgot her quite ... but ... you ... you remember now, Martin--O, you remember now?"	"Had I but a handful of salt, Martin!"	"Why, so you shall and judge thereby whether he be rogue or no, for 'tis beyond me."	And then I knew that I had found--Black Bartlemy's Treasure!"	"And our men, Adam?"	says I, a little shamefaced.	"But stayed to do his share of the fighting, Martin."	Having no more mind to sleep (and the moon so marvellous bright) I wandered forth of these shadowy rocks and, being upon the sands, stood to look about me.	We fought on a shelf o' rock high above the sea, my knife agin his knife and hook--'twas that same hook gave me this scar athwart my jaw--but as he struck, I struck and saw him go spinning over and over, down and down and splash into the sea.	And here Adam sighed mighty dismal.	"For one thing, a cooking-pot, Martin."	Now at this (and all careless of my pistol) he drew a slow pace nearer, great head out-thrust, peering.	And my second wonder was a silver beaker or ewer, very artfully wrought and all chased and embossed with designs of fruit and flower and of a rare craftsmanship, and this jug set within my reach and half-full of milk.	and he pointed to a mound of sand hard by.	Speak plain, Godby, I'm no mariner!"	I tested my knife on my thumb.	"Do I look it, Martin?"	But now indeed sea and rocks grew all blurred and misty on my sight, and twice I must needs rest awhile ere we came on Deliverance Sands.	I cried.	Yet 'tis a poor small naked rogue and in two days cometh my 'Ladies' Delight' and Tressady with his hook.	"Look'ee, dog!"	"Look now," quoth I, as she rose, "in losing the world you do lose everything--."	"Why, a man's thoughts are but thoughts," says I, watching where she braided a long tress of her hair.	This shirt hath turned death thrice already--once i' the breast here and twice 'twixt the shoulders.	To your dainty knees, wench--down!'	As for Adam he stood pinching his chin the while his quick, bright eyes darted from one to other of us.	Speak!"	"And you did it that I might eat?"	Being upon the terrace, I glanced up to find her leaning to watch me and with the moon bright on her face.	"God's pity--loose me, Martin!"	says she.	My companion being absent I seated myself in the shade and began opening the oysters with my knife as well as I might; in the which occupation she presently found me, and grew very merry at my clumsy efforts.	Thus, my fears allayed, and bethinking me how savoury was a mess of goat's-flesh, I fell a-watering at the mouth like the hungry animal I was.	And now (at her earnest solicitation) I told her all my association with Adam, of my haunted days and nights aboard ship and my suspicions of Tressady; only I spoke nothing of Adam's avowed intent to steal the "Faithful Friend" to his own purposes.	And know this--when you scowl so, all sullen-eyed, I know you for the very image of Black Bartlemy!"	And my head pillowed thus I fell a-weeping, but these tears were tears of joy and thankfulness beyond all words.	muttered Joel, shaking his head.	But all the while my anger swelled within me for the folly I had uttered to her, in a moment of impulse, concerning love.	"'Who shall say, Roger?	"'Tis very dark, shall we not have a light?"	I shot him!"	I had thought of cutting it off."	"As the sailor-man who watched you as you lay a-groaning in your sleep outside the Conisby Arms, I guessed you one o' the Conisby breed by your ring, and as one born and bred here in Kent I mind well the adage, 'To hate like a Brandon and revenge like a Conisby,' and by God, my lord, you are a true Conisby, it seemeth!	"What do you make now, Martin?"	But, Martin--O Martin, the dead is alive again--see how I'm all gashed with his hook."	"Taken--off--Hispaniola?"	"How do you know of this?"	There be two at the fore,   At the main be three more,   Dead men that swing all of a row;   Here's fine, dainty meat   For the fishes to eat:   Black Bartlemy--Bartlemy ho!	"O Martin, surely God hath had us in His care to bring us safe through so many dangers, and methinks His gentle hand will be over us still."	"So endeth my hope of righting a great wrong.	I questioned as we went on again and I very conscious of her hand yet upon my arm.	"Providence!"	Now as luck would have it, Gregory overtakes me (as I had purposed he should, I being minded to get even wi' him for good and all).	"The very same!"	"And for these gaudy birds I would give them all for one honest English robin or sweet-throated black bird!"	So come let us begin."	"Pray you," she questioned, "when may we hope to reach the island and be free of each other?"	I would have a pan--with handles if you could contrive.	So stood she awhile, the gentlemen beside her (very brave in their velvets and new-fangled great periwigs) until came her maid Marjorie; then she sighed, acknowledged the gentlemen's bows and flourishes with a graceful curtesy, and bidding them a laughing "good-night" went her way, her shapely arm about Marjorie's trim waist.	"Have you any bones broke?"	Being upon my bed she brings the lamp, and kneeling by me would examine my hurt whether I would or no, and I being weak, off came my shirt.	And how came they buried?'	O blind, blind!"	And down she sits with folded hands, watching me mighty solemn and demure and I very conscious of her scrutiny.	"So here" (thinks I) "is Adam's 'notable fall of water,'" and sitting down, I fell to viewing the place, munching my grapes the while.	Having thus traversed the whole reef and explored the rocks beyond very thoroughly, I cast me down beside the lagoon to bathe my hands and face and rest myself awhile.	And thus merciful sleep found me at last.	'Twas but lately I learned the truth from his secret papers ... and ... O 'twas all there ... even the price he paid to have you carried to the plantations!	"Is home then so dear to you?"	A pistol flashed and roared and then another as I leapt with whirling axe and darting knife.