Would you go to him whose shake of the head had sullied a generous action or a mere impulse that was pure?	Look through the passive correspondence of any man, and you shall find in it an astonishing unity.	Let us be humble, and learn to distinguish between accident and essence.	Thus do I conceive it to be with Hilda and Solness; it is thus surely that they regard each other.	But all this is nothing, and is not even near to the outer lights of the abyss.	Happily, even in those whose vision is most limited, there is always something that acts in silence as though they had seen.	It was the _nature_ of disaster with which the earliest tragic writers were, all unconsciously, preoccupied, and this it was that, though they knew it not, threw a solemn shadow round the hard and violent gestures of external death; and it is this, too, that has become the rallying-point of the most recent dramas, the centre of light with strange flames gleaming, about which revolve the souls of women and of men.	Every evening will its sisters recognise the soul that pronounced the word, and henceforth, be the conversation never so trivial, its mere presence will, I know not how, add thereto something of majesty.	Is it indeed essential that your mother should breathe her last in your arms, that your children should perish in a shipwreck, and that you yourself should pass by the side of death, for you at length to understand that you have your being in an incomprehensible world where you shall be for ever, where an unseen God, who is eternally alone, dwells with His creatures?	It is death that is the guide of our life, and our life has no goal but death.	And it is from this moment that he truly belongs to us.	But others there are who linger for a moment, who look at us with an eager smile, and seem to be on the point of confessing that they know all; and then, towards their twentieth year, they leave us, hurriedly, muffling their footsteps, as though they had just discovered that they had chosen the wrong dwelling-place, and had been about to pass their lives among men whom they did not know.	What was there that divided us from them?	I have known more than one man who performed every act of kindness and mercy without touching a single soul; and I have known others, who seemed to live in falsehood and injustice, yet were no souls driven from them nor did any for an instant even believe that these men were not good.	Thousands and thousands of laws there are, mightier and more venerable than those of passion; but, in common with all that is endowed with resistless force, these laws are silent, and discreet, and slow-moving; and hence it is only in the twilight that they can be seen and heard, in the meditation that comes to us at the tranquil moments of life.	It is only the life of violence, the life of bygone days, that is perceived by nearly all our tragic writers; and truly may one say that anachronism dominates the stage, and that dramatic art dates back as many years as the art of sculpture.	There are moments when it would seem as though we were on the threshold of a new pessimism, mysterious and, perhaps, very pure.	Would she, like a bashful maiden, cloak beneath her long hair the numberless sins of the flesh?	Nothing is visible, and yet all is revealed.	The result can never be foretold; all this comes to pass in a heaven that never warns; and therefore it is that the tenderest of lovers will often defer to the last hour of all the solemn entry of the great revealer of the depths of our being.... For they too are well aware—the love that is truly love brings the most frivolous back to life’s centre—they too are well aware that all that had gone before was but as children playing outside the gates, and that it is now that the walls are falling and existence lying bare.	The others are all watching eagerly around us like little children in front of a marvellous palace.	You can play in life as innocently ‘as a child about a death-bed,’ and it is not the tears that are indispensable.	May it not be at the bedside of the last agony that is woven the veritable and most precious crown of sage and hero, and of all who have known how to live earnestly amid the sorrows, lofty, pure, and discreet, of life according to the soul?	Seeking our sorrows, we shall be the most effectively seeking ourselves, for truly may it be said that the value of ourselves is but the value of our melancholy and our disquiet.	It is there in its simplicity, smiling on the threshold of our soul; and those in whom its smiles lie deepest, or shine forth most frequently, may make us suffer day and night and they will, yet shall it be beyond our power to cease to love them....	And to come nearer to our own time—though Racine may indeed be the unerring poet of the woman’s heart, who would dare to claim for him that he has ever taken one step towards her soul?	We believe we have discovered a grotto that is stored with bewildering treasure; we come back to the light of day, and the gems we have brought are false—mere pieces of glass—and yet does the treasure shine on, unceasingly, in the darkness!	Is it beyond the mark to say that the true tragic element, normal, deep-rooted, and universal, that the true tragic element of life only begins at the moment when so-called adventures, sorrows, and dangers have disappeared?	Does it not seem as though the supreme cry of the soul were at last about to pierce the dense clouds of error that still envelop it in music?	So little!	For one instant has a soul dared to reveal itself, even such as it is in love and sorrow, such as it is in face of death and in the solitude that dwells around the stars of night.	From that moment, the merest nothing reveals His presence, and the greatness of our life depends on so little!	Then it is no longer necessary that a great king should die for us to remember that ‘the world does not end at the house-doors,’ and not an evening passes but the smallest thing suffices to ennoble the soul.	Their abiding-place is at the foot itself of the Inevitable, whose well-worn paths are visible to them more clearly than to us.	Is it while I flee before a naked sword that my existence touches its most interesting point?	Nay, there are moments when it bears the semblance of an ultimatum; and therefore does it behove us to neglect nothing, but indeed with all eagerness to accept this imperious invitation, that is like unto the dream that is lost for ever, unless instantaneously seized.	And if, like Don Juan, we take a thousand and three to our embraces, still shall we find, on that evening when arms fall asunder and lips disunite, that it is always the same woman, good or bad, tender or cruel, loving or faithless, that is standing before us.	It is possible for you to cause extraordinary tears to flow; it is possible that you may fill a heart with unheard of certitudes, and give eternal life unto a soul, and no one shall know of it, nor shall you even know yourself.	At school we were vaguely conscious of them.	And the reason must surely be that these things were not so clearly evident then: for at every period there have been men who penetrated to the innermost recesses of life, to its most secret affinities: and all that they learned of the heart, the soul and the spirit of their epoch has been handed down to us.	What god, that is indeed on the heights, but must smile at our gravest faults, as we smile at the puppies on the hearthrug?	Were they forming a circle round it, and trying to keep it hidden from indifferent eyes?	The sage needs no such violent arousing.	Which of us, when by the side of the most ordinary person perhaps, but has suddenly become conscious of the advent of something that none had summoned?	Long, slowly falling tears are needed here.	Yet has each one of them, when alone, more than once lived in accord with his soul.	The lowest of men would rather be just than unjust: we all worship, we all pray, numbers of times every day, without knowing it.’ And we are surprised when chance suddenly reveals to us the importance of this divine part.	For the soul of man is a guest that has gone hungry these centuries back, and never has it to be summoned twice to the nuptial feast.	Wildly pressing down their eyelids, so as not to see that which had to be seen—struggling with all their puny strength against the eternal forces—they will contrive perhaps to cross the road and go towards another, sent thither but not for them.	If I push open to-day the door of the house wherein I am to meet the first smiles of a sorrow that shall know no end, I do these things for a longer time than one imagines.	What can I learn from creatures who have but one fixed idea, and who have no time to live, for that there is a rival, or a mistress, whom it behoves them to put to death?	I know not.	Why do they come to us like the bee to the hive, like the dove to the cote; and where do they find a resting-place when we are not there to meet them?	And all that is might well be more mysterious still.	Will the day ever dawn when we shall be what we are?...	In the meanwhile, we felt that they were strangers in our midst.	But in what life are there not thousands of hours akin to the hour in that drama where all are waiting for the divine intervention, and none perceive it, till an invisible thought that has flitted across the consciousness of a dying man suddenly reveals itself, and an old man cries out, sobbing for joy and terror, ‘But God, there is God!’.... Must we always be warned, and can we only fall on our knees when some one is there to tell us that God is passing by?	It matters not.	We are told that in the very temple of love we do but obey the unvarying orders of an invisible throng.	They have but obeyed, and even though the saint be deceived and sold by the man he has preferred, still will there abide with him something imperishable, something by which he shall know that he was right and that he has nothing to regret.	It would seem, at moments such as these, as though humanity were on the point of struggling from beneath the crushing burden of matter that weighs it down.	For indeed nothing of beauty can pass by and be altogether unperceived.	And even so do we know that this other will sally forth in vain in pursuit of adventure.	I have known many whom the same death was leading by the hand, and when my memory dwells upon them I see a band of children, of youths and maidens, who seem to be all coming forth from the same house.	I am ever standing at the sea-shore; and, were I Plato, Pascal, or Michael Angelo, and the woman I loved merely telling me of her earrings, the words I would say and the words she would say would appear but the same as they floated on the waves of the fathomless inner sea, that each of us would be contemplating in the other.	Our soul will not become earnest and deep-searching, as is the soul of the angels, for that we have, for one fleeting instant, beheld the universe in the shadow of death or eternity, in the radiance of joy or the flames of beauty and love.	Which of us—an’ he question himself the side of the light, from which our gaze is habitually averted—which of us but will find in himself the recollection of certain strange workings of this force?	This is known to nearly all men; but know it though they may, it is only when fortune or death lashes them that they grope around the wall of life in search of the crevices through which God may be seen.	That they are ever pressing upon life, unceasingly and with prodigious force—this was unsuspected of all—and the philosopher hastened back to familiar studies of passion, and of incident that floated on the surface.	At moments we might believe it to be a recollection, furtive but excessively keen, of the great primitive unity.	Sophocles indicates the character of his heroes by means of the lightest and quickest of touches.	It lives in silence, and the hand of a great judge is ever upon it, though his sentences are beyond our ken.	And even when the threshold is crossed, where shall certainty be found?	Frequently, indeed, will the greatest suffering be caused by those whose love is greatest, for a strange timid, tender cruelty is most often the anxious sister of love.	‘Have we,’ asks Claude de Saint-Martin, the great ‘unknown philosopher,’ ‘have we advanced one step further on the radiant path of enlightenment, that leads to the simplicity of men?’ Let us wait in silence: perhaps ere long we shall be conscious of ‘the murmur of the gods.’ THE PRE-DESTINED THE PRE-DESTINED THEY are known to most men, and there are few mothers who have not seen them.	Something there is that we hide from most men, and we ourselves are ignorant of what this thing may be.	A curious calm steals over us.	Indeed, it is not in the actions but in the words that are found the beauty and greatness of tragedies that are truly beautiful and great; and this not solely in the words that accompany and explain the action, for there must perforce be another dialogue besides the one which is superficially necessary.	But, readily as we all may feel this, to prove it is by no means easy, inasmuch as this essential tragic element comprises more than that which is merely material or merely psychological.	On that instant did the soul by the side of you awake on the summits of its being; something sprang to life in regions loftier far than the love of jaded lovers; and for all that the bodies might shrink asunder, henceforth would the souls never forget that for an instant they had beheld each other high above mountains they had never seen, and that for a second’s space they had been good with a goodness they had never known until that day.... What can this be, this mysterious movement that I speak of here in connection with love only, but which may well take place in the smallest events of life?	Othello is admirably jealous.	We are told that a thousand centuries divide us from ourselves when we choose the woman we love, and that the first kiss of the betrothed is but the seal that thousands of hands, craving for birth, impress upon the lips of the mother they desire.	I have caused suffering because we are in a world where all is held together by invisible threads, in a world where none are alone, and where the gentlest gesture of love or kindliness may so often wound the innocence by our side!—I have caused suffering, too, because there are times when the best and tenderest are impelled to seek I know not what part of themselves in the grief of others.