Now I saw in my dream, that at the end of this valley lay blood, bones, ashes, and mangled bodies of men, even of pilgrims that had gone this way formerly; and while I was musing what should be the reason, I espied a little before me a cave, where two giants, POPE and PAGAN, dwelt in old time; by whose power and tyranny the men whose bones, blood, and ashes, &c., lay there, were cruelly put to death.	Dangers in darkness, devils, hell, and sin   Did compass me, while I this vale was in:   Yea, snares, and pits, and traps, and nets, did lie   My path about, that worthless, silly I   Might have been catch'd, entangled, and cast down;   But since I live, let JESUS wear the crown.	88:18] Here, then, they lay from Wednesday morning till Saturday night, without one bit of bread, or drop of drink, or light, or any to ask how they did; they were, therefore, here in evil case, and were far from friends and acquaintance.	And with that he saw Evangelist coming to meet him; at the sight also of whom he began to blush for shame.	Is this the love and care   Of Jesus for the men that pilgrims are?	CHR.	[1 Pet.	Faithful's plain dealing with Talkative They say, you are a spot among Christians; and that religion fareth the worse for your ungodly conversation; that some have already stumbled at your wicked ways, and that more are in danger of being destroyed thereby; your religion, and an ale-house, and covetousness, and uncleanness, and swearing, and lying, and vain-company keeping, &c., will stand together.	[Exo.	FAITH.	Then said Hopeful, That's good news; good Brother pluck it out of thy bosom and try.	4:25] "He loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood."	These three villains set upon me, and I beginning, like a Christian, to resist, they gave but a call, and in came their master.	FAITH.	[Luke 8:13] CHR.	At last things came to a hubbub and great stir in the fair, insomuch that all order was confounded.	[Prov.	The name of the one was Simple, another Sloth, and the third Presumption.	11:3-7; Deut.	[Isa.	At that, Faithful looked behind him; to whom Christian cried again, "Stay, stay, till I come up to you!"	FAITH.	125:5, Prov.	I will give you a further discovery of him.	24:35] Then I asked him, What I must do when I came; and he told me, I must entreat upon my knees, with all my heart and soul, the Father to reveal him to me.	PIETY.	I will warrant you, when By-ends comes up, if he hath the same invitation as we, he will turn in thither to see.	It is a wonder; but they got not that, though they missed it not through any good cunning of his; for he, being dismayed with their coming upon him, had neither power nor skill to hide anything; so it was more by good Providence than by his endeavour, that they missed of that good thing.	Not I, for I see we shall not agree.	{42} WORLD.	{143} APOL.	HOPE.	Then said Christian, What means this?	Do you not yet bear away with you some of the things that then you were conversant withal?	So when they had made ready, they sat down to meat.	{206} CHR.	CHR.	FORM.	That is true; but to be profited by such things in our talk should be that which we design.	Some cry out against sin even as the mother cries out against her child in her lap, when she calleth it slut and naughty girl, and then falls to hugging and kissing it.	I am glad, my brother, that thou didst withstand this villain so bravely; for of all, as thou sayest, I think he has the wrong name; for he is so bold as to follow us in the streets, and to attempt to put us to shame before all men:  that is, to make us ashamed of that which is good; but if he was not himself audacious, he would never attempt to do as he does.	Now I begin to reap the benefits of my hazards.	It was well for you.	Then said Christian, What means this?	Then did the prisoners consult between themselves whether it was best to take his counsel or no; and thus they began to discourse:-- {285} CHR.	Sir, said Christian, I am a man that am come from the City of Destruction, and am going to the Mount Zion; and I was told by the man that stands at the gate, at the head of this way, that if I called here, you would show me excellent things, such as would be a help to me in my journey.	Then said he to them, Follow me, that I may set you in your way again.	[Ps.	Great knowledge of gospel mysteries.	How he presumes   To drive down all before him!	He told him, As to thy burden, be content to bear it, until thou comest to the place of deliverance; for there it will fall from thy back of itself.	and accordingly shall they be judged.	We have both heard and believe that there is such a place to be found.	Know you not that it is written, that he that cometh not in by the door, "but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber?"	{307} And I slept, and dreamed again, and saw the same two Pilgrims going down the mountains along the highway towards the city.	[Jer.	Then they saw where they were.	So he told me that his house was maintained with all the dainties in the world; and that his servants were those of his own begetting.	He asked me if I had a family?	So after he had received and given many wounds to those that attempted to keep him out, he cut his way through them all [Acts 14:22], and pressed forward into the palace, at which there was a pleasant voice heard from those that were within, even of those that walked upon the top of the palace, saying-- "Come in, come in; Eternal glory thou shalt win."	23:23] At that there was an occasion taken to despise the men the more; some mocking, some taunting, some speaking reproachfully, and some calling upon others to smite them.	HOPE.	But, I say, he found them alive; at which he fell into a grievous rage, and told them that, seeing they had disobeyed his counsel, it should be worse with them than if they had never been born.	FAITH.	Yes, it was for a while in everybody's mouth.	CHR.	2:14,15] {129} For, as they said, and as I believe (said Christian), he did it with the loss of much blood; but that which put glory of grace into all he did, was, that he did it out of pure love to his country.	I wish that all men would deal with such as you have done:  then should they either be made more conformable to religion, or the company of saints would be too hot for them.	Till I could stay no longer; for there was great talk presently after you were gone out that our city would, in short time, with fire from heaven, be burned down to the ground.	For instance, if a man doth delight to talk of the history or the mystery of things; or if a man doth love to talk of miracles, wonders, or signs, where shall he find things recorded so delightful, and so sweetly penned, as in the Holy Scripture?	Just when he was come over against the mouth of the burning pit, one of the wicked ones got behind him, and stepped up softly to him, and whisperingly suggested many grievous blasphemies to him, which he verily thought had proceeded from his own mind.	And whose be the sheep that feed upon them?	Then said Mr. No-good, Away with such a fellow from the earth.	So they thanked him for all his kindness, and went softly along the right way, singing--   Come hither, you that walk along the way;   See how the pilgrims fare that go astray.	Then said Christian, What meaneth this?	Thank you, well.	said Christian.	{142} So he went on, and Apollyon met him.	[Matt 7:14] {68} Then I saw in my dream that Christian asked him further if he could not help him off with his burden that was upon his back; for as yet he had not got rid thereof, nor could he by any means get it off without help.	Then said the Shepherds one to another, Shall we show these pilgrims some wonders?	16:2, Num.	So soon as the man overtook me, he was but a word and a blow, for down he knocked me, and laid me for dead.	[Job 9:11] Thirdly, For that he hoped, could he overtake them, to have company by and by.