Therefore imputed righteousness must be first; yea, it must be before forgiveness, and forgiveness is extended by God, then when we lie in our blood, though to us it is manifested afterwards.29 Therefore it is OF faith, he saith not BY it, respecting the act of faith; but of, respecting the doctrine or word which presenteth me with this blessed imputed righteousness: "They that are of faith, are the children of faithful Abraham."	This righteousness of God, is by the faith of Jesus Christ, unto all, and upon all them that believe: My meaning is, it is imputed to so many as shall by faith lay hold on it.	p. 535.	When the king of Babylon came up against Jerusalem to war, then Israel, instead of trusting in God, put their confidence in the king of Egypt, but he also was swallowed up by this flood, that Israel might be ashamed of such confidence; and this at last they confessed.	Yea, it seems by the word, to be natural, hereditary, and so common for hypocrites to trust to themselves that they are righteous, and then to condemn others; this is the foundation upon which this very parable is built: "He spake this parable, [saith Luke] unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous"; or that they were so, "and despised others."	6:23) This is manifest, because they still are afraid to shew themselves before God in their own works, and because they betake them for acceptation with God, to the priestly office of Christ, and pray by him, 'forgive us our trespasses.'	To these ten commandments must be added that new command given by the Saviour, 'That ye love one another' (John 12:34); or rather the evangelical sum of the whole law, 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and thy neighbour as thyself.'	There is one thing more to which I shall speak a few words, and that is to a few words written at the end of thy book, which is called the postscript, wherein is several charges against myself and some others, which I shall speak somewhat to.	It is not fit that he inhabit there Where humbleness of mind should have the chair.	1.	"And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son: and he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the Lord hath cursed."	Besides, he that worships God, must also of necessity believe his word, else he cannot worship with that reverence and fear that becomes him, but will do it in a superstitious profane manner: 'For whatsoever is not of faith is sin' (Rom 14:23).	Take heed thou carry not thyself to thy servant as he of whom it is said, 'He is such a man of Belial, that his servants could not speak to him.'	But Paul preached frequently on the old sabbath, and that after the resurrection of Christ.	Those that were the body of Christ, and members in particular, that is, those that were visibly such; because they made profession of faith, of holiness, of repentance, of love to Christ, and of self-denial, at their receiving into fellowship.	The raven then did find rest elsewhere, the raven then returned not to him into the ark.	And again, 'Woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!'	Nor do I by anything here discoursed, lay blame or fault at the door of God.	Their murmuring at their lawful commands, &c. From all these domestic iniquities, let every one depart that religiously nameth the name of Christ.	When Canaan worship fell, the sanction of Canaan fell.	2.	'Every spirit that doth confess that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh, is of God' (1 John 4:2).	Second, As to his ascension they [the inspired writers] urge and make use of that, for divers weighty reasons also.	17 The accurate knowledge of Bunyan as to the meaning of law terms is very surprising, and proves him to have been an apt scholar.	But not he that commendeth himself is approved.	2.	For as they threaten, so they instruct us, that he is worthy of the loss of his own blood, that doth wickedly shed the blood of another (Matt 26:52; Rev 13:10).	Now to be unjustified is the worst condition that a man can be in, and he is in this condition that doth thus.	Ans.	But hold, she had faith, will that make all practice acceptable; yea, law and commandment to others, and the work of those that have none, meritorious?	(Rom 6:13) Now this principle must also be in men, before they can do that which is spiritually and gospelly good: For whatever seeming good thing any man doth, before he has bestowed upon him this heavenly principle from God, it is accounted nothing, it is accounted sin and abomination in the sight of God; for an evil tree cannot bring forth good fruit: Men do not gather grapes of thorns; neither of a bramble gather they figs.	Seeing all these are, and may be known, as you yourself confess, by them that have not the gospel; and I add, nor yet the Holy Ghost, nor any saving knowledge of God, or eternal life: Therefore it cannot be the design of Jesus Christ by the gospel to promote or help forward this knowledge, simply from this principle, viz.	But how if they yet retain some antichristian principles.	"DEPART."	And saith he, there is 'one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus' (1 Tim 2:5); and this discovers the damnable errors of those commonly called Socinians, who on the one hand deny him that was born of the Virgin Mary to be true God as well as true Man: And this is also quite contrary to those commonly called Familists, Ranters, Quakers, or others, who on the other hand either deny Christ to be a real Man without them, blasphemously fancying him to be only God manifest in their flesh; or else make his human nature with the fulness of the godhead in it, to be but a type of God, to be manifest in the saints, and so according to their wicked imagination, his human nature was to be laid aside after he had offered it up on the cross without the gate at Jerusalem, contrary to Acts 1:1-3, 9-11 compared with the last chapter of Luke, vv 39, 40, 50, 51 where it is clearly held forth, that the man Christ rose again out of the grave, with the same body which was crucified and laid in the grave, and was taken up above the clouds into heaven with the same real body, and that he shall again descend form heaven in that same glorious body of flesh, as Acts 1:9-11.	"The end of all flesh."	Objection.	Read also verses 6-8 of that chapter.	5.	It is strange to see at this day how, not withstanding all the threatenings of God, men are wedded to their own opinions, beyond what the law of grace and love will admit.	Yet the Father is not above the Son, nor the Spirit inferior to either: The Father is God, the Son is God, the Spirit is God.	Further, we find also in the New Testament, that they are looked upon as Christians of an inferior rank that have not a due regard to this duty; yea, so inferior as not fit to be chosen to any office in the church of God.	This is truth, that Christ is within his saints: But this doctrine they will take to fight against the doctrine of Christ without, ascended from his disciples into heaven, by whom salvation was obtained, "neither is there salvation in any other" (Acts 4:12).	He will labour to blind thy mind, to harden thy heart, to put such virtuous names upon thy foulest vices, that thou shalt never, unless thou stoppest thine ear to him, after a godly sort, truly examine and try thy ways, according as thou art commanded.	For eternal mercy doth not look on those who are the elect and chosen of God, as poor sinful creatures only, but also as the generation whom the Lord hath blessed, in whom he hath designed to magnify his mercy to the utmost, by pardoning the transgressions of the remnant of his heritage (1 Peter 2:9; Micah 7:18,19).	And how cold is the love of many at this day?	German Poem.	Third [Cause of falling away.]	The Publican's shame therefore, which he demonstrateth that he had, even by hanging down of his head, was godly and holy, and much like that of the prodigal, when he said, "Father, I have sinned against heaven, and in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son."	Love also hath a blessed faculty, and heavenly, in bearing and suffering afflictions, putting up wrongs, overlooking the infirmities of the brethren, and in serving in all Christian offices the necessities of the saints.	Yea, by thy blowing the fire, that it may fasten upon the wood the better; thou preachest to thyself how God will blow the fire of hell by the rigour of his law, to the end, it may by its flames, to purpose, kindle upon damned sinners (Isa 30:33).	'And how knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife' (1 Cor 7:16).	What do you mean by circumstances that attend sin?--A.	On this day the disciples at Jerusalem came together to break bread (Acts 20:7).	And as sure as ever Mordecai, when search was made in the rolls, was found there to have done such and such service for the king and his kingdom (Esth 6:1,2): so surely will it be found, what every saint hath done for God, at the day of inquiry.	In that the gospel and means of salvation shall not be effectual for their salvation, but that it shall work rather quite contrary effects.	And therefore hence it is that a Christian is not called a doer, a reasoner, an objector, and perverse disputer; but a BELIEVER.	But mark his holiness, or the way that he prescribes for holiness; it is, if not point blank against, yet without and besides the word, not by doing what God commands, and abhorring what he forbids, but by following the delusion of the devil, and their own roving fancies; as Eve here does.	Thou hast no promise from God's mouth for that, nor is grace or strength ministered to mankind by the covenant that thou art under.	'Contend earnestly for the faith, for there are certain men crept in unawares, which were before of old, ordained unto this condemnation'; even the condemnation that is to come upon them that contend against the faith; for these ungodly men turn the grace of God into lasciviousness, and deny the only Lord God, and our Lord Jesus Christ.	'And then shall every man have praise of God' (4:5).	(1 Peter 1:5).	2.	Hence it is said of that ministration in the bowels of which this seventh day sabbath is found, that it has now NO glory; that its glory is done away, in or by Christ, and so is laid aside, the ministration of the Spirit that excels in glory, being come in the room thereof.	Ver.	But let him ask in faith, Not wavering, for he that wavereth, Unto a wave o' th' sea I will compare, Driv'n with the wind and tossed here and there.	"The publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of God."	This is the ground and cause of all these things; nor is it like to be otherwise, till the cause shall be removed.	Betwixt whom also there is some comparison, for they cover their faces in acts of worship (Isa 6:2; 1 Cor 11:10).	We shun not the sins of others as we should.	But all is to no purpose, they are every way prevented.	Wherefore, 3.	Because therein he left his station and headship, the condition which God had appointed him, and gave way to his wife to assume it, contrary to the order of creation, of her relation, and of her sex; for God had made Adam lord and chief, who ought to have taught his wife, and not to have become her scholar.	If he confess, then he concludes himself under judgment; if he deny, then he addeth to his sin: Therefore he neither denieth nor confesseth, but so as he may lessen and extenuate his sin.	Let this therefore be considered by those that are on the contrary side.	But to return to the good women in the churches, and to make up my discourse with them.	But stay, Abel was beloved of his God, who had also justified his offering, and accepted it as a service more excellent than his brother's.	'They are ignorant of God's righteousness, that go about to establish their own righteousness'; and neither have, nor can, without a miracle, submit themselves unto the righteousness of God.	is one, God shews to Pharaoh what he will have done.	And if I now should also condescend To let this go, and mischief should attend, You will with sorrow bring me to my end.	So Pharaoh 'woke, and mus'd awhile, and then Soon as his sleep his dream returned again: Wherein he saw upon one stalk there stood Seven ears of corn exceeding rank and good, And seven others, with the east wind blasted, And withered, sprang up, and quickly wasted The seven good ears, and quite devour'd them: And Pharaoh 'woke, and lo, it was a dream.	The day in which the church, both at Jerusalem and those of the Gentiles, did use to perform to God divine worship: all which has before been sufficiently proved.	The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the Spirit of the Lord bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass" (Isa 40:6-8).