No, he persisted in his opinion; and it was only when I got out your letters and translated to him all the passages that referred to my father-- Mrs. Alving.	I said, "I daresay it might be managed"--or something of that sort.	Manders.	Mrs. Alving!	But where is she to go?	No, thank you, Mrs. Alving.	More abominable than what you have told me!	Engstrand.	I should like very much to live in town.	Mrs. Alving.	Oh, well then, the best thing I can do is to get away by the boat as soon as I can.	She stops in the doorway with a stifled cry.)	I could endure all that, my friend.	Manders.	Our little prayer-meeting was the cause of it all, don't you see?	When Oswald came in at that door with the pipe in his mouth, I thought for the moment it was his father in the flesh.	That may be so; but I don't attach importance to those obligations and considerations any longer.	Regina (to herself).	Just suppose, sir, for a moment that your reverence was in the same predicament as my poor Joanna.	Manders.	Hasn't he even got his hat?	You are the best friend I have in the world.	Mrs. Alving-- Mrs. Alving.	Besides, he is going out.	Mother, will dinner soon be ready?	You went out into the world very young, my dear Oswald.	(Follows them out.)	Manders.	Menders.	Let us hope not.	Never--even in my most secret thoughts--have I for a moment regarded you as anything but the wife of another.	Perhaps I had better go.	Now then, what do you think of him, Mrs Alving!	What unseemly levity on his part!	My husband had his will of the girl--and that intimacy had consequences, Mr. Manders.	You may well say so.	Mrs. Alving.	Not in this ghastly weather, when there isn't a blink of sunshine all day long.	But, instead of that, you rebelliously cast off your cross, you deserted the man whose stumbling footsteps you should have supported, you did what was bound to imperil your good name and reputation, and came very near to imperilling the reputation of others into the bargain.	With you!	Menders.	Oswald (smiling sadly).	And without destroying anyone's ideals.	Certainly not.	There is nothing wrong with Regina, is there?	Manders.	Yes, distinctly.	You should have considered it your bounden duty humbly to have borne the cross that a higher will had laid upon you.	But he assured me that he saw her every day.	Yes, am I not a lucky woman!	Mrs. Alving.	Excuse me for being so long; but I had to go to the cellar.	Mrs. Alving.	You are quite welcome to it, Regina.	Yes, you ought not to expose yourself to that.	Your project attracts me enormously.	But it is most unseemly behaviour, for all that.	That and nothing else.	I believe I am, sir, truly.	Yes, indeed one can; because here stand I, Jacob Engstrand.	Hm!--do you.	You know you don't like smoking in there.	Manders.	(REGINA shuts the doors and remains standing by the hall door.	Oswald.	Was that how it was, my good fellow?	Good.	Manders.	Manders (calming her).--Leave it to me!	Engstrand.	Ah, that is what it was!	Heaven forbid!	Engstrand.	Menders.	I had been taught about duty, and the sort of thing that I believed in so long here.	To think that the glorious freedom of the beautiful life over there should be so besmirched!	No, thanks; I think I will go out for a bit.	Manders.	Mrs. Alving (coming in from the garden).	Manders.	First of all I must ask you a question.	I know, Mrs. Alving; that praise I will give you.	Going away!